<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1803914_0001803914-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15103883</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>466253</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2452878</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5012787</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3719068</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3201338</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001803914-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316165956
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001803914-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PLBY Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803914
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		IRS NUMBER:				371958714
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39312
		FILM NUMBER:		23739612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10960 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2200
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-424-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10960 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2200
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001803914-23-000017.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 ply-20221231.htm
 10-K

ply-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

., 
 , 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Global Market. As of March 10, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Part I 
 5 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Part II 
 38 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 6. [ Reserved] 
 39 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP) 
 59 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Prager Metis CPAs LLP) 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 66 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 107 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 107 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 110 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 110 
 Part III 
 111 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 111 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 111 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 111 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 111 
 Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 111 
 Part IV 
 112 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 112 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 115 
 Signatures 
 116 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. These statements are based on the expectations and beliefs of the management of PLBY Group, Inc. (the Company, PLBY, we, us, our in light of historical results and trends, current conditions and potential future developments, and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include all statements other than historical fact, including statements about our future performance and opportunities; benefits of acquisitions and corporate transactions; statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; and statements regarding future economic conditions or performance. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, strive, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, and include the assumptions that underlie such statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. When we discuss our strategies and/or plans, we are making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to, our management. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of the Company s shares of common stock on Nasdaq; (3) the risk that the Company s completed or proposed transactions disrupt the Company s current plans and/or operations, including the risk that the Company does not complete any such proposed transactions or achieve the expected benefits from any transactions; (4) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of corporate transactions, commercial collaborations, commercialization of digital assets and proposed transactions, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably, and the Company's ability to retain its key employees; (5) costs related to being a public company, corporate transactions, commercial collaborations and proposed transactions; (6) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (7) the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by global hostilities, supply chain delays, inflation, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (8) risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information of the Company, including changes in the Company's estimates of the fair value of certain of our intangible assets, including goodwill; (9) risks related to the organic and inorganic growth of the Company s businesses, and the timing of expected business milestones; (10) changing demand or shopping patterns for the Company's products and services; (11) failure of licensees, suppliers or other third-parties to fulfill their obligations to the Company; (12) the Company's ability to comply with the terms of its indebtedness and other obligations; (13) changes in financing markets or the inability of the Company to obtain financing on attractive terms; and (14) other risks and uncertainties indicated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those under Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and readers should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any earlier date specified for such statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as may be required under applicable law. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 4 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to the Company , we , us , our and other similar terms refer to Playboy Enterprises, Inc. Playboy and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to Playboy's February 10, 2021 business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (the Business Combination ), and to PLBY Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries after giving effect to the Business Combination. 
 Overview 
 We are a pleasure and leisure company. We provide consumers around the world with products, content and experiences that help them lead happier, healthier and more fulfilling lives. Our flagship consumer brand, Playboy, is one of the most recognizable brands in the world, driving billions of dollars annually in global consumer spending with products and content available in approximately 180 countries. 
 
 Our mission to create a culture where all people can pursue pleasure builds upon almost seven decades of creating groundbreaking media and hospitality experiences and fighting for cultural progress rooted in the core values of equality, freedom of expression and the idea that pleasure is a fundamental human right. 
 
 Driven by our cause of Pleasure for All, our goal is to build the leading pleasure and leisure lifestyle platform for all people around the world. 
 For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our consolidated revenue was 266.9 million and 246.6 million, respectively, and our consolidated net loss was 277.7 million and 77.7 million, respectively. Our consolidated net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was largely driven by non-cash asset impairment charges of 308.2 million related to the write-down of goodwill, trademarks and certain other assets in the third quarter of 2022. 
 Our Products 
 Our products and content connect consumers to a lifestyle of pleasure and leisure. Our offerings help consumers around the world look good, feel good, and enjoy their lives. Our offerings are focused on areas where nearly 70 years of building consumer trust give us a unique position to lead: 
 Sexual Wellness is a category that encompasses products, content and experiences that enable a state of physical, emotional, mental, and social sexual health and fulfillment. Offerings include products that enhance sexual experience, lingerie, bedroom accessories and intimacy products, as well as offerings that improve sexual health. Our sexual wellness offerings today include lingerie, intimates and other adult products. 
 Style and Apparel includes a variety of apparel and accessories products for men and women globally, including one of the leading men s apparel brands in China, and collaborations with fashion and streetwear brands such as PacSun, Yves Saint Laurent and Lids available to consumers in the US and UK. Our style and apparel offerings build on seven decades of standing for free expression. 
 Digital Entertainment and Lifestyle is a category that encompasses all the ways we stand for sophisticated, fun and leisure-filled living. Our content creator platform on playboy.com lets customers interact directly with influencers and other creators that generate their own array of content. Playboy programming distributed through various websites and domestic and international TV providers offers on-demand entertainment. Our spirits joint venture, Playboy Spirits, offers premium spirits under the Rare Hare brand, while playboy.com sells a variety of home goods and personal accessories. Collaborations with strategic partners in the nightlife, hospitality, metaverse, and digital casino and online gaming industries allow our customers to further experience the Playboy lifestyle in-person and from their electronic devices. 
 Beauty and Grooming builds on our long role serving as a platform for beauty and the brand s commercial success in the fragrance category. Today, we approach this category through the lens of confidence, providing our consumers with products and content that inspire body positivity and creative expression. With strong adjacency to Sexual Wellness, Beauty and Grooming offerings include men's and women s skincare, haircare, bath and body, grooming, cosmetics and fragrance. These offerings are primarily delivered by our strategic licensing partners, and some products are offered for resale on playboy.com . 
 
 Each of the foregoing categories represent very large and growing markets, providing us with significant opportunities for growth from the increased sales of our current products, as well as through the introduction of new products within these categories. 
 5 

Our Business Segments 
 We generate revenue through the sales of our products to consumers around the world. We employ multiple business models, including brand licensing, direct-to-consumer and third-party retail sales, and digital sales and subscriptions, to help maximize the value of our assets and promote long-term revenue and profitability growth. We report on our business operations in three segments: 
 Licensing , including licensing our brand to third parties for products, services, venues, online gaming and events. 
 Direct-to-Consumer , including sales of third-party products through our owned-and-operated e-commerce platforms, and sales of our proprietary products through our platforms and/or third-party retailers; and 
 Digital Subscriptions and Content , including revenues generated from the sales of creator offerings to consumers on playboy.com , the sale of subscriptions to Playboy programming, which is distributed through various channels, including websites and domestic and international TV, and the sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles. 
 Licensing 
 We license the Playboy name, Rabbit Head Design, and other trademarks and related properties to partners around the world. Our licensing agreements permit licensees the right to use certain Playboy trademarks for certain categories of products in certain territories for a fee, which is typically a royalty calculated as a percentage of net revenue from wholesale and/or retail sales of such products, subject to an annual, bi-annual or quarterly minimum royalty payment. Our top five license agreements range from three to ten years in length and generated approximately 46.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our licensing contracts included future royalty guarantee payments of approximately 345.5 million through 2031, assuming no renewals of such contracts. 
 Creative Artists Agency, a brand agency with significant global reach and infrastructure, acts as our exclusive licensing agent for the Playboy brand trademarks and intellectual property for consumer products in a broad range of categories in most of the world. We are entering into a joint venture, Playboy China Limited, with Charactopia Licensing Limited, a Fung Retailing brand management company, representing many global brands in China, to jointly own and operate the Playboy licensed business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We expect the Playboy China joint venture to invigorate our China-market Playboy apparel business, including online and offline retail strategies, product design and assortment, and brand marketing to its multi-generational audience. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Licensing segment contrib uted 60.9 millio n in revenue and 74.0 million in operating loss, which was due to 116.0 million of non-cash impairment charges on Playboy-branded trademarks in the third quarter of 2022. 
 Direct-to-Consumer 
 
 Our owned digital commerce retail platforms include playboy.com, honeybirdette.com and Honey Birdette retail stores (as of August 9, 2021), yandy.com , and loversstores.com and Lovers retail stores (as of March 1, 2021). We manage the inventory and shipping for our owned digital and retail commerce channels through a combination of our own warehouse and fulfillment centers and through third-party logistics centers, providing a flexible and scalable base from which to continue the expansion of our direct-to-consumer sales platform model. In addition to our owned channels, we have actively expanded the third-party sales of our proprietary products across major retailers in Western markets. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Direct-to-Consumer segment contributed 186.6 million in revenue and 207.0 million in operating loss, of which 184.8 million was due to non-cash impairment charges on certain of our intangible assets, including goodwill, in the third quarter of 2022. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Business, for additional matters that affect our consumer products business, including seasonality. 
 Digital Subscriptions and Content 
 Our Digital Subscriptions and Content today comprise our creator-led platform on playboy.com (initially launched in December 2021), non-fungible token NFTs art and collectibles offerings (initially launched in early 2021), and Playboy s adult content offerings, including playboyplus.com and playboy.tv . 
 
 Playboy-branded digital content offerings reach more than 150,000 subscribers and users across Playboy-managed digital platforms. In addition, Playboy TV is offered through leading MSOs (multiple-system operators) around the globe, including U.S. MSOs DIRECTV, Comcast, Dish, Charter, Cox, Altice, and Mediacom. Pursuant to its agreements with the MSOs, Playboy programs the Playboy TV and typically receives a royalty based on the numbers of subscribers to the service. 
 6 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Digital Subscriptions and Content segment contributed 18.7 million in revenue and 13.0 million of operating loss, of which 4.9 million was related to non-cash impairment of our crypto assets and certain other assets. 
 Our Strategy 
 We aim to build the leading pleasure and leisure lifestyle platform for all people around the world. In 2021 and 2022, we built up our direct-to-consumer business, including expanding our licensing categories, and developed our digital capabilities, including launching our creator platform. As of 2023, we will pursue a commercial strategy that relies on a more capital-light model focused on revenue streams with higher margin and higher growth potential. We will do this by leveraging our flagship Playboy brand to attract best-in-class strategic partners and scale our creator platform with influencers who embody our brands aspirational lifestyle. 
 
 We will refocus our three key growth pillars: first, strategically expanding our licensing business in key categories and territories. Our Playboy China joint venture is expected to invigorate our China-market Playboy apparel business, building on Playboy s current roster of licensees and online storefronts by adding new licensees. We will continue to use our licensing business as a marketing tool and brand builder, in particular through our high-end designer collaborations and our large-scale partnerships with partners such as PacSun. Second, investing in our Playboy digital platform as we return to our roots as a place to see and be seen for creators and up and coming cultural influencers. Third, building upon Honey Birdette s existing high margin retail business by expanding the brand in the United States. 
 
 Our content creator-led platform dedicated to creative freedom, artistic expression and sex positivity, is the cornerstone of our digital strategy. Creators fans can subscribe or pay to view exclusive content, message with Playboy creators directly, and receive special access to their daily lives in a manner they cannot do anywhere else. Top creators earn special opportunities throughout the Playboy ecosystem including Playboy photo shoots, fashion design collaborations and the opportunity to serve as Playboy fashion ambassadors. 
 
 Our Competition 
 We operate in the consumer goods space across a variety of different industries and face competition from broad direct-to-consumer platforms such as Amazon, as well as brands and retailers that are more targeted to particular markets. In the men s apparel space in China, we compete with other leading men s apparel brands such as Uniqlo, Semir, Levi s, Nautica and Lacoste on the breadth and quality of our products, and in Western markets, our apparel collaborations and owned and operated e-commerce business compete with retailers and brands more focused on lingerie, costumes, accessories and streetwear. In the sexual wellness industry, we compete with lingerie brands and e-commerce businesses such as La Perla, Fleur du Mal, Victoria s Secret and AdoreMe, and other suppliers of products in this fragmented and rapidly growing space, as well as with Sexual Wellness e-commerce platforms and brick and mortar retail chains, such as Lovehoney, Fashion Nova and Adam Eve. Our digital products and services compete with social content and creator-led platforms and providers of digital art, collectibles and paid and free adult content, and our digital games compete with other real-money and social casino-style games available in the iOS and Android app stores. We compete with much larger companies, including the brands referenced above, that have significantly greater financial and operational resources and pose meaningful competitive challenges. However, we believe we have successfully competed, and will continue to do so, with such companies because of our strong brands with extensive consumer followings, high quality products and relationships with creators and influencers that we have developed. 
 Our Corporate History 
 Playboy was founded in 1953 as a men s lifestyle magazine. Over the following decades, Playboy grew into a leader and pioneer in the entertainment, hospitality, and licensing businesses. 
 From 1973 to 2011, Playboy's stock was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Playboy s current corporate entity, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., was incorporated in the State of Delaware in April 1998. On March 4, 2011, Icon Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Icon Acquisition Holdings, L.P. Icon ), an affiliate of Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC, successfully completed its offer to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of Playboy, which was further reorganized effective August 14, 2018. As part of the restructuring, Icon was dissolved and liquidated its equity interest in Playboy to its members, consisting of RT-ICON Holdings LLC (with its affiliates, "RT") and the Hugh M. Hefner 1991 Trust (the Trust ), resulting in RT holding 3,034,192 shares of common stock in Playboy and the Trust holding 1,868,910 shares of common stock in Playboy. The Trust then sold to Playboy, and Playboy redeemed, all of the common stock in Playboy held by the Trust for a total of 35 million. 
 7 

On February 10, 2021, we consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2020 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp MCAC ), MCAC Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), and Playboy, and Suying Liu. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Playboy merged with and into Merger Sub, with Playboy surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCAC, and MCAC changed its name to PLBY Group, Inc. upon consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Over the past several years, we have undertaken a process of transforming and streamlining our business model to transition Playboy s primary business from a print and digital media entity, generating advertising and sponsorship revenues, to our primarily commerce business which markets consumer products and digital content. 
 In December 2019, we acquired the assets of yandy.com , a leading online retailer of lingerie, dresses, costumes and accessories, as part of the expansion of our proprietary sales platform. In March 2021, we acquired TLA Acquisition Corp., the parent company of the Lovers family of stores, a leading omni-channel online and brick-and-mortar sexual wellness chain. In August 2021, we acquired Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Limited, owner of the luxury lingerie brand Honey Birdette. In October 2021, we acquired GlowUp Digital Inc., owner of the Dream platform that was redeveloped as the technology foundation for our curated and creator-led platform on playboy.com , which initially launched in December 2021 under the Centerfold name. We are entering into a Playboy-controlled joint venture, Playboy China Limited, for the operation of the Playboy licensed business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 
 Our Team 
 We seek to recruit, retain, and incentivize highly talented existing and future employees. We believe that creating a respectful and inclusive environment where team members can be themselves and be supported is critical to attracting, developing and retaining talent. A set of fundamental values guide our thinking and actions both inside the company and as we pursue our mission through our interaction with our consumers and our partners around the world. We created these values with the goal of holding ourselves accountable, of preserving what is special, and to inspire and guide ourselves moving forward as we grow and take on new challenges. We believe staying true to these values will drive the long-term value we create in consumers lives. 
 
 Our Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 497 full-time and full-time-equivalent employees and 566 part-time employees. None of the employees are represented by a labor union. Our team values support our employee relations, which we believe to be positive and productive. We promote the well-being of our employees through programs and benefits that support physical health, financial security and good morale. 
 Our Values 
 
 Do You (But Do No Harm) . We re authentic to who we are. We say what we mean, and we mean what we say. We create a safe and encouraging environment for others to do the same, bringing their authentic selves forward. We welcome and value varying perspectives and opinions, and we assume best intentions. We celebrate and bring out the best in each other. We pay attention to others discomfort. We respect boundaries. And we fiercely believe that our diversity positions us for greater success and impact in the world. 
 Embrace the Next Challenge . We have a growth mindset. We don t let ourselves get too comfortable. We are constantly questioning our existing knowledge and recognize that our blind spots are bigger than we think. We actively seek out opportunities to learn. We come from a place of curiosity. The next challenge may be in a place we ve never thought to look, and we leverage a vast diversity of perspectives to find it. We know we can always do better, and good enough is not enough. We believe in questioning taboos. We are bold and thoughtful in challenging the status quo and finding fault in the default, even when it seems we are alone. We are okay with uncertainty, and we aim to adapt quickly and be resourceful in an ever-changing environment. 
 Debate, Then Commit . We take the time to make sure we are informed. We provide a platform and make space for the different voices in the room, ask thoughtful questions, and consider all angles before coming to a conclusion. We question everything. We engage in self-reflection, and we recognize and share openly when we are wrong. We are solutions oriented. We take an active approach to solving problems and coming to decisions rather than fixating on them. We passionately discuss ideas but respect when a decision is reached and abide by the process to execute it. We communicate decisions thoroughly and thoughtfully. 
 Be a Leader . We develop and exercise inclusive leadership. So, everyone knows they belong, and equitable treatment is our standard. We recognize that trust, respect, and responsibility go hand-in-hand and must be heard. With that, it is up to each of us to earn that responsibility every day. We listen first, ask questions, speak up and are accountable for our work (and our mistakes). We help others feel confident and comfortable doing the same. We take initiative. We don t wait for things to happen to us or wait to be told. We are willing to wear many hats and roll our sleeves up when others need help, even if it means working outside our job description. We lead by example. 
 8 

Stay Playful . We are a fun team and though we often deal with heavy subject matter, we recognize the importance of a playful spirit and a positive outlook. We realize that we are a work in progress, and that we won t always get it right the first time. We pride ourselves in being able to pick ourselves up, be positive about our mistakes (while learning from them) and move forward. We celebrate creativity and the importance of trying new things out. We know you to have a good time and we understand boundaries. We celebrate each other. We value our time both in and out of work. 
 Government Regulation 
 In connection with the products we provide, we must comply with various laws and regulations from federal, state, local and foreign regulatory agencies. We believe that we are in material compliance with regulatory requirements applicable to our business. These regulatory requirements include, without limitation: 
 federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations involving minimum wage, health care, overtime, sick leave, lunch and rest breaks and other similar wage, benefits and hour requirements and other similar laws; 
 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the equivalent state agencies and other similar laws; 
 alcohol beverage marketing regulations, custom and import matters with respect to products imported to and exported from the United States; 
 the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other similar anti-bribery and anti- kickback laws and regulations that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business; and 
 federal, state and foreign anticorruption, data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation and other laws and regulations, including without limitation, GDPR and the CCPA. 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the Company. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information regarding regulatory risks to the Company. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own various trademarks, copyrights and software comprising our intellectual property holdings including, without limitation, the Playboy name, the RABBIT HEAD DESIGN logo, the Yandy name, the Lovers name and the Honey Birdette name. 
 We currently have active trademark registrations in more than 150 countries for our key trademarks, including variations of the PLAYBOY and the RABBIT HEAD DESIGN logo, which are typically the core intellectual property we license pursuant to our licensing agreements and use on our branded consumer products. Trademark registrations typically allow us to exclusively use or permit licensed use of the marks in the product categories in which they are registered. These registrations are typically valid for 10 years from the original date of registration or the date of renewal. When these registrations become due for renewal, we typically renew them unless the registrations have become redundant due to overlapping coverage from other existing registered marks or they cover marks or categories that we no longer actively use or have plans to use in the future. Most jurisdictions allow for an unlimited number of renewals provided that the criteria to apply for renewal are met in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 Available Information 
 We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains our periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us that we file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is located at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Our website is www.plbygroup.com. We make available, free of charge, on our investor relations website, www.plbygroup.com/investors, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We may use our website to disclose material information and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. Such disclosures are provided on our website at www.plbygroup.com, including under its Events and Presentations and Press Releases sections, among others. Accordingly, investors should monitor this portion of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not part of this report. 
 9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this subsection to the Company, we , us or our refer to PLBY Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Business Combination, which was completed on February 10, 2021, other than certain historical information which refers to the business of Playboy prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 We have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by, the following risks: 
 our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the Playboy brand; 
 operating in highly competitive industries; 
 our ability to anticipate changes in the market for our products and rapidly adapt; 
 our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, in particular trademarks and copyrights; 
 business constraints, negative publicity, lawsuits and boycotts as a result of our business involving the provision of products with adult or sexually explicit content; 
 material weaknesses identified with respect to our internal controls over financial reporting; 
 potential impairments of our intangible assets; 
 potential limitations on the use of our net operating losses; 
 various taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions; 
 potential systems failures or network access challenges experienced by our digital operations; 
 our exposure to data security and privacy risks; 
 compliance with payment processor requirements and government regulations; 
 challenges relating to operations and expansion outside of the U.S.; 
 litigation expenses and potential adverse results; 
 the costs to the Company and management's time needed to comply with public company requirements; 
 our ability to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management and personnel; 
 difficulties in pursuing and completing corporate transactions on economically acceptable terms; 
 realizing the business benefits of our strategic objectives, including through joint ventures, dispositions or other strategic transactions; 
 integration risks relating to corporate transactions and other strategic opportunities; 
 limitations imposed by our debt and other financial obligations; 
 our ability to attract and retain new customers and subscribers through our marketing efforts; 
 10 

the demand for our products; 
 the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 changing global economic conditions and standards, including with respect to interest rates; 
 our ability to manage the various licensing and selling models in our operations; 
 the concentration of a substantial portion of our licensing revenue with a limited number of licensees and retail partners; 
 our dependence on third parties to help operate certain aspects of our e-commerce business; 
 regulatory, cybersecurity and impairment risks related to the holding of digital assets; 
 the adoption, implementation and performance of new enterprise systems; 
 increasing competition for and changing dynamics in the marketplace for our adult content, digital and consumer products; 
 our ability to maintain our agreements with multiple system operators and direct-to-home operators on favorable terms; 
 our ability to identify, fund investment in and commercially exploit new technology; 
 shifts in consumer behavior as a result of technological innovations and changes in the distribution and consumption of content; and 
 our ability to meet the listing requirements to be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market and maintain the listing of our securities in the future. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the Playboy brand. 
 Our success depends on the value and reputation of the Playboy brand. The Playboy name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high quality product and customer experience. 
 We rely on social media, as one of our marketing strategies, to have a positive impact on both our brand value and reputation. Our brand and reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, if our public image was to be tarnished by negative publicity, which could be amplified by social media, if we fail to deliver innovative and high-quality products and experiences acceptable to our customers, or if we face or mishandle a product recall. 
 We license our brand to third parties to use in connection with various goods and services, subject to our approval. Our financial condition could be negatively impacted if any such third parties use our brand in a manner that adversely reflects on our businesses or our brand. 
 Additionally, while we devote considerable efforts and resources to protecting our intellectual property, if these efforts are not successful, the value of our brand may be adversely affected. Any detrimental impact to our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Our businesses operate in highly competitive industries. 
 The consumer products, digital entertainment and creator content platform markets in which we operate are highly competitive. The ability of our businesses to compete in each of these industries successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently supply high quality and popular products and content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms, maintain our brand reputation and produce new and successful products and content. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that increasing competition will not result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, many of our competitors, including apparel and personal goods retailers, large entertainment and media enterprises and well-established social media and other creator content platforms have greater technical, operational, financial and human resources than we do. We cannot assure you that we can remain competitive with companies that have greater resources or that offer alternative product, entertainment or content offerings. 
 11 

The market for our physical and digital products is changing rapidly, and unless we are able to anticipate these changes and rapidly adapt, we will lose market share. 
 Our strategy to grow our online and brick and mortar retail businesses depend on many factors, including, among others, our ability to develop and maintain effective e-commerce platforms, identify desirable store locations, negotiate acceptable lease terms, hire, train and retain a reliable workforce of sales, distribution and other operational personnel, successfully integrate stores into our existing control structure, enterprise systems and operations, including our information technology systems, and coordinate well with our digital platforms and wholesale customers to minimize the competition within our sales channels. As we expand into new geographic areas, we need to successfully identify and satisfy the consumer preferences in these areas. In addition, we need to address competitive, merchandising, marketing, distribution and other challenges encountered in connection with any expansion. Finally, we cannot ensure that our e-commerce platforms or physical stores will be well received and achieve intended net sales or profitability levels. If our consumer products businesses fail to achieve, or are unable to sustain, acceptable net sales and profitability levels, our business overall may be adversely impacted and we may incur significant costs associated with such business. 
 
 In addition, online usage and digital entertainment is changing rapidly as technological advancements allow the deployment of more advanced and interactive multimedia website and digital application offerings, and the Internet and mobile device usage have resulted in new digital distribution channels. As a result, we have to rapidly develop new digital business models, including digital content and distribution models, that will allow us to otherwise capitalize on our growing content creator platform and large library of titles that we own and license. 
 Unless we are able to effectively modify our business model to compete with the products offered through physical and online retailers and content offered digitally on the Internet or elsewhere, our market share, revenues and profits from such offerings could decrease. Although we are currently developing new products and growing our content creator community, no assurance can be given that we will remain competitive in the industries we compete in. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to enhance existing product offerings and to develop and introduce a variety of new products and content to address changing demands of our consumers. 
 If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, in particular trademarks and copyrights, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 
 Our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks in the Playboy name and Rabbit Head Design, are valuable assets of our business and are critical to our success, growth potential and competitive position. Although certain of the intellectual property we use is registered in the U.S. and in many of the foreign countries in which we operate, there can be no assurances with respect to the continuation of such intellectual property rights, including our ability to further register, use or defend key current or future trademarks. Further, applicable law may provide only limited and uncertain protection, particularly in emerging markets, such as China. 
 Furthermore, we may not apply for, or be unable to obtain, intellectual property protection for certain aspects of our business. Third parties have in the past, and could in the future, bring infringement, invalidity, co-inventorship, re-examination, opposition or similar claims with respect to our current or future intellectual property. Any such claims, whether or not successful, could be costly to defend, may not be sufficiently covered by any indemnification provisions to which we are party, divert management s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brands, and adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities. 
 In addition, third parties may distribute and sell counterfeit (or grey market) versions of our products, which may be inferior or pose safety risks and could confuse consumers or customers, which could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future or otherwise damage our reputation. The presence of counterfeit versions of our products in the market and of prestige products in mass distribution channels could also dilute the value of our brands, force us and our distributors to compete with heavily discounted products, cause us to be in breach of contract (including license agreements), impact our compliance with distribution and competition laws in jurisdictions including the E.U. and China, or otherwise have a negative impact on our reputation and business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In order to protect or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, we may initiate litigation or other proceedings against third parties, such as infringement suits, opposition proceedings or interference proceedings. Any lawsuits or proceedings that we initiate could be expensive, take significant time and divert management s attention from other business concerns, adversely impact customer relations and we may not be successful. Litigation and other proceedings may also put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities. 
 12 

Our success depends on our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property of third parties. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, patents, copyrights and other proprietary rights of third parties. However, we cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate such rights. Moreover, our acquisition targets and other businesses in which we may make strategic investments are often smaller or younger companies with less robust intellectual property clearance practices, and we may face challenges on the use of their trademarks and other proprietary rights. 
 If we are found to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating a third-party trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary rights, we may need to obtain a license, which may not be available in a timely manner on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or redesign or rebrand our products, which may not be possible or result in a significant delay to market or otherwise have an adverse commercial impact. We may also be required to pay substantial damages or be subject to a court order prohibiting us and our customers from selling certain products or engaging in certain activities, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities. 
 Our business includes the provision of sexually explicit content which can create negative publicity, lawsuits and boycotts. 
 Our business includes providing adult-oriented, sexually explicit and provocative products worldwide. Many people regard such business as unwholesome. Various national and local governments, along with religious and children s advocacy groups, consistently propose and enact legislation to restrict the provision of, access to, and content of such entertainment. These groups also often file lawsuits against providers of adult products and content, encourage boycotts against such providers and mount negative publicity campaigns. In this regard, some of our distribution outlets, have from time-to-time been the target of groups who seek to limit the availability of our products because of their content. We expect to continue to be subject to these activities. 
 The adult-oriented content of our websites, including our creator platform, may also subject us to obscenity or other legal claims by third parties. We may also be subject to claims based upon the content that is available on our websites through links to other sites and in jurisdictions that we have not previously distributed content in. Implementing measures to reduce our exposure to this liability may require us to take steps that would substantially limit the attractiveness of our websites and other distribution channels and/or their availability in various geographic areas, which could negatively impact their ability to generate revenue. 
 In addition, some investors, investment banks, market makers, lenders and others in the investment community may refuse to participate in the market for our common stock, financings or other activities due to the nature of our adult business. These refusals may negatively impact the value of our common stock and our opportunities to attract market support. 
 Companies providing products and services on which we rely may refuse to do business with us because some of our products contain adult content. 
 Some companies that provide products and services we need may be concerned that associating with us could lead to their becoming the target of negative publicity campaigns by public interest groups and boycotts of their products and services. As a result of these concerns, these companies may be reluctant to enter into or continue business relationships with us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our existing business relationships with the companies, domestic or international, that currently provide us with services and products. Our inability to maintain such business relationships, or to find replacement service providers, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could be forced to enter into business arrangements on terms less favorable to us than we might otherwise obtain, which could lead to our doing business with less competitive terms, higher transaction costs and more inefficient operations than if we were able to maintain such business relationships or find replacement service providers. 
 If we are unable to advertise on certain platforms because of our brand or products, our revenue could be adversely impacted. 
 Some companies that operate websites and offline media, including search engines and social media platforms, on which we would like to advertise our products, and provide direct purchasing capabilities, may be reluctant or refuse to allow such advertising due to the adult nature of certain of our products and the history of our brand. Our inability to access or advertise on such platforms could make it more difficult for us to reach a broad audience, which could limit sales of our products, and reduce the value of our brand. Our existing competitors, as well as potential new competitors, may not face such obstacles and be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns and reach a broader consumer base, making it more difficult for us to compete with them with similar products. 
 13 

We have experienced, and may continue to experience, seasonality in our revenues, which may result in volatility in our financial results. 
 While we receive revenue throughout the year, our businesses have experienced, and may continue to experience, seasonality. For example, our licensing business under our consumer products business have historically experienced higher receipts in its first and third fiscal quarters due to the licensing fee structure in our licensing agreements, which typically require advance payment of such fees during those quarters, but such payments can be subject to extensions or delays. Our direct-to-consumer business have historically experienced higher sales in the fourth quarter due to the U.S. holiday season, including Halloween, but changing market conditions and demand could affect such sales. To the extent that we continue to experience seasonality, or there are material changes in our seasonal business and revenues, such factors may result in volatility in our financial results. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Since becoming a public company, ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis has become costly and a time-consuming effort. In addition, the rapid growth of our operations has created a need for additional resources within the accounting and finance functions in order to produce timely financial information and to ensure the level of segregation of duties customary for a U.S. public company. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Our management is also required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in our annual or interim consolidated financial statements might not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As described in Item 9A of this Annual Report, there were several material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We are working to develop and implement a remediation plan as soon as practicable. Our remediation plan, which is continuing to be developed, can only be accomplished over time, and these initiatives may not accomplish their intended effects. Failure to maintain our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to regulatory actions, legal proceedings or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and/or we may not be able to maintain compliance with certain of our agreements. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could have a negative effect on our stock price, business strategies and ability to raise capital. 
 
 Even after the remediation of our material weaknesses, our management does not expect that our internal controls ever will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. No evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the business will have been detected. 
 We have a significant amount of intangible assets, including our trademarks and digital assets, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. As a result of changes in market conditions and declines in the estimated fair value of these assets, we may be required to record impairments of our intangible assets in the future which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our indefinite-lived intangible assets, including digital assets and goodwill, represented 339.6 million, or 61 of our total consolidated assets. Under GAAP, indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead are subject to impairment evaluation based on related estimated fair values, with such testing to be done at least annually. We review our trademarks and digital assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Any write-down of intangible assets resulting from future periodic evaluations would, as applicable, either decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and those decreases or increases could be material. 
 14 

Our use of certain tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 We had significant net operating losses NOLs as of December 31, 2022. In the U.S. we had 298.0 million of federal NOLs available to carryforward to future periods, of which 182.0 million will begin expiring in 2028, and we had 109.0 million of state and local NOLs available to carryforward to future periods, of which 5.0 million can be carried forward indefinitely. In Australia, we also had 5.7 million of NOLs available to carryforward indefinitely. The statute of limitations for tax years 2017 and forward remains open to examination by the major U.S. taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. The statute of limitations for tax year 2016 and forward remain open to examination in Australia. In addition, due to the NOL carryforward provision, tax authorities continue to have the ability to adjust the amount of our carryforward. Furthermore, as discussed below, the limitations on the use of the NOLs under Section 382 could affect our ability to use NOLs to offset future taxable income. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"), which was enacted on December 22, 2017, changed the rules governing U.S. federal NOL carryforwards. For federal NOL carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Tax Act limited a taxpayer s ability to utilize such carryforwards to 80 of taxable income, which can be carried forward indefinitely, but carryback is generally prohibited. Federal NOL carryforwards generated by us before January 1, 2018 will continue to have a twenty-year carryforward period and will not be subject to the taxable income limitation. 
 We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions. 
 We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. While we believe our tax positions are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, it is possible that these positions may be challenged by jurisdictional tax authorities, which may have a significant impact on our global provision for income taxes. 
 Tax laws are being re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of the law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become applicable. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies. Many countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business. If U.S. or other foreign tax authorities change applicable tax laws, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 Our digital operations are subject to systems failures. 
 The uninterrupted performance of our computer systems is critical to the operations of our websites. Our computer systems are located at external third-party sites, and, as such, may be vulnerable to fire, loss of power, telecommunications failures and other similar catastrophes. In addition, we may have to restrict access to our websites to solve problems caused by computer viruses or other system failures. Our customers may become dissatisfied by any disruption or failure of our computer systems that interrupts our ability to provide our content. Repeated system failures could substantially reduce the attractiveness of our websites and/or interfere with commercial transactions, negatively affecting our ability to generate revenues. Our websites must accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver regularly updated content. Our sites have, on occasion, experienced slow response times and network failures. These types of occurrences in the future could cause users to perceive our websites as not functioning properly and therefore induce them to frequent websites other than ours. We are also subject to risks from failures in computer systems other than our own because our customers depend on their own Internet service providers for access to our sites. Our revenues could be negatively affected by outages or other difficulties customers experience in accessing our websites due to Internet service providers system disruptions or similar failures unrelated to our systems. Our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that may occur due to any failures in our Internet systems or the systems of our customers Internet service providers. 
 Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business. 
 We rely significantly upon the ability of consumers to access our products through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our products over their networks, our business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our membership acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. 
 15 

Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets. 
 We are subject to payment processing risk. 
 Our customers pay for our products using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations, including additional authentication requirements for certain payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules or regulations concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operation could be adversely impacted. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition subscribers or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our products. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. 
 Government regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our businesses are regulated by governmental authorities in the countries in which we operate. Because of our international operations, we must comply with diverse and evolving regulations. Regulation relates to, among other things, licensing, access to satellite transponders, commercial advertising, subscription rates, foreign investment, Internet gaming, use of confidential customer information and content, including standards of decency/obscenity. Changes in the regulation of our operations or changes in interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulators or our inability to comply with current or future regulations could adversely affect us by reducing our revenues, increasing our operating expenses and/or exposing us to significant liabilities. While we are not able to reliably predict particular regulatory developments that could affect us adversely, those regulations related to adult content, the Internet, consumer products and commercial advertising illustrate some of the potential difficulties we face. 
 Adult content. Regulation of adult content could prevent us from making our content available in various jurisdictions or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The governments of some countries, such as China and India, have sought to limit the influence of other cultures by restricting the distribution of products deemed to represent foreign or immoral influences. Regulation aimed at limiting minors access to adult content could also increase our cost of operations and introduce technological challenges, such as by requiring development and implementation of age verification systems. U.S. government officials could amend or construe and seek to enforce more broadly or aggressively the adult content recordkeeping and labeling requirements set forth in 18 U.S.C. Section 2257 and its implementing regulations in a manner that is unfavorable to our business. 
 Internet. Various governmental agencies have imposed and are further considering a number of laws or regulations concerning various aspects of the Internet, including online content, intellectual property rights, user privacy, taxation, access charges, liability for third-party activities and jurisdiction. Regulation of digital content and the Internet could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations by reducing the overall use of the Internet or provision of certain digital content or services, reducing the demand for our products or increasing our cost of doing business. 
 Consumer products. Any attempts to limit or otherwise regulate the sale or distribution of certain consumer products sold by us or our licensees could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 16 

We do business in a variety of digital ecosystems, including sales of digital assets and cryptocurrency payments, which is evolving, and uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect our development. 
 
 Our products include digital assets, and we have accepted cryptocurrency as payment for certain digital assets. We expect to continue commercial activities in various digital environments and involving digital assets and cryptocurrencies. The technologies supporting cryptocurrencies and digital assets like blockchain and non-fungible tokens NFT are new and rapidly evolving. To the extent these technologies become more widely utilized in the industry, revenues from our digital applications could be negatively impacted, including as a result of greater competition. If we fail to explore and commercialize these new technologies and apply them innovatively to keep our products and services competitive, we may not experience significant growth of our business. Regulation of digital platforms and assets, such as user-generated content platforms, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, NFTs and cryptocurrency exchanges, is currently underdeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve as government agencies take greater interest in them. Regulation also varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. Various legislative and executive bodies in the United States and in other countries may in the future adopt laws, regulations, or guidance, or take other actions, which may severely impact the digital ecosystems in which we do business or the digital products we sell, as well as the technology behind them or the means of transacting in or transferring them. The regulatory regime governing user-generated content platforms, blockchain technologies, NFTs, cryptocurrencies, digital assets, utility tokens, security tokens and offerings of digital assets is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect our digital products and services. 
 
 We hold and may acquire digital assets that may be subject to volatile market prices, impairment and unique risks of loss. 
 
 From time to time, we may hold digital assets, including NFTs and cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum, and may accept cryptocurrency payments from customers for certain products and services. The prices of digital assets have been in the past and may continue to be highly volatile, including as a result of various associated risks and uncertainties. For example, the prevalence of such assets is a relatively recent trend, and their long-term adoption by investors, consumers and businesses is unpredictable. Moreover, their lack of a physical form, their reliance on technology for their creation, existence and transactional validation and their decentralization may subject their integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. Finally, the extent to which securities laws or other regulations apply or may apply in the future to such assets is unclear and may change in the future. If we hold digital assets and their values decrease relative to our purchase prices, our financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Moreover, digital assets are currently considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules, meaning that any decrease in their fair values below our carrying values for such assets at any time subsequent to their acquisition will require us to recognize impairment charges, whereas we may make no upward revisions for any market price increases until a sale, which may adversely affect our operating results in any period in which such impairment occurs. Moreover, there is no guarantee that future changes in GAAP will not require us to change the way we account for digital assets held by us. 
 
 Finally, as intangible assets without centralized issuers or governing bodies, digital assets have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks or other malicious activities, including inappropriate access and theft, as well as human errors or computer malfunctions that may result in the loss or destruction of private keys needed to access such assets. While we intend to take all reasonable measures to secure any digital assets, if such threats are realized or the measures or controls we create or implement to secure our digital assets fail, it could result in a partial or total misappropriation or loss of our digital assets, and our financial condition and operating results may be adversely impacted. 
 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our data and/or digital assets, we may lose some or all of our data and/or digital assets and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Security breaches and cyberattacks are of particular concern with respect to our digitally-stored information, digital assets and "Web3" activities, including our holding and processing of cryptocurrency and other digital assets, including. Ethereum and other blockchain-based cryptocurrencies have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. Hackers have been reported to exploit flaws in crypto marketplace technologies and steal from the accounts of customers, although such flaws may subsequently be fixed and affected customers reimbursed. Nonetheless, a successful security breach or cyberattack could result in a partial or total loss of our digital assets in a manner that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity provisions of the custody agreement with a custodian who holds our digital assets. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 17 

The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital assets may be irreversible. If we are unable to access our private keys or if we experience a cyberattack or other data loss relating to our digital assets, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Blockchain based assets are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public key and private key relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the asset is held. While the blockchain ledger requires a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third party from accessing the digital asset held in such wallet. To the extent our private key is lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the digital assets held in the related digital wallet. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that our digital wallets will not be compromised as a result of a cyberattack. Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. 
 
 Changes affecting the availability of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR may have consequences that we cannot yet fully predict. 
 
 We are party to agreements and instruments where obligations by or to us are calculated based on or otherwise dependent on LIBOR. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of LIBOR. The publication of one week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors and tenors for EUR, CHF, JPY and GBP LIBOR ceased after December 31, 2021, and the publication of all other USD LIBOR tenors will cease after June 30, 2023. As a result, LIBOR for particular currencies and tenors will not be available for use in agreements and other instruments after the relevant cessation date and may ultimately cease to be utilized prior to the date publication ceases. Alternative benchmark rate(s) are expected to replace LIBOR in our agreements that reference LIBOR, including, for example, in our New Credit Agreement. At this time, it is difficult for us to predict the full effect of any changes from LIBOR to an alternative benchmark rate upon or prior to the cessation of publication, the phase out of LIBOR generally, or the establishment and use of particular alternative benchmark rates to replace LIBOR. There is uncertainty about how we, the financial markets, applicable law, and the courts will address the replacement of LIBOR with alternative benchmark rates for contracts that do not include appropriate fallback provisions to provide for such alternative benchmark rates. In addition, any changes from LIBOR to an alternative benchmark rate may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds, our receipts or payments under agreements that reference LIBOR, and the valuation of derivative or other contracts to which we are a party, any of which could impact our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to risks resulting from our operations outside the U.S., and we face additional risks and challenges as we continue to expand internationally. 
 The international scope of our operations may contribute to volatile financial results and difficulties in managing our business. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 41 and 38 , respectively, of our consolidated revenues from countries outside the U.S. Our international operations expose us to numerous challenges and risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 adverse political, regulatory, legislative and economic conditions in various jurisdictions; 
 costs of complying with varying governmental regulations; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 difficulties in developing, acquiring or licensing programming and products that appeal to a variety of audiences and cultures; 
 global supply chain disruptions; 
 scarcity of attractive licensing and joint venture partners; 
 the potential need for opening and managing distribution centers abroad; and 
 difficulties in protecting intellectual property rights in foreign countries. 
 In addition, important elements of our business strategy, including capitalizing on advances in technology, expanding distribution of our products and content and leveraging cross-promotional marketing capabilities, involve a continued commitment to expanding our business internationally. This international expansion will require considerable management and financial resources. We cannot assure you that one or more of these factors or the demands on our management and financial resources would not adversely affect any current or future international operations and our business as a whole. 
 18 

Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and requires substantial management attention. 
 
 We will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with the requirements of operating as a public company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires, among other things, that we file with the SEC, annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory say on pay voting requirements. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 
 The rules and regulations applicable to public companies have and are expected to continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some corporate activities more time consuming. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs could decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 Our expansion into new products, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks. 
 We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or content offerings. These offerings, which can present new and difficult technology and regulatory challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. In addition, profitability, if any, in our newer activities may not meet our expectations, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or content could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. 
 We expect to incur transaction costs in connection with our corporate transactions and strategic opportunities, which could require additional financing that may not be available to us on acceptable terms. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs and expenses in connection with past and future corporate transactions and strategic opportunities, including with respect to acquisitions and financing transactions, for financial advisory, legal, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees and expenses, reorganization and restructuring costs, litigation defense costs, severance/employee benefit-related expenses, filing fees, printing expenses and other related charges. There are also a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated in connection with our corporate transactions. There are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or timing of expenses related to such transactions. These costs and expenses could reduce the benefits and income we expect to achieve from our corporate transactions. 
 We may, in the future, require additional capital to help fund all or part of potential corporate transactions and strategic opportunities. If, at the time required, we do not have sufficient cash to finance those additional capital needs, we will need to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing. We cannot guarantee that, if and when needed, additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If additional capital is needed and is either unavailable or cost prohibitive, our growth may be limited as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of, or eliminate, our expansion plans. In addition, any additional financing we undertake could impose additional covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility, and, if we issue equity securities to raise capital, our existing stockholders may experience dilution or the new securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock. 
 
 We have entered into, and may enter into further, joint ventures and strategic partnerships, which could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our partners or disputes between us and our partners. 
 
 We have entered into, and may enter into further, joint ventures and strategic partnerships, in some of which we may not hold controlling interests or operating control. Even if we legally control such ventures, there may be circumstances under which we would not exercise sole decision-making authority regarding their business. Joint ventures and strategic partnerships may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were we were in sole control or another party were involved. Joint venture and strategic partners may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, because neither we nor the partner would have full control over the venture. Disputes between us and joint venture and strategic partners may result in legal action that would increase our expenses and divert management's attention. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our joint venture or strategic partners. 
 19 

We may seek strategic opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 
 We may consider strategic opportunities outside of our management s areas of expertise if an attractive transaction or target is presented to us and we determine that represents an advantageous opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular opportunity, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a strategic transaction counterparty. 
 
 Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. 
 
 We continue to expand our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 
 In pursuing strategic opportunities and corporate transactions, we may incur various costs and liabilities and we may never realize the anticipated benefits of such opportunities. 
 If attractive opportunities become available, we may continue to pursue strategic transactions, products or technologies that we believe are strategically advantageous to us. Transactions of this sort could involve numerous risks, including: 
 unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures arising from the process of integrating any new business, product or technology, including related personnel; 
 diversion of a significant amount of management s attention from the ongoing development of our business; 
 dilution of existing stockholders ownership interest in us; 
 incurrence of additional debt; 
 exposure to additional operational risk and liability, including risks arising from the operating history of any new or modified businesses; 
 entry into markets and geographic areas where we have limited or no experience; 
 loss of key employees; 
 adverse effects on our relationships with suppliers and customers; and 
 adverse effects on any existing relationships, including suppliers and customers. 
 Furthermore, we may not be successful in identifying appropriate strategic transaction candidates or consummating transactions on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all. 
 When we pursue new strategic opportunities or corporate transactions, our due diligence reviews are subject to inherent uncertainties and may not reveal all potential risks. We may therefore fail to discover or inaccurately assess undisclosed or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for which we may have responsibility. As a successor, we may be responsible for any past or continuing violations of law by the seller or the target company, including violations of decency laws. Although we generally attempt to seek contractual protections, such as representations and warranties and indemnities, we cannot be sure that we will obtain such provisions in our transactions or that such provisions will fully protect us from all unknown, contingent or other liabilities or costs. Finally, claims against us relating to any transaction may necessitate our seeking claims against counterparties for which they may not indemnify us or that may exceed the scope, duration or amount of their indemnification obligations. 
 
 The success of our business may depends in part on achieving our strategic objectives, including through strategic transactions, dispositions and new initiatives. 
 
 Strategic transactions have been, and are expected to continue to be, part of our strategy, and may include dispositions of assets and businesses. We may not achieve expected returns and benefits in connection with this strategy as a result of various factors, including transition challenges, such as operational, personnel and technology platform changes. In addition, we may not achieve the full economic benefits anticipated to result from such transactions. 
 
 20 

Further, dispositions and strategic transactions may distract our management s time and attention and disrupt our ongoing business operations or relationships with customers, employees, suppliers or other parties. We continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us achieve our strategic objectives, and to view strategic transactions as a key part of our growth strategy. 
 
 If we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding attractive terms or buyers or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than we had anticipated, or with the exclusion of select assets. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, transition service agreements, guarantees, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the acquired or divested business, or other conditions outside our control, could affect our future financial results. 
 Our strategic opportunities and corporate transactions may result in disruptions in our business and diversion of management s attention. 
 Any strategic opportunities or corporate transactions could require changes to our operations, products and/or personnel. Such transactions may disrupt our operations and divert management s attention from day-to-day operations, which could impair our relationships with current employees, customers and partners. We may also incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for the costs of any strategic opportunities or corporate transactions. These issuances could be substantially dilutive to our stockholders. In addition, our profitability may suffer because of transaction-related costs. If management is unable to successfully manage new business opportunities, products or personnel, we may not receive the benefits of our strategic opportunities or corporate transactions, and our revenues and stock trading price may decrease. 
 We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our strategic opportunities or corporate transactions or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. 
 Our ability to realize anticipated benefits of our strategic opportunities and corporate transactions depends, to a large extent, on our ability to implement changes that facilitate such opportunities and realize anticipated streamlining and synergies. We generally expect to benefit from streamlining, through reduced costs or outsourcing of responsibilities to third parties, and operational synergies from consolidation of capabilities and greater efficiencies from increased scale and market integration. However, this process may preclude or impede realization of the benefits expected from strategic opportunities or corporate transactions and could adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot be certain that we will not be required to implement further realignment activities, make additions or other changes to our workforce based on other cost reduction measures or changes in the markets and industry in which we compete. In addition, future business conditions and events may impact our ability to continue to realize any benefits of these initiatives. If we are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of our transactions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 Any future strategic opportunities or corporate transactions may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Future strategic opportunities or corporate transactions may not be accretive to our earnings per share. Our expectations regarding the timeframe in which such transactions may become accretive to our earnings per share may not be realized. In addition, we could fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in such transactions or experience delays or inefficiencies in realizing such benefits. Such factors could, combined with the potential issuance of shares of our common stock in connection with any such transactions, result in them being dilutive to our earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our senior secured credit agreement contains various covenants, restrictions and required financial ratios and tests that limit our operating flexibility. The violation of one or more of these covenants, ratios or tests could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our senior secured credit agreement contains covenants that limit our actions. These covenants could materially and adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities that may be in our best interests. The covenants restrict our ability to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 
 make loans and investments; 
 enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries abilities to pay dividends; 
 create liens; 
 21 

sell or otherwise dispose of assets; 
 enter new lines of business; 
 merge or consolidate with other entities; and 
 engage in transactions with affiliates. 
 The senior secured credit agreement also contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain a specified maximum total gross leverage ratio. In December 2022 and February 2023, we made payments of 25 million and 45 million, respectively, for total payments of 70 million since the third amendment of our credit agreement in December 2022, providing us with waivers of the total net leverage ratio covenant through the second quarter of 2024 and resulting in the elimination of cash maintenance covenants, the lenders board observer rights and applicable additional margin provided for under the credit agreement, as amended through February 2023. 
 The covenants in our senior secured credit agreement place significant restrictions on the manner in which we may operate our business, and our ability to meet these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and if such events occur, we cannot be sure that we will be able to comply. 
 
 In addition, we are required to assess our ability to continue as a going concern as part of our preparation of financial statements at each quarter-end. This assessment includes, among other things, our ability to comply with the covenants and requirements under our senior secured credit agreement. If in future periods we are not able to demonstrate that we will be in compliance with the financial covenant requirements in our credit agreement for at least 12 months following the date of the financial statements, management could conclude there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and the audit opinion that we would receive from our independent registered public accounting firm would include an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Such an opinion could cause us to be in breach of the covenants in our senior secured credit agreement and other of our agreements. 
 If we fail to satisfy any of the foregoing covenants, the lenders could declare the outstanding principal amount of our senior secured credit agreement, including accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts owing and payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 If we do not adequately adopt and manage our reporting and enterprise systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 We are in the process of adopting and implementing new systems and processes across our businesses, which will allow us to execute our business plan and comply with regulations. We will need to continue to improve existing and implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to manage our business effectively in the future. As a result, we have licensed new enterprise systems and have begun a process to expand and upgrade our operational and financial systems. If the systems we have chosen do not fit our business appropriately or if there are material delays in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, our new or enhanced systems, procedures or internal controls, our ability to realize the benefits and value of the systems as anticipated, operate our business as intended, achieve accuracy in the conversion of electronic data and records, and/or report financial and management information, could be adversely affected. As a result of the conversion from prior systems and processes, data integrity problems may be discovered that if not corrected could impact our business or financial results. In addition, as we add functionality to the enterprise systems and complete implementations across our businesses, new issues could arise that we have not foreseen. Such issues could adversely affect our ability to do, among other things, the following in a timely manner: provide quotes; take customer orders; ship products; provide services and support to our customers; bill and track our customers; fulfill contractual obligations; and otherwise run our business. Failure to properly or adequately address these issues could result in the diversion of management s attention and resources, impact our ability to manage our business and negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 
 A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products, impair our ability to provide our products or increase the cost of providing our products. 
 Demand for our products can be significantly adversely affected in the U.S., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term change, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis and earthquakes); health concerns, such as pandemics; international, political or military developments; and terrorist attacks. These events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability to provide our products or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to these events. An incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide products and content. Moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents reduces the profitability of our operations. 
 22 

In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from us, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. A wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected. 
 We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged breach of legal responsibilities. When insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. The types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and we may experience material losses not covered by our insurance. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic. 
 A novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 was first identified in China in December 2019, and was subsequently declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. To date, this pandemic and preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic have caused, and may continue to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas and significant disruption in the financial markets, both globally and in the United States. These events have led to and could continue to lead to a decline in discretionary spending by consumers, and in turn materially impact, our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience a negative impact on our sales, operations and financial results, and we cannot predict the degree to, or the time period over, which our sales, operations and financial results will continue to be subject to risk by the pandemic and preventative measures. Risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to: 
 Deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and globally, including China and Australia; 
 Reduced consumer demand for our products as consumers seek to reduce or delay discretionary spending in response to the impacts of COVID-19, including as a result of a rise in unemployment rates and diminished consumer confidence; 
 Decreased retail traffic as a result of store closures, reduced operating hours, social distancing restrictions and/or changes in consumer behavior; 
 Disruption of our ability to complete or find new licensing deals and commercial collaborations; 
 The risk that any safety protocols in our facilities will not be effective or not be perceived as effective, or that any virus-related illnesses will be linked or alleged to be linked to such facilities, whether accurate or not; 
 Incremental costs resulting from the adoption of preventative measures, including providing facial coverings and hand sanitizer, rearranging operations to follow social distancing protocols, conducting temperature checks and undertaking regular and thorough disinfecting of surfaces; 
 Inventory shortages caused by a combination of increased demand for our products and longer lead-times in the manufacturing and delivery of our products, due to work restrictions related to COVID-19, import/export conditions such as port congestion, and local government orders; 
 Disruption to our distribution centers and our third-party manufacturing partners and other vendors, including through the effects of facility closures, reductions in operating hours, labor shortages, and real time changes in operating procedures, including for additional cleaning and disinfection procedures; 
 Bankruptcies or other financial difficulties facing our wholesale customers or licensing partners, which could cause them to be unable to make or delay making payments to us, or result in cancellation or reduction of their orders or licensing agreements; 
 Impacts to our distribution and logistics providers ability to operate or increases in their operating costs. These supply chain effects may have an adverse effect on our ability to meet consumer demand, including digital demand, and could result in an increase in our costs of production and distribution, including increased freight and logistics costs and other expenses; and 
 Significant disruption of and volatility in global financial markets, which could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital in the future. 
 23 

We continue to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic and have made certain assumptions regarding the pandemic for purposes of our operating, financial and tax planning projections, including assumptions regarding the duration and severity of the pandemic and the global macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic. However, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition due to the uncertainty of future developments. Even in those regions where our businesses recover, should those regions fail to fully contain COVID-19 or suffer a COVID-19 relapse, those markets may not recover as quickly or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The pandemic may also affect our business, operations or financial condition in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Risk Factors section, which could have a material effect on us. 
 Global economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The uncertain state of the global economy continues to impact businesses around the world. If global economic and financial market conditions further deteriorate or do not improve, the following factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition: 
 Our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers. Declines in consumer spending may result in reduced demand for our products, increased inventories, reduced orders from retailers for our products, order cancellations, lower revenues, higher discounts and lower gross margins. 
 In the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so. 
 We conduct transactions in various currencies, which creates exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar. Continued volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and contracts in foreign currencies could have a significant impact on our reported operating results and financial condition. 
 As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant. Adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general tightening of the availability of credit, decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, increased energy costs, acts of war or terrorism, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels of unemployment or significant declines in stock markets, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases, could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending. 
 Continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain (such as cotton or petroleum derivatives) could have a material adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability. 
 If retailers of our products experience declining revenues or experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase our products, this could result in reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, late retailer payments, extended payment terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense. 
 If licensees or retailers of our products experience severe financial difficulty, including becoming insolvent or ceasing business operations, this could negatively impact the sale of our products to consumers and the ability of such licensees or retailers to make required payments to us. 
 Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for entertainment and leisure activities can be affected by changes in the economy and consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, sustained high levels of unemployment, and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions, may reduce our users disposable income or result in fewer individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, including lifestyle experiences such as casino gaming, and lower spending on sexual wellness, apparel or beauty products. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant. 
 If contract manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase raw materials or to finance capital equipment and other general working capital needs, it may result in delays or non-delivery of shipments of our products. 
 24 

We derive, and expect to continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from China, our business development plans, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in China. A slowdown in economic growth in China, such as due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely impact our licensees in China, prospective customers, suppliers, distributors and partners of our licensees in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a deterioration in trade relations between the U.S. and China or other countries, or the negative perception of U.S. brands by Chinese or other international consumers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. There is no guarantee that economic downturns, any further decrease in economic growth rates or an otherwise uncertain economic outlook in China will not persist in the future, that they will not be protracted or that governments will respond adequately to control and reverse such conditions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have a material amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, including our trademarks, recorded on our balance sheet. As a result of changes in market conditions and declines in the estimated fair value of these assets, we have in the past, and we may in the future, be required to further write down a portion of this goodwill and other intangible assets and such write-down could, as applicable, have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, goodwill was 270.6 million, or approximately 29 of our total consolidated assets, and trademarks and other intangible assets represented approximately 418.4 million, or approximately 45 of our total consolidated assets. Under current U.S. GAAP accounting standards, goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including some of our trademarks, are not amortized, but instead are subject to impairment evaluation based on related estimated fair values, with such testing to be done at least annually. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, as a result of impacts to our revenue attributable to macroeconomic factors, we recorded non-cash asset impairment charges related to the write-down of goodwill of 133.8 million and trademarks and other intangible assets of 170.1 million. No impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill was 123.2 million, or approximately 22 of our total consolidated assets, and trademarks and other intangible assets were 236.3 million, or approximately 43 of our total consolidated assets. 
 
 There can be no assurance that any future downturn in the business of any of our segments, or a continued decrease in our market capitalization, will not result in a further write-down of goodwill or other intangibles. We will review our goodwill, trademarks, digital assets and other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Any write-down of intangible assets resulting from future periodic evaluations could, as applicable, have a material effect on our financial results. 
 Additional Risks Related to Our Licensing and Direct-to-Consumer Businesses 
 We utilize various licensing and selling models in our operations, and our success is dependent on our ability to manage these different models. 
 In addition to the licensing model, we operate online and brick-and-mortar retail stores and we produce and sell directly to customers. Although we believe these various models could have certain benefits, these models could themselves be unsuccessful and our beliefs could turn out to be wrong. Moreover, our pursuit of these different models could divert management s attention and other resources, including time and capital. As a result, our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully manage these multiple models. If we are unable to do so, our performance, financial condition and prospects could be adversely impacted. 
 Risks that impact our business as a whole may also impact the success of our direct-to-consumer, or DTC, business. 
 We may not successfully execute on our DTC strategy (which includes our online and brick-and-mortar retail platforms). Consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of DTC products, potentially exacerbated by an economic downturn. Government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations, may impact the implementation of our DTC business plans. Poor quality broadband infrastructure in certain markets may impact our customers access to our DTC products and may diminish our customers experience with our DTC products. These and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our DTC businesses. 
 
 The agency relationship for our consumer brands licensing business may not ultimately be successful. 
 We currently engage an agency to act as our global products licensing agent. In the event we need to engage a new agency to act as our global products licensing agent, the transition from the current licensing agent to a new global products licensing agent may be subject to delays, as the new global agent may lack institutional knowledge of our consumer brand licensing business, and there may be unanticipated issues arising from the new relationship and the transition. The failure of our global agent to find or maintain revenue-enhancing licensing opportunities for the business could have an adverse impact on the revenue and cash flows of our consumer business. 
 25 

Our growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain customers and subscribers, and the loss of customers or subscribers, failure to attract new customers and subscribers in a cost-effective manner, or failure to effectively manage our growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our ability to achieve growth in revenue in the future will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract new customers and subscribers to our offerings, retain existing customers and subscribers of our offerings and reactivate customers and subscribers in a cost-effective manner. Achieving such growth may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts, some or all of which may not provide a material return on investment. We have used and expect to continue to use a variety of free and paid marketing channels, in combination with compelling offers and opportunities to achieve our objectives. For paid marketing, we intend to leverage a broad array of advertising channels, including billboards, radio, social media platforms, planes, affiliates and paid and organic search, and other digital channels, such as search and mobile display. If the search engines and other digital platforms on which we rely modify their algorithms, change their terms, including with respect to cookies, data and/or privacy controls, or if the prices at which we use such services increase, then our costs could increase, and fewer customers and subscribers may reach our use our platforms. If links to our platforms are not displayed prominently in online search results or on social media, if fewer customers or subscribers click through to our platforms, if our other marketing campaigns are not effective, or if the costs of attracting customers and subscribers using any of our current methods significantly increase, then our ability to efficiently attract new customers and subscribers could be reduced, our revenue could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Additionally, as technological or regulatory standards change and we modify our offerings to comply with those standards, we may need customers and subscribers to take certain actions to continue accessing our platforms, such as performing age verification checks or accepting new terms and conditions. Customers and subscribers may be deterred from using our offerings at any time, including if the quality of their experience, including our support capabilities in the event of a problem, does not meet their expectations or keep pace with the quality of the customer experience generally offered by competitive offerings. 
 
 If we are unable to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer demand or shopping patterns, our sales may decline and we may write-down inventory. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, preferences, and shopping patterns, which cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to continual change and evolution. If we are unable to provide a retail experience that aligns with consumer expectations and preferences, it could have an adverse impact on our revenues, business and results of operations. 
 
 We often make advance commitments to purchase products, which may make it more difficult for us to adapt to rapidly-evolving changes in consumer preferences. Furthermore, supply chain challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors have made it more difficult to obtain certain in-demand products at the right times. Our sales could decline significantly if we misjudge the market for our new merchandise, which may result in significant merchandise markdowns and lower margins, missed opportunities for other products, or inventory write-downs, and could have a negative impact on our reputation, profitability and demand. Failure to meet stockholder expectations, particularly with respect to earnings, sales, and operating margins, could also result in volatility in the market value of our stock. 
 
 We record a charge for product inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable value. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we record a write-down by the amount for which costs exceed net realizable value. No assurance can be given that we will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the direct-to-consumer markets in which we compete. For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, we recorded non-cash inventory reserve charges of 4.2 million. 
 Our business depends on consumer purchases of discretionary items, which can be negatively impacted during an economic downturn or periods of inflation. This could materially impact our sales, profitability and financial condition. 
 
 Many of our products may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Many factors impact discretionary spending, including general economic conditions, unemployment, the availability of consumer credit and inflationary pressures and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Global economic conditions may continue to be uncertain, particularly in light of the impacts of COVID-19, and the potential impacts of increasing inflation in the United States (our largest market) remain unknown, making trends in consumer discretionary spending unpredictable. Historically, consumer purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is lower or during other periods of economic instability or uncertainty, which may lead to declines in sales and slow our long-term growth expectations. Any near or long-term economic disruptions in markets where we sell our products, particularly in the United States, China or other key markets, may adversely impact our sales, profitability and financial condition and our prospects for growth. In addition, as pandemic conditions improve and restrictions ease, we are unable to predict whether consumer preferences for discretionary items will shift and the level of consumer spending within our industry will be negatively impacted for a period of time. If this were to occur, our sales and prospects for growth may be negatively impacted. 
 
 26 

A substantial portion of our licensing revenue is concentrated with a limited number of licensees and retail partners, such that the loss of a licensee or retail partner could materially decrease our revenue and cash flows. 
 Our licensing revenues are concentrated with a limited number of licensees and retail partners. For instance, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the five largest license agreements comprised 18 and 20 of consolidated revenues, respectively, and the largest licensee contributed 8 and 9 of consolidated revenues, respectively, during those years. Because we are dependent on these licensees for a significant portion of our licensing revenue, if any of these licensees were to have financial difficulties affecting their ability to make payments, cease operations, or if any of these licensees decides not to renew or extend any existing agreements, or to significantly reduce its sales of licensed products under any agreement, we could be required to adjust how we account for revenue pursuant to such licenses, and our revenue and cash flows could be reduced substantially, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or business. 
 Our wholesale licensing arrangements subject us to a number of risks. 
 We have entered into several arrangements in connection with our licensing strategy. Although we believe our licensing arrangements may have certain benefits, these arrangements are subject to a number of risks and our beliefs could turn out to be wrong. If any of these risks occur and we do not achieve the intended or expected benefits of our licensing strategy, our results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 The terms of our licensing arrangements vary. These different terms could have a material impact on our performance. These effects on our performance could become increasingly significant in future periods, to the extent our new licensees gain traction over time with new retailers and consumer bases and the proportion of our royalty revenues from these licensees increases, or if we pursue similar arrangements in the future. 
 Additionally, in licensing arrangements, we have limited ability to control various aspects of the manufacturing process, including access to raw materials, the timing of delivery of finished products, the quality of finished products and manufacturing costs. Our licensees may not be able to produce finished products of the quality or in the quantities that are sufficient to meet retailer and consumer demand in a timely manner or at all, which could result in an inability to generate revenues from any such products and loss of confidence in our brands. Interruptions or delays in the manufacturing process can occur at any time and for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside our control, including, among others, unforecasted spikes in demand, shortages of raw materials, labor disputes, backlogs, insufficient devotion of resources to the manufacture of products bearing our brands, or problems that may arise with manufacturing operations or facilities or our licensees businesses generally. On the other hand, our licensees may produce inventory in excess of retailer and consumer demand, in which case over-supply may cause retail prices of products bearing our brands to decline. Further, we compete with other brand owners for the time and resources of our licensees, which could curtail or limit our ability to engage new or maintain relationships with existing licensee partners on acceptable terms or at all. Further, the unplanned loss of any of our wholesale licensees could lead to inadequate market coverage for retail sales of products bearing our brands, create negative impressions of us and our brands with retailers and consumers, and add downward pricing pressure on products bearing our brands as a result of liquidating a former wholesaler s inventory of such products. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely impact our reputation, performance and financial condition. 
 We rely on the accuracy of our licensees sales reports for reporting and collecting our royalty revenues, and if these reports are untimely or incorrect, our revenues could be delayed or inaccurately reported or collected. 
 Most of our licensing royalty revenues are generated from retailers that manufacture and sell products bearing our brands in their stores and on their websites, and from wholesalers that manufacture and distribute products bearing our brands and sell these products to retailers. In addition, we generate revenues from licensees that sell products that we have developed and designed. Under our existing agreements, our licensees pay us fees based on their sales of products or, for some of our wholesale licensees, based on their manufacturing costs. As a result, we rely on our licensees to accurately report their sales or costs in collecting our license and design fees, preparing our financial reports, projections and budgets and directing our sales and marketing efforts. Although all of our agreements permit us to audit our licensees, if any of them understate their sales or costs, we may not collect and recognize the royalty revenues to which we are entitled on a timely basis or at all, or we may endure significant expense to obtain compliance. 
 The failure of licensees to adequately produce, market, import and sell products bearing Playboy s trademarks in their license categories, continue their operations, renew their license agreements or pay their obligations under their license agreements could result in a decline in the results of operations of our business. 
 A significant part of our revenues depends on royalty payments made to us pursuant to license agreements. Although the license agreements for our trademarks usually require the advance payment of a portion of the license fees and, in most cases, provide for guaranteed minimum royalty payments to us, the failure of licensees to satisfy their obligations under these agreements, or their inability to operate successfully or at all, could result in their breach and/or the early termination of such agreements, their non-renewal of such agreements or the decision to amend such agreements to reduce the guaranteed minimum royalty payments or sales royalties due thereunder, thereby eliminating some or all of that stream of revenue. 
 27 

There can be no assurances that we will not lose the licensees under our license agreements due to their failure to exercise the option to renew or extend the term of those agreements or the cessation of their business operations (as a result of their financial difficulties or otherwise) without equivalent options for replacement. Any of such failures could reduce the anticipated revenue stream to be generated by the license agreements. In addition, the failure of licensees to meet their production, manufacturing and distribution requirements, or to be able to continue to import goods (including, without limitation, as a result of labor strikes or unrest), could cause a decline in their sales and potentially decrease the amount of royalty payments (over and above the guaranteed minimum royalty payments) due to us. Any decrease in royalties for any of the above reasons could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or business. 
 Further, the failure of licensees and/or their third party manufacturers, which we do not control, to adhere to local laws, industry standards and practices generally accepted in the United States in areas of worker safety, worker rights of association, social compliance, and general health and welfare, could result in accidents and practices that cause disruptions or delays in production and/or adversely impact the reputation of our trademarks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of our business. A weak economy or softness in sectors of licensees of our consumer business could exacerbate this risk. This, in turn, could decrease our potential revenues and cash flows. 
 We rely on third parties to help operate certain aspects of our e-commerce business. If these third parties fail to perform, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 We are dependent on information technology systems and third parties to operate certain of our e-commerce and subscription websites, process transactions, respond to customer inquiries and maintain cost-efficient operations. The failure of our information technology systems to operate properly or effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or difficulty in integrating new systems, could adversely affect our business. Our information technology systems, websites, and operations of third parties on whom we rely, may encounter damage or disruption or slowdown caused by a failure to successfully upgrade systems, system failures, viruses, computer hackers , natural disasters, pandemics, or other causes. These could cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed which could result in delays in the delivery of products to our customers or lost sales, which could reduce demand for our products and cause our sales to decline. Any significant disruption in our information technology systems or websites could adversely impact our reputation and credibility and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships expose us to risks. 
 We provide physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other products and content to businesses through commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and business relationships. These arrangements are complex and require substantial infrastructure capacity, personnel, and other resource commitments, which may limit the amount of business we can service. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships, which may include web services, fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, hardware, content, and third-party software, and engaging third parties to perform services. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of our commercial agreements is partially dependent on the volume of the other company s sales. Therefore, when the other company s offerings are not successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional or alternative commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these products and content if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining, or developing these products and content. 
 As our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our present and future e-commerce services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional risks such as: 
 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 
 impairment of other relationships; 
 variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and 
 difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. 
 28 

We may be subject to product liability claims when people or property are harmed by the products we sell or manufacture. 
 Some of the products we sell or manufacture may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or illness, death, or environmental or property damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Third parties who sell products using our platforms and stores increase our exposure to product liability claims, such as when these sellers do not have sufficient protection from such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to prohibit sales of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such agreements. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. 
 Our consumer business is subject to additional risks associated with our international licensees. 
 Many of the licensees of our consumer business are located outside the U.S. Our consumer business and our licensees face numerous risks in doing business outside the U.S., including: (i) unusual or burdensome foreign laws or regulatory requirements or unexpected changes to those laws or requirements; (ii) tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes, sanctions and other trade barriers; (iii) competition from foreign companies; (iv) longer accounts receivable collection cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; (v) less effective and less predictable protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights; (vi) changes in the political or economic condition of a specific country or region (including, without limitation, as a result of political unrest), particularly in emerging markets or jurisdictions where political events may strongly influence consumer spending; (vii) fluctuations in the value of foreign currency versus the U.S. dollar, the cost of currency exchange and compliance with exchange controls; (viii) potentially adverse tax consequences; and (ix) cultural differences in the conduct of business. Any one or more of such factors could cause the future international sales of licensees to decline. In addition, the business practices of our consumer business in international markets are subject to the requirements of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and all other applicable anti-bribery laws, any violation of which could subject us to significant fines, criminal sanctions and other penalties. The occurrence of any of the above risks and uncertainties could result in a material adverse effect on our consumer business s financial condition, results of operations or business. 
 Additional Risks Related to Our Digital Subscriptions and Content Business 
 Free content on the internet and competition from free platforms and other social media and content-creator sites is increasing competition for our adult content products and creator platform and is changing the dynamics of the marketplace for our digital products. 
 Demand for our paid adult content products and our creator platform is significantly impacted by the availability of free adult entertainment available on the Internet, YouTube-like adult video sites (commonly known as tube sites ), as well as from social media platforms and other subscription-based content-creator sites. Such other sites and platforms feature free adult videos, some of which consist of unlicensed, or pirated, excerpts of professionally produced adult movies (including at times pirated versions of our proprietary videos). Other content-creator sites allow consumers to subscribe for content from specific creators, many of which offer adult-oriented content. The availability of these free adult videos and creator-specific subscriptions may diminish the demand for our paid video offerings on our proprietary websites, including our content creator platform on playboy.com , playboy.tv and playboyplus.com , and for our other content products, and has diluted the market presence of our website. The tube sites, social media platforms and other content-creator sites may materially affect the revenues we generate from our websites and other adult content offerings. It is uncertain what affect tube sites, other free internet adult websites and competing content-creator sites will have on our on-going operations and our future financial results. No assurance can be given that we will be able to effectively compete against the tube sites and other internet products. 
 Failure to maintain our agreements with multiple system operators, or MSOs, and direct-to-home, or DTH, operators on favorable terms could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We currently have agreements with many of the largest MSOs in the U.S. and internationally. Our agreements with these operators may be terminated on short notice without penalty. If one or more MSOs or DTH operators terminate or do not renew these agreements, or do not renew them on terms as favorable as those of current agreements, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 29 

In addition, competition among television programming providers is intense for both channel space and viewer spending. Our competition varies in both the type and quality of programming offered, but consists primarily of other premium pay platforms, such as general-interest premium channels, and other adult movie pay platforms. We compete with other pay platforms as we attempt to obtain or renew carriage with DTH operators and individual cable affiliates, negotiate fee arrangements with these operators, negotiate for video-on-demand, or VOD, and subscription video-on-demand rights and market our programming through these operators to consumers. The competition with programming providers has intensified as a result of consolidation in the DTH and cable systems industries, which has resulted in fewer, but larger, operators. Competition has also intensified with VOD s lower cost of entry for programmers compared to linear networks and with capacity constraints disappearing. The impact of industry consolidation, any decline in our access to and acceptance by DTH and/or cable systems and the possible resulting deterioration in the terms of agreements, cancellation of fee arrangements or pressure on margin splits with operators of these systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Limits on our access to satellite transponders could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our cable television and DTH operations require continued access to satellite transponders to transmit programming to cable and DTH operators. Material limitations on our access to these systems or satellite transponder capacity could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our access to transponders may also be restricted or denied if: 
 we or the satellite transponder providers are indicted or otherwise charged as a defendant in a criminal proceeding; 
 the Federal Communications Commission issues an order initiating a proceeding to revoke the satellite owner s authorization to operate the satellite; 
 the satellite transponder providers are ordered by a court or governmental authority to deny us access to the transponder; 
 we are deemed by a governmental authority to have violated any obscenity law; or 
 the satellite transponder providers fail to provide the required services. 
 In addition to the above, the access of Playboy TV and the Playboy Channel and our other networks to transponders may be restricted or denied if a governmental authority commences an investigation or makes an adverse finding concerning the content of their transmissions. Technical failures may also affect our satellite transponder providers ability to deliver transmission services. 
 There has been a shift in consumer behavior as a result of technological innovations and changes in the distribution of content, which may affect our viewership and the profitability of our content business in unpredictable ways. 
 Technology and business models in our industry continue to evolve rapidly. Changes to these business models include the increasing presence of user-generated content, streaming platforms and the greater video consumption through time-delayed or time-shifted viewing of television programming through social media and content creation sites, streaming platforms, on-demand platforms, and digital video recorder, or DVRs. Consumer behavior related to changes in content distribution and technological innovation affect our economic model and viewership in ways that are not entirely predictable. 
 Consumers are increasingly viewing content on a time-delayed or on-demand basis from traditional distributors and from streaming and social media platforms, connected apps and websites and on a wide variety of screens, such as televisions, tablets, mobile phones and other devices. Additionally, devices that allow users to view television programs on a time-shifted basis and technologies that enable users to fast-forward or skip programming, including commercials, such as DVRs and portable digital devices and systems that enable users to store or make portable copies of content may affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. There is increased demand for short-form, user-generated and interactive content, which have different economic models than our traditional content offerings. Likewise, distributors are offering smaller programming packages known as skinny bundles and content-creator platforms allow for a la carte consumption, both of which are delivered at a lower cost than traditional subscription offerings and sometimes allow consumers to create a customized package of content, that are gaining popularity among consumers. If our networks are not included in these packages or consumers favor alternative offerings, we may experience a decline in viewership or content consumption and ultimately the demand for our programming and content, which could lead to lower revenues. 
 In order to respond to changes in content distribution models in our industry, we have invested in, developed and launched DTC products (including our online retail stores) and our content creator platform. There can be no assurance, however, that our viewers will respond to our DTC products and services or that our DTC strategy will be successful, particularly given the increase in DTC products and platforms on the market. Each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us, so the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not completely predictable. Distribution windows are also evolving, potentially affecting revenues from other windows. If we cannot ensure that our distribution methods and content are responsive to our target audiences, our business could be adversely affected. 
 30 

Our digital content business involves risks of liability claims for media content, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As a distributor of media content, we may face potential liability for: 
 defamation; 
 invasion of privacy; 
 negligence; 
 copyright or trademark infringement; and 
 other claims based on the nature and content of the materials distributed. 
 These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against broadcasters, publishers, online providers and other disseminators of media content. We could also be exposed to liability in connection with material available through our websites, including our creator platform. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, measures to reduce our exposure to liability in connection with material available through our websites could require us to take steps that would substantially limit the attractiveness of our websites and/or their availability in various geographic areas, which would negatively affect their ability to generate revenues. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 If we are not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq, Nasdaq could delist our common stock. 
 
 Our common stock is currently listed on Nasdaq. In order to maintain such listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to continue to comply with applicable listing standards. If we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq's listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. If Nasdaq delists our common stock, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 loss of eligibility to use or rely on our existing and/or any new registration statements on Form S-3; 
 a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 RT owns a significant percentage of our common stock, and it may effectively control all major corporate decisions and its interests may conflict with your interests as an owner of our common stock and with our interests. 
 RT beneficially owned approximately 29.8 of our common stock as of March 10, 2023. Under the terms of an Investor Rights Agreement we entered into with RT, RT has the right, but not the obligation, to nominate to the Company's board of directors (the "Board") a number of designees equal to (i) three directors, if and so long as RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 50 or more of the shares of our common stock, (ii) two directors, in the event that RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 35 or more, but less than 50 , of the shares of common stock and (iii) one director, in the event that RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 15 or more, but less than 35 , of the shares of our common stock (in each case, subject to proportional adjustment in the event that the size of the Board is increased or decreased following the Closing). RT also has the right to appoint the chairman of the Board so long as RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 15 or more of the shares of common stock. We anticipate that Suhail Rizvi, our current chairman of the Board and a manager of the RT entities, will continue to serve as RT's designee on the Board and chairman of the Board. 
 On January 30, 2023, we entered into a standstill agreement (the Standstill Agreement with RT in connection with the Company s rights offering that closed in February 2023. Pursuant to the Standstill Agreement, among other limitations, RT and their affiliates agreed not to purchase shares of our common stock to the extent that RT and their affiliates ownership would exceed 29.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock in the aggregate following any acquisition of common stock during the standstill period. The standstill period means any period from and after January 30, 2023 in which RT and their affiliates collectively own, beneficially or of record, more than 14.9 of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 31 

The directors RT elects have the authority to incur additional debt, issue or repurchase stock, declare dividends and make other decisions that could be detrimental to stockholders. Even though RT may own or control less than a majority of our total outstanding shares of our common stock, it is able to influence the outcome of corporate actions so long as it owns a significant portion of our total outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 RT may have interests that are different from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and that may be adverse to your interests. In addition, RT s concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their common stock. 
 
 Additionally, RT is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us or supply us with goods and services. RT may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. Stockholders should consider that the interests of RT may differ from their interests in material respects. 
 The market price of the Company s common stock is likely to be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 The market price of Company s common stock is likely to be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 
 the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business; 
 the inability to obtain or maintain the listing of our shares of common stock on Nasdaq; 
 the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of any strategic opportunities or corporate transactions, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, our ability to grow and manage growth profitably, and our ability to retain our key employees; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 risks relating to the uncertainty of our projected financial information; and 
 risks related to the organic and inorganic growth of our business and the timing of expected business milestones. 
 In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively affect the market price of the Company s common stock, regardless of the Company s actual operating performance. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us. If securities or industry analysts initiate coverage and one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our company, our common stock share price would likely decline. If analysts publish target prices for our common stock that are below the historical sales prices for our common stock on a securities exchange or the then-current public price of our common stock, it could cause our stock price to decline significantly. Further, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could adversely impact our business. 
 
 32 

Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole source of gain. 
 
 We currently anticipate we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and does not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our shares of common stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment in such shares for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 On June 10, 2022, the SEC declared effective our resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264515), pursuant to which certain existing stockholders of the Company are able to sell up to 30,534,974 shares of common stock in the public market. Such registration statement replaced the separate resale registration statements on Form S-1 we previously filed with the SEC in 2021. 
 
 On September 13, 2022, the SEC declared effective our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267273), pursuant to which we registered up to 250 million of primary issuances of certain securities listed in such registration statement. On January 24, 2023, we took down 16.25 million of such shelf registration for the issuance of 6,357,341 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of investors. We also completed a rights offering in February 2023, pursuant to which we took down 50 million of the shelf registration for the issuance of 19,561,050 shares of common stock. Accordingly, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, up to 183.75 million of securities could be issued pursuant to the unused portion of the shelf registration. 
 
 We also have registered on Forms S-8 a total of 11,560,383 shares of common stock underlying awards that we have issued, or may in the future issue, under our employee equity incentive plans. These shares may be sold freely in the public market upon issuance, or pursuant to the reoffer prospectus in the Forms S-8, as applicable, subject to existing lock-up agreements and relevant vesting schedules, and applicable securities laws. Promptly following the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we intend to register an additional 1,881,507 shares of common stock on another Form S-8 for future issuances under our equity incentive plans. See Note 11, Stockholders Equity Common Stock, for additional information regarding our common stock reserved for future issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The presence of these shares of common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely impact its price. 
 
 Future sales of shares of our common stock may depress our stock price. 
 
 Future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair its ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 
 You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings or other issuances of our shares of common stock. 
 
 In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price you paid for your shares. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by you, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to those purchased by you. Sales of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of common stock will dilute our stockholders ownership in us. 
 33 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of amended and restated incorporation or our bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim related to or involving the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (a) through (d) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction,. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the Unites States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our business. The choice of forum provision requiring that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware be the exclusive forum for certain actions would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Any inability to identify, fund investment in and commercially exploit new technology could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are engaged in businesses that have experienced significant technological changes over the past several years and are continuing to undergo technological changes. Our ability to implement our business plan and to achieve the results projected by management will depend on management s ability to anticipate technological advances and implement strategies to take advantage of future technological changes. Any inability to identify, fund investment in and commercially exploit new technology or the commercial failure of any technology that we pursue, such as Internet and mobile, could result in our businesses becoming burdened by obsolete technology and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are subject to periodic claims and litigation that could result in unexpected expenses and could ultimately be resolved against us. 
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation and other proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, such as the matters described in Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Defending these claims, even those without merit, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert financial and management resources. These claims could also result in significant settlement amounts, damages, fine or other penalties. An unfavorable outcome of any particular proceeding could exceed the limits of our insurance policies or the carriers may decline to fund such final settlements and/or judgments and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us could negatively impact our reputation and our brand image and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, we rely on our employees, consultants and sub-contractors to conduct our operations in compliance with applicable laws and standards. Any violation of such laws or standards by these individuals, whether through negligence, harassment, discrimination or other misconduct, could result in significant liability for us and adversely affect our business. For example, negligent operations by employees could result in serious injury or property damage, and sexual harassment or racial and gender discrimination could result in legal claims and adversely impact our reputation. 
 34 

If we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management and personnel our ability to compete could be adversely impacted. 
 We believe that our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and to operate profitably depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel. If key personnel become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, attract, train and develop other highly qualified personnel, including appropriate technical and engineering employees to support our expanding digital platforms. 
 Competition for these employees can be intense, and our ability to hire, attract and retain them depends on our ability to provide competitive compensation. We may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, including the execution of our global business strategy. Any failure by our management team to perform as expected may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Geopolitical risks, such as those associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine, could result in a decline in the outlook for the U.S. and global economies. 
 
 The uncertain nature, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming from Russia s ongoing military invasion of Ukraine, including the potential effects of sanctions and retaliatory cyber-attacks on the world economy and markets, have contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty, and such geopolitical risks could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors which affect our assets and businesses. 
 We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our results, operations or reputation. 
 Online security breaches could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any well-publicized compromise of security could deter use of the Internet in general or use of the Internet to conduct transactions that involve transmitting confidential information or downloading sensitive materials in particular. In addition to our own sensitive and proprietary business information, we handle transactional and personal information about our consumers and users of our digital experiences, which include online distribution channels and product engagement. In offering products via online payment, we may increasingly rely on technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of confidential information such as customer credit card numbers. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could compromise or breach the algorithms that we use to protect our data and/or our customers data. If third parties are able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate confidential information, we could be subject to liability, which could result in litigation. In addition, experienced programmers or hackers may attempt to misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our product offerings that could require us to expend significant capital and resources to protect against or remediate these problems. We have been the target of "phishing", "spoofing", "social engineering" and other data breach attempts. While we do not believe that our data systems or information technology have been materially breached, we expect that we may continue to be a target for unauthorized access to our systems and technology, including through the use of ransomware. If any such attempts are materially successful in the future, we could be subject to liability which could negatively impact our financial condition and damage our business. 
 
 Increased scrutiny by regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission and state agencies, of the use of customer information could also result in additional expenses if we are obligated to reengineer systems to comply with new regulations or to defend investigations of our privacy practices. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous, and sometimes conflicting, regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which became effective on May 25, 2018; and California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA which became effective on January 1, 2020. The U.S. Children s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) also regulates the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from children under 13-years of age. While none of our content is directed at children under 13-years of age, if COPPA were to apply to us, failure to comply with COPPA may increase our costs, subject us to expensive and distracting government investigations and could result in substantial fines. These laws impose additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provide certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing, proposed and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called for under GDPR and CCPA) and regulations can be costly and time consuming, and any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. 
 Customer interaction with our content is subject to our privacy policy and terms of service. If we fail to comply with our posted privacy policy or terms of service or if we fail to comply with existing privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental authorities or others, which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, impact our financial condition and adversely impact our business. If regulators, the media or consumers raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection practices, even if unfounded, this could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, and negatively impact our financial condition and damage our business. 
 35 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Los Angeles, California, where we lease and occupy approximately 45,000 square feet of office space. Our Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer and Digital Subscriptions and Content segments all use our corporate headquarters. 
 We also lease and occupy approximately 52,000 square feet of combined office and warehouse space in Phoenix, Arizona, housing inventory management and fulfillment operations for our Direct-to-Consumer segment. 
 Pursuant to our acquisition of Lovers in March 2021, we acquired over 25,000 square feet of leased office and warehouse space in Auburn, Washington. As of December 31, 2022, Lovers operated 40 retail locations in five states, ranging in size between 1,472 and 15,000 square feet per location. The Lovers properties are used by our Direct-to-Consumer segment. 
 
 Pursuant to our acquisition of Honey Birdette in August 2021, we also acquired over 15,000 square feet of leased office and warehouse space in the Sydney, Australia area. As of December 31, 2022, Honey Birdette operated 61 retail locations in Australia, the U.S. and the U.K., ranging in size between approximately 400 and 1,200 square feet per location. The Honey Birdette properties are used by our Direct-to-Consumer segment. 
 
 We believe our properties are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used and fit our needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may become involved in additional legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Except for the proceedings below, we are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 TNR Case 
 
 On December 17, 2021, Thai Nippon Rubber Industry Public Limited Company, a manufacturer of condoms and lubricants and a publicly traded Thailand company TNR ), filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Playboy and its subsidiary Products Licensing, LLC. TNR alleges a variety of claims relating to Playboy s termination of a license agreement with TNR and the business relationship between Playboy and TNR prior to such termination. TNR alleges, among other things, breach of contract, unfair competition, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and interference with contractual and business relations due to Playboy s conduct. TNR is seeking over 100 million in damages arising from the loss of expected profits, declines in the value of TNR s business, unsalable inventory and investment losses. After Playboy indicated it would move to dismiss the complaint, TNR received two extensions of time from the court to file an amended complaint. TNR filed its amended complaint on March 16, 2022. On April 25, 2022, Playboy filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. That motion was partially granted, and the court dismissed TNR s claims under California franchise laws without leave to amend. The parties participated in a court-ordered mediation on February 3, 2023, which did not result in any settlement or resolution of the remaining claims asserted by TNR against Playboy. A trial date has been set for September 26, 2023. We believe TNR s claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously. 
 AVS Case 
 
 In March 2020, our subsidiary Playboy Enterprises International, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, PEII terminated its license agreement with a licensee, AVS Products, LLC AVS ), for AVS s failure to make required payments to PEII under the agreement, following notice of breach and an opportunity to cure. On February 6, 2021, PEII received a letter from counsel to AVS alleging that the termination of the contract was improper, and that PEII failed to meet its contractual obligations, preventing AVS from fulfilling its obligations under the license agreement. 
 
 36 

On February 25, 2021, PEII brought suit against AVS in Los Angeles Superior Court to prevent further unauthorized sales of PLAYBOY branded products and for disgorgement of unlawfully obtained funds. On March 1, 2021, PEII also brought a claim in arbitration against AVS for outstanding and unpaid license fees. PEII and AVS subsequently agreed that the claims PEII brought in arbitration would be alleged in the Los Angeles Superior Court case instead, and on April 23, 2021, the parties entered into and filed a stipulation to that effect with the court. On May 18, 2021, AVS filed a demurrer, asking for the court to remove an individual defendant and dismiss PEII s request for a permanent injunction. On June 10, 2021, the court denied AVS s demurrer. AVS filed an opposition to PEII s motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin AVS from continuing to sell or market PLAYBOY branded products on July 2, 2021, which the court denied on July 28, 2021. 
 
 On August 10, 2021, AVS filed a cross-complaint for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, quantum meruit and declaratory relief. As in its February 2021 letter, AVS alleges its license was wrongfully terminated and that PEII failed to approve AVS marketing efforts in a manner that was either timely or that was commensurate with industry practice. AVS is seeking to be excused from having to perform its obligations as a licensee, payment of the value for services rendered by AVS to PEII outside of the license, and damages to be proven at trial. We filed a motion for summary judgment, which is scheduled to be heard by the court on May 19, 2023. Trial is set for January 22, 2024. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. We believe AVS s claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously. 
 
 Indian Harbor Case 
 On October 15, 2018, Playboy Enterprises, Inc. filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court (the Court against its insurer, Indian Harbor Insurance Company Indian Harbor ), captioned Playboy Enterprises, Inc. v. Indian Harbor Insurance Company, for breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and seeking declaratory relief, after Indian Harbor threatened to sue Playboy on an alleged theory of lack of coverage after Indian Harbor paid approximately 4.8 million towards the settlement of claims against Playboy made by Elliot Friedman. Among other things, we are seeking declaratory relief that the underlying claims asserted against Playboy are covered claims under Playboy s insurance policies with Indian Harbor. On December 14, 2018, Indian Harbor filed its answer to the complaint and filed counterclaims against Playboy for declaratory relief that it has no obligation to provide coverage for the underlying claims and that it is entitled to recoup the amounts it paid in the settlement, with interest. Indian Harbor filed a motion for summary judgment, seeking, among other things, summary adjudication that (1) the insurance policy does not provide coverage because the underlying claim was allegedly first made before the policy period of the policy and (2) that Indian Harbor does not have to provide coverage because Playboy allegedly failed to provide timely notice of the claim. On September 9, 2020, the Court denied Indian Harbor s motion, in part, ruling as a matter of law that Playboy had properly reported the underlying claim under the correct policy; but granted the motion as to Playboy s breach of contract and bad faith claims because Indian Harbor ultimately funded the settlement. Based on the summary judgment ruling, the parties agreed to enter into a stipulated judgment in Playboy s favor to advance the issues for appeal, with Indian Harbor intending to appeal the Court s decision as to when the underlying claim was first made. The Court entered the parties stipulated judgment on July 26, 2021. On October 15, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its notice of appeal. On December 13, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its opening appellate brief, and we filed our response on April 14, 2022. Indian Harbor filed its reply brief on July 1, 2022. The parties presented oral arguments in front of the appellate court on September 21, 2022. On October 4, 2022, the California appellate court affirmed the Court s ruling, dismissing Indian Harbor s claims against Playboy. As such ruling was not appealed, this case was finally resolved in Playboy's favor. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 
 PLBY's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol PLBY . Prior to February 10, 2021 and before the completion of the Business Combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp, the common stock of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol MCAC . 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, there were 60 holders of record of our outstanding common stock. In addition to holders of record of our common stock we believe there is a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose common stock is held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 PLBY has not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board and may be affected by various factors, including our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, share repurchase activity, current and future planned strategic growth initiatives, levels of indebtedness, and other considerations our Board deems relevant. In addition, the terms of our New Credit Agreement (defined below) also restrict our ability to pay dividends, and we may also enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that may restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently anticipate we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 See Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K and Note 13, Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information required. 
 
 Stock Price Performance 

The graph above compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s S P 500 index, the S P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index and the Nasdaq Composite index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 in our common stock at the market close on August 27, 2020, which was the first day on which our common stock commenced trading on its own. Data for the S P 500 indices and the Nasdaq Composite index assume reinvestment of dividends. Total return equals stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends. The stock price performance of the graph above is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 38 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On December 2, 2022, we issued 3,312 shares of our common stock to an independent contractor based on a price of 37.7444 per share as payment for services pursuant to the terms of a license, services and collaboration agreement. Such shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as they were issued pursuant to a private placement to an accredited investor. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 
 
 On September 13, 2022, the SEC declared effective our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267273), pursuant to which we registered up to 250 million of primary issuances of certain securities listed in such registration statement. On January 24, 2023, we took down 16.25 million of such shelf registration for the issuance of 6,357,341 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of investors. We received net proceeds of approximately 13.75 million from the registered direct offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses, with such net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, which could include the repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement. We also completed a rights offering in February 2023, pursuant to which we issued 19,561,050 shares of common stock. We received net proceeds of approximately 47.5 million from the rights offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses. We used 40 million of the net proceeds from the rights offering for repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement, and we intend to use the remainder for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had not repurchased any shares of our common stock as authorized pursuant to the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program, which was authorized by the Board of Directors on May 14, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

39 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed March 16, 2022. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 As used herein, we , us , our , the Company and Playboy refer to Playboy Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (defined below) and PLBY Group Inc. and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Business Overview 
 We are a large, global consumer lifestyle company marketing its brands through a wide range of direct-to-consumer products, licensing initiatives, digital subscriptions and content, and online and location-based entertainment. We reach consumers worldwide with products across four key market categories: Sexual Wellness, including lingerie and intimacy products; Style and Apparel, including a variety of apparel and accessories products; Digital Entertainment and Lifestyle, such as our creator platform, web and television-based entertainment, and our spirits and hospitality products; and Beauty and Grooming, including fragrance, skincare, grooming and cosmetics. 
 We have three reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. The Licensing segment derives revenue from trademark licenses for third-party consumer products, location-based entertainment businesses and online gaming. The Direct-to-Consumer segment derives its revenue from sales of consumer products sold directly to consumers through our own online channels, our retail stores or through third-party retailers. The Digital Subscriptions and Content segment derives revenue from the subscription of Playboy programming, which is distributed through various channels, including websites and domestic and international TV, from sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles, and sales of creator content offerings to consumers on playboy.com . 
 
 Merger with MCAC 
 PLBY Group, Inc. was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 12, 2019 as a special purpose acquisition company under the name Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp MCAC ), formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. MCAC completed its initial public offering in June 2020. On February 10, 2021, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated September 30, 2020 (the Merger Agreement ), MCAC s wholly-owned subsidiary merged with and into Playboy Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Playboy ), with Legacy Playboy surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCAC (the Business Combination ). In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, MCAC was renamed PLBY Group, Inc. and started trading under PLBY on the Nasdaq on February 11, 2021. All of the outstanding equity of Legacy Playboy was exchanged for equity of PLBY Group, Inc., and PLBY Group, Inc. assumed certain Legacy Playboy debt, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. 
 The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization whereby MCAC, which was the legal acquirer, was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes and Legacy Playboy was treated as the accounting acquirer. This determination was primarily based on Legacy Playboy having a majority of the voting power of the post-combination company, Legacy Playboy s senior management comprising substantially all of the senior management of the post-combination company, the relative size of Legacy Playboy compared to MCAC, and Legacy Playboy s operations comprising the ongoing operations of the post-combination company. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of a capital transaction in which Legacy Playboy was issued stock for the net assets of MCAC. The net assets of MCAC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Legacy Playboy. 
 
 Acquisition of TLA 
 On March 1, 2021, we acquired 100 of the equity of TLA for cash consideration of 24.9 million. TLA is the parent company of the Lovers family of stores, a leading omnichannel online and brick-and-mortar sexual wellness chain, with 40 stores in five states as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 17, Business Combinations, for additional information. 
 40 

Acquisition of Honey Birdette 
 On June 28, 2021, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Limited ("Honey Birdette"), a company organized under the laws of Australia. Aggregate consideration for the acquisition of 327.7 million as of the Contract Date consisted of approximately 233.4 million in cash (based on an exchange rate of 0.7391 U.S. dollars per Australian dollars) and 2,155,849 shares of Company common stock, valued at 92.7 million as of the Contract Date, based on a Contract Date per share price of 43.02. Pursuant to the SPA, on August 9, 2021, the Company acquired all of the capital stock of Honey Birdette. The Closing Date per share price of 26.57 per share of Company common stock resulted in total consideration transferred of 288.8 million. As a result of the transaction, Honey Birdette became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On August 19, 2021, an additional 4,412 shares of Company common stock were issued to the Honey Birdette sellers pursuant to the terms of a true-up under the SPA. The acquisition of the luxury lingerie brand Honey Birdette expands our brand portfolio with a new high-end franchise, and provides us with product design, sourcing and direct-to-consumer capabilities that we believe can be leveraged to accelerate the growth of our core apparel and sexual wellness businesses. Honey Birdette s operating results are consolidated with our results beginning on August 9, 2021. Therefore, the consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same period in 2021. 
 Acquisition of GlowUp Digital Inc . 
 On October 22, 2021, we completed the acquisition of GlowUp Digital Inc. ("GlowUp"), a Delaware corporation, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and among the Company, PB Global Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, GlowUp and Michael Dow, solely in his capacity as representative of the holders of the outstanding shares of GlowUp s common stock and of the holders of the outstanding Simple Agreements for Future Equity ("SAFEs") issued by GlowUp (the "GlowUp Merger"). At the effective time of the GlowUp Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub ceased, and GlowUp survived the GlowUp Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company under the name Centerfold Digital Inc. 
 At the closing of the GlowUp Merger, in accordance with the terms of the GlowUp Agreement, including certain adjustments to the GlowUp Merger consideration determined as of the closing, (i) holders of GlowUp s equity securities that are accredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, 548,034 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and (ii) holders of GlowUp equity securities that are nonaccredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, 342,308 in cash. Pursuant to the GlowUp Agreement, the number of GlowUp Merger consideration shares was determined based on a price per share of 23.4624, which was the volume weighted average closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market over the 10 consecutive trading day period ending on (and including) the trading day immediately preceding the execution of the GlowUp Agreement (i.e., October 14, 2021), representing aggregate closing consideration of approximately 13.2 million. In addition, 0.8 million in transaction expenses were paid by the Company on behalf of the sellers as of closing. Contingent consideration of up to an additional 664,311 shares of our stock and 0.4 million in cash in the aggregate may be issued or paid (as applicable) to GlowUp s equity holders upon the release of the portion thereof held back in respect of indemnification obligations or the satisfaction of performance criteria, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the GlowUp Agreement. The fair value of contingent consideration at closing was 18.1 million, 9.2 million of which was classified as equity and 8.9 million was recorded in current liabilities. The closing date per share price of the Company s common stock of 27.60 resulted in total consideration transferred valued at 34.4 million at closing. In the second quarter of 2022, the performance-based component of the contingent consideration was settled. As a result, the Company issued 352,923 shares of the Company s common stock and made a payment of 0.2 million to GlowUp s equity holders. The fair value of the remaining contingent consideration relating to an indemnity holdback at December 31, 2022 was 0.8 million, and it was recorded in current liabilities. See Note 2, Fair Value Measurements, for subsequent measurements of these contingent liabilities. Such plaform's operating results are consolidated with our results beginning on October 22, 2021. Therefore, our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Business 
 We believe that our performance and future success depends on several factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors . 
 Shifting to a Capital-Light Business Model 
 As of 2023, we will pursue a commercial strategy that relies on a more capital-light business model focused on revenue streams with higher margin and higher growth potential. We will do this by leveraging our flagship Playboy brand to attract best-in-class strategic partners and scale our creator platform with influencers who embody our brands aspirational lifestyle. We will refocus our three key growth pillars: first, strategically expanding our licensing business in key categories and territories. We will continue to use our licensing business as a marketing tool and brand builder, in particular through our high-end designer collaborations and our large-scale partnerships. Second, investing in our Playboy digital platform as we return to our roots as a place to see and be seen for creators and up and coming cultural influencers. Third, building upon Honey Birdette s existing high margin retail business by expanding the brand in the United States. 
 41 

China Licensing Revenues 
 
 We have enjoyed substantial success in licensing our trademarks in China, where we are a major men s apparel brand. Our revenues from China (including Hong Kong) as a percentage of our total revenues were 16.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our Playboy China joint venture is expected to invigorate our China-market Playboy apparel business, building on Playboy s current roster of licensees and online storefronts by adding new licensees. 
 Seasonality of Our Consumer Product Sales 
 While we receive revenue throughout the year, our businesses have experienced, and may continue to experience, seasonality. For example, our licensing business under our consumer products business have historically experienced higher receipts in its first and third fiscal quarters due to the licensing fee structure in our licensing agreements which typically require advance payment of such fees during those quarters, but such payments can be subject to extensions or delays. Our direct-to-consumer business have historically experienced higher sales in the fourth quarter due to the U.S. holiday season, including Halloween, but changing market conditions and demand could affect such sales. Historical seasonality of revenues may be subject to change as increasing pressure from competition and changes in economic conditions impact our licensees and consumers. Investment and growth in expanding our consumer products business may also impact the seasonality of our business in the future. 
 COVID-19 
 In March 2020, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. Since that time, we have focused on protecting our employees, customers and vendors to minimize potential disruptions while managing through this pandemic. Nonetheless, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued to disrupt and delay global supply chains, affect production and sales across a range of industries and result in legal restrictions requiring businesses to close and consumers to stay at home for days-to-months at a time. Such impacts affected China in particular in 2022, as quarantine restrictions and business closures slowed the Chinese economy, causing manufacturing and shipping delays and reducing retail sales. As a result of such disruptions, licensing revenues from certain gaming and retail licensees, including our Chinese licensees, declined in 2022, as compared to prior periods. However, as of the date of this Annual Report, our business as a whole has not suffered any material adverse consequences to date directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our future operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the further duration and spread of the outbreak and its impact on employees and vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, the full extent to which COVID-19 may impact our future financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. 
 
 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating performance of the business are revenues, salaries and benefits, and selling and administrative expenses. To help assess performance with these key indicators, we use Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe this non-GAAP measure provides useful information to investors and expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance as a supplement to the GAAP consolidated financial statements. See the EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA section below for reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the closest GAAP measure. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue from trademark licenses for third-party consumer products, online gaming and location-based entertainment businesses, sales of our tokenized digital art and collectibles, and sales of creator offerings to consumers on our creator-led platform on playboy.com (launched in December 2021), in addition to sales of consumer products sold through third-party retailers or online direct-to-customer and from the subscription of our programming which is distributed through various channels, including websites and domestic and international television. 
 Trademark Licensing 
 We license trademarks under multi-year arrangements to consumer products, online gaming and location-based entertainment businesses. Typically, the initial contract term ranges between one to ten years. Renewals are separately negotiated through amendments. Under these arrangements, we generally receive an annual non-refundable minimum guarantee that is recoupable against a sales-based royalty generated during the license year. Earned royalties received in excess of the minimum guarantee Excess Royalties are typically payable quarterly. We recognize revenue for the total minimum guarantee specified in the agreement on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement and recognizes Excess Royalties only when the annual minimum guarantee is exceeded. Generally, Excess Royalties are recognized when they are earned. 
 42 

Consumer Products 
 Revenue from sales of online apparel and accessories, including sales through third-party sellers, is recognized upon delivery of the goods to the customer. Revenue is recognized net of incentives and estimated returns. We periodically offer promotional incentives to customers, which include basket promotional code discounts and other credits, which are recorded as a reduction of revenue. 
 Digital Subscriptions and Magazine 
 Digital subscription revenue is derived from subscription sales of playboyplus.com and playboy.tv , which are online content platforms. We receive fixed consideration shortly before the start of the subscription periods from these contracts, which are primarily sold in monthly, annual, or lifetime subscriptions. Revenues from lifetime subscriptions are recognized ratably over a five-year period, representing the estimated period during which the customer accesses the platforms. Revenues from digital subscriptions and Playboy magazine are recognized ratably over the subscription period. We discontinued publishing Playboy magazine in the first quarter of 2020. 
 Revenues generated from the sales of creator offerings to consumers via our creator platform on playboy.com are recognized at the point in time when the sale is processed. Revenues generated from subscriptions to our creator platform are recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 Revenue from sales of our tokenized digital art and collectibles is recognized at the point in time when the sale is processed. 
 TV and Cable Programming 
 We license programming content to certain cable television operators and direct-to-home satellite television operators who pay royalties based on monthly subscriber counts and pay-per-view and video-on-demand buys for the right to distribute our programming under the terms of affiliation agreements. Royalties are generally collected monthly and recognized as revenue as earned. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales primarily consist of merchandise costs, warehousing and fulfillment costs, agency fees, marketplace traffic acquisition costs, website expenses, credit card processing fees, personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, Playboy Television operating expenses, costs associated with branding events, paper and printing costs, customer shipping and handling expenses, fulfillment activity costs and freight-in expenses. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling and administrative expenses primarily consist of corporate office and retail store occupancy costs, personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, and contractor fees for accounting/finance, legal, human resources, information technology and other administrative functions, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, general marketing and promotional activities and insurance. 
 Related Party Expenses 
 Related party expenses consist of management fees paid to an affiliate of one of our stockholders for management and consulting services. 
 
 Impairments 
 
 Impairments consist of the impairments of digital assets, Playboy-branded trademarks, trade names, goodwill and certain other assets. 
 
 Gain on Sale of the Aircraft 
 
 Gain on sale of the aircraft represents the gain on the sale of the Company s aircraft in September 2022. 
 Other Operating Income, Net 
 Other operating income, net primarily consists of gains on the sale of certain digital assets net of certain fees related to their sale. 
 43 

Nonoperating (Expense) Income 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on our long-term debt and the amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a partial extinguishment of debt in the amount of 1.1 million related to the write-off of unamortized debt discount and deferred financing costs as a result of a 25 million mandatory prepayment of debt pursuant to the Third Amendment of our New Credit Agreement in December 2022 (see Liquidity and Capital Resources section for definitions and additional details). 
 In the third quarter of 2022, in connection with the sale of the Company's aircraft (see Note 6, Property and Equipment, Net), the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged. A loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a prepayment penalty, was 0.2 million. 
 On May 25, 2021, we completed a refinancing of our term loan. As a result, in the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately 1.2 million, which is comprised of 1.0 million of fees expensed as incurred in connection with the refinancing, as well as the write-off of 0.2 million of unamortized debt discount and deferred financing fees as a result of such refinancing. 
 Fair Value Remeasurement Gain 
 Fair value remeasurement gain consists of changes to the fair value of preferred stock liability related to its remeasurement. 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 Other (expense) income, net consists primarily of other miscellaneous nonoperating items, such as bank charges and foreign exchange gains or losses as well as non-recurring transaction fees, such as amortization of previously capitalized fees allocated to the sale of a second tranche of our Series A Preferred Stock in August 2022. Other (expense) income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 also included gain from the settlement of convertible promissory notes payable to United Talent Agency, LLC UTA at a 20 discount and gain from litigation settlements. 
 Benefit (Expense) from Income Taxes 
 
 Benefit (expense) from income taxes consists of an estimate for U.S. federal, state, and foreign income taxes based on enacted rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in the tax law. Due to cumulative losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against the definite-lived U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. 
 44 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes key components of Playboy s results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Net revenues 266,933 246,586 20,347 8 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales (129,642) (116,752) (12,890) 11 Selling and administrative expenses (160,982) (197,472) 36,490 (18) Related party expenses (250) 250 (100) Impairments (308,165) (964) (307,201) Gain on sale of the aircraft 5,689 5,689 100 Other operating income, net 482 482 100 Total operating expense (592,618) (315,438) (277,180) 88 Operating (loss) income (325,685) (68,852) (256,833) 373 Nonoperating (expense) income: Interest expense (17,719) (13,312) (4,407) 33 Loss on extinguishment of debt (1,266) (1,217) (49) 4 Fair value remeasurement gain 9,401 9,401 100 Other (expense) income, net (494) 2,926 (3,420) (117) Total nonoperating expense (10,078) (11,603) 1,525 (13) (Loss) income before income taxes (335,763) (80,455) (255,308) 317 Benefit (expense) from income taxes 58,059 2,779 55,280 Net loss (277,704) (77,676) (200,028) 258 Net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc. (277,704) (77,676) (200,028) 258 
 _________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 45 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenues 100 100 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales (48.6) (47.3) Selling and administrative expenses (60.3) (80.1) Related party expenses (0.1) Impairments (115.4) (0.4) Gain on sale of the aircraft 2.1 Other operating income, net 0.2 Total operating expense (222.0) (127.9) Operating (loss) income (122.0) (27.9) Nonoperating (expense) income: Interest expense (6.6) (5.4) Loss on extinguishment of debt (0.5) (0.5) Fair value remeasurement gain 3.5 Other (expense) income, net (0.2) 1.2 Total nonoperating expense (3.8) (4.7) (Loss) income before income taxes (125.8) (32.6) Benefit (expense) from income taxes 21.8 1.1 Net loss (104.0) (31.5) Net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc. (104.0) (31.5) 
 Net Revenues 
 Net revenues increased by 20.3 million, or 8 , primarily due to an increase in direct-to-consumer revenue of 54.8 million attributable to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease in e-commerce revenue of 15.9 million, a decrease in NFT revenue of 11.5 million, due to a sale of a collection of NFT "Rabbitars" in 2021, a decrease of 5.2 million in licensing revenue and a 1.1 million decrease in TV and cable programming revenue. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales increased by 12.9 million, or 11 , primarily due to an increase in direct-to-consumer cost of sales of 21.8 million related to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions, as well as expenses related to our creator platform of 7.3 million, and an increase in e-commerce inventory reserve charges of 1.6 million, pa rtly offset by e-commerce volume declines of 5.6 million, 8.1 million in amortization of non-cash valuation inventory step-up as part of the purchase accounting for the acquisitions of TLA and Honey Birdette in the prior year comparative period, realignment of 3.0 million of personnel costs into selling and administrative expenses and reductions in digital costs of sales of 1.1 million. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling and administrative expenses decreased by 36.5 million, or 18 , primarily due to a 38.6 million reduction in stock-based compensation, 31.5 million of non-cash fair value change due to contingent liabilities fair value remeasurements relating to our 2021 acquisitions and 9.6 million of lower professional services costs, partly offset by increased direct-to-consumer costs of 28.1 million related to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions, higher employee compensation related costs, excluding stock-based compensation, of 6.6 million, 3.4 million of expenses attributable to our creator platform and increased cloud-based software and technology infrastructure investments of 6.0 million. 
 Related Party Expenses 
 Related party expenses decreased by 0.3 million, or 100 , due to termination of our management agreement with an affiliate of one of our stockholders for management and consulting services in the first quarter of 2021 upon consummation of the Business Combination. 
 46 

Impairments 
 Impairments increased by 307.2 million, or 100 , primarily due to impairment charges on Playboy-branded trademarks, Honey Birdette s and TLA s trade names and goodwill recorded in the third quarter of 2022 of 301.8 million, higher impairment charges related to our digital assets of 3.9 million as a result of their fair value decreasing below their carrying value, and impairment of certain other assets of 1.4 million in the third quarter of 2022. Refer also to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 7, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, for further information. 
 
 Gain on Sale of the Aircraft 
 
 Gain on sale of the aircraft increased by 5.7 million, or 100 , due to the gain on the sale of Company s aircraft in September 2022. 
 
 Other Operating Income, Net 
 
 Other operating income, net increased by 0.5 million, or 100 , due to gain recognized on the sale of digital assets during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Nonoperating (Expense) Income 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest exp ense increased by 4.4 million, or 33 , primarily due to incremental borrowings of 70.0 million pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 to the New Credit Agreement in August 2021, the Aircraft Term Loan of 9.0 million (which was repaid in September 2022), higher interest rates pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to the New Credit Agreement in August 2022 and higher applicable interest rates in the second half of 2022. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt remained f lat, primarily due to a loss of 1.1 million on the partial extinguishment of debt related to a 25 million prepayment in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 0.2 million of loss on early extinguishment of the Aircraft Term Loan in the third quarter of 2022, compared to a loss of 1.2 million on debt extinguishment from our debt refinancing in 2021 as described in Note 9, Debt. 
 Fair Value Remeasurement Gain 
 Fair value remeasurement gain increased by 9.4 million, or 100 , due to the remeasurement of our preferred stock liability to its fair value at December 31, 2022. 
 Other (Expense) Income , Net 
 Other (expense) income, net changed by 3.4 million, from 2.9 million in income to 0.5 million in expense, primarily due to amortization of previously capitalized fees of 0.6 million allocated to the second issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock in the third quarter of 2022, 0.7 million of gain in the prior year comparative period related to the gain from settlement of convertible promissory notes recognized during the first quarter of 2021 (as we settled the convertible promissory note payable to UTA at a 20 discount), and 1.7 million in gain recognized from litigation settlements in 2021. 
 Benefit (expense) from Income Taxes 
 
 Provision for income taxes increased from 2.8 million of tax benefit during 2021 to 58.1 million of tax benefit during 2022. The decrease in tax provision is primarily driven by the increase in pretax book loss offset by (i) impairment of tangible assets, (ii) Section 162 (m) limitations and (iii) foreign withholding taxes. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe the following non-GAAP measure is useful in evaluating our operational performance. We use the following non-GAAP financial information to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe that non-GAAP financial information, when taken collectively, may be helpful to investors in assessing our operating performance. 
 47 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA is defined as net income or loss before interest, income tax expense or benefit, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted for stock-based compensation and other special items determined by management. Adjusted EBITDA is intended as a supplemental measure of our performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing our financial measures with those of comparable companies, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. However, investors should be aware that when evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, we may incur future expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. In addition, our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion. 
 In addition to adjusting for non-cash stock-based compensation, non-cash charges for the fair value remeasurements of certain liabilities and non-recurring impairment and inventory charges, we typically adjust for nonoperating expenses and income, such as management fees paid to our largest stockholder, merger related bonus payments, non-recurring special projects including the implementation of internal controls, expenses associated with financing activities, gain on the sale of assets, non-cash inventory reserve charges, acquisition related inventory step-up amortization and costs, the expense associated with asset impairments, reorganization and severance resulting in the elimination or rightsizing of specific business activities or operations as we transformed from a print and digital media business to a commerce centric business. 
 Because of the limitations described above, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA on a supplemental basis. Investors should review the reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA below and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 The following table reconciles net loss to EBITDA (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA (loss) income (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (277,704) (77,676) Adjusted for: Interest expense 17,719 13,312 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1,266 1,217 Benefit from income taxes (58,059) (2,779) Depreciation and amortization 13,613 7,291 EBITDA (303,165) (58,635) Adjusted for: Stock-based compensation 20,540 58,446 Adjustments 12,124 9,413 Amortization of inventory step-up 8,089 Gain on sale of the aircraft (5,689) Contingent consideration fair value remeasurement (29,173) 2,369 Impairments 308,165 964 Management fees and expenses 250 Preferred stock fair value remeasurement (9,401) Acquisition related costs 11,549 Adjusted EBITDA (6,599) 32,445 
 Adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022 are related to amortization of the previously capitalized fees allocated to the second issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock in August 2022, non-cash inventory reserve charges, severance, consulting, advisory and other costs relating to special projects, including the implementation of internal controls over financial reporting and adoption of accounting standards. 
 Gain on sale of the Company's aircraft for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to its sale in September 2022. 
 48 

Contingent consideration fair value remeasurement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 relates to non-cash fair value change due to contingent liabilities fair value remeasurement resulting from the acquisition of Honey Birdette and GlowUp. 
 Preferred stock fair value remeasurement for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to non-cash fair value change due to preferred stock liability fair value remeasurement. 
 Impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to the impairments of digital assets and other intangible assets, including goodwill. 
 Adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2021 are primarily related to bonus payments in connection with the Business Combination, as well as consulting, advisory and other costs relating to other costs related to special projects, including, the implementation of internal controls over financial reporting, and executive search costs. 
 Amortization of inventory valuation step-up adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2021 relates to amortization of a non-cash inventory valuation step-up as part of the purchase accounting for the acquisitions of TLA and Honey Birdette. 
 Impairments for the year ended December 31, 2021 relate to the impairment of digital assets recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Management fees and expenses adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2021 represent fees paid to one of our stockholders. 
 Acquisition related costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 include consulting and advisory costs related to acquisition activities. 
 
 Segments 
 Our Chief Executive Officer is our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ). Our segment disclosure is based on its intention to provide the users of our consolidated financial statements with a view of the business from our perspective. We operate our business in three primary operating and reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. Licensing operations include the licensing of one or more of our trademarks and/or images for consumer products, location-based entertainment and online gaming businesses. Direct-to-Consumer operations include consumer products sold through third-party retailers or online direct-to-customer. Digital Subscriptions and Content operations include the production, marketing and sales of programming under the Playboy brand name, which is distributed through various channels, including domestic and international television, sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles, and sales of creator content offerings to consumers on playboy.com . 
 The following are our results of financial performance by segment for each of the years presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenues Licensing 60,861 66,055 Direct-to-consumer 186,574 147,852 Digital subscriptions and content 18,709 31,281 All other 789 1,398 Total 266,933 246,586 Operating (loss) income Licensing (73,979) 48,280 Direct-to-consumer (206,962) (3,021) Digital subscriptions and content (13,016) 9,386 Corporate (32,439) (124,632) All other 711 1,135 Total (325,685) (68,852) 
 49 

Licensing 
 Net revenues decreased by 5.2 million, or 8 , during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the decline in contractual revenue and overages from our licensing partners. 
 Operating income decreased by 122.3 million, or more than 100 , during 2022 compared to 2021, p rimarily due to 116.0 million of non-cash impairment charges on Playboy-branded trademarks in the third quarter of 2022, and a 5.2 million decline in licensing revenue. 
 Direct-to-Consumer 
 Net revenues increased by 38.7 million, or 26 , during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to revenue of 54.8 million attributable to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease in e-commerce revenue of 15.9 million. 
 
 Operating loss increased by 203.9 million, or more than 100 , during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to 184.8 million of non-cash impairment charges on certain of our intangible assets, including goodwill, a decrease in e-commerce revenue of 15.9 million, higher personnel costs of 6.3 million, increased cloud-based software and technology infrastructure investments of 3.9 million, and higher e-commerce inventory reserves of 1.6 million, partly offset by a decrease in e-commerce shipping costs of 1.0 million, a decrease in e-commerce marketing costs of 3.5 million and operating income of 5.0 million attributable to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions. 
 Digital Subscriptions and Content 
 Net revenues decreased by 12.6 million, or 40 , during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decrease in NFT revenue of 11.5 million, due to a sale of a collection of NFT "Rabbitars" in 2021 and a decrease in TV and cable programming revenue of 1.1 million, partly offset by revenues attributable to our creator platform of 0.5 million. 
 Operating income decreased by 22.4 million, or more than 100 , during 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 12.6 million reduction in revenue and higher expenses related to our content creator platform of 12.1 million, launched in the fourth quarter of 2021, partly offset by a decrease of 2.6 million in NFT related expenses. 
 All Other 
 Net revenues decreased by 0.6 million, or 44 , during 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue recognized from the fulfillment of our remaining magazine subscription obligations as a result of the cessation of publishing the magazine in 2020. 
 Operating income decreased by 0.4 million, or 37 , during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower recognized revenue related to the fulfillment of magazine subscription obligations. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses decreased by 92.2 million, or 74 , during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to 31.5 million of non-cash fair value change due to contingent liabilities fair value remeasurement relating to our 2021 acquisitions, lower stock-based compensation expense of 38.6 million, lower marketing and advertising costs of 2.6 million and lower professional services costs of 17.8 million, which includes 11.5 million of acquisition related costs and costs associated with our transition to a public company incurred in the prior year comparative period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our main source of liquidity is cash generated from operating and financing activities, which primarily includes cash derived from revenue generating activities, in addition to proceeds from our issuance of debt (as described further below), proceeds from public offerings and proceeds from the issuance and sale of Series A Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, our principal source of liquidity was our cash in the amount of 31.6 million which is primarily held in operating and deposit accounts. 
 In June 2021, we completed a public offering in which 4,720,000 shares of our common stock were sold at a price of 46 per share. The net proceeds received from the public offering were 202.9 million. 
 50 

On May 16, 2022, we issued and sold 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Drawbridge DSO Securities LLC (the "Purchaser") at a price of 1,000 per share, resulting in total gross proceeds to us of 25.0 million, and we agreed to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agreed to purchase from us, up to an additional 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock on the terms set forth in the securities purchase agreement entered into by us and the Purchaser. We incurred approximately 1.5 million of fees associated with the transaction, 1.0 million of which was netted against the gross proceeds. 
 On August 8, 2022, we issued and sold the remaining 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Purchaser at a price of 1,000 per share (the "Second Drawdown"), resulting in additional gross proceeds to us of 25.0 million. We incurred approximately 0.5 million of fees associated with the Second Drawdown, which were netted against the gross proceeds. As a result of the transaction, all of our authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding as of August 8, 2022. 
 On January 24, 2023, we issued 6,357,341 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of investors. We received net proceeds of approximately 13.75 million from the registered direct offering. 
 We also completed a rights offering in February 2023, pursuant to which we issued 19,561,050 shares of common stock. We received net proceeds of approximately 47.5 million from the rights offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses. We used 40 million of the net proceeds from the rights offering for repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement, and we intend to use the remainder for other general corporate purposes. 
 Although consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future, and cash requirements may fluctuate based on the timing and extent of many factors, such as those discussed above, we believe our existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our operations, including lease obligations, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working capital obligations for at least the next 12 months from the filing of this Annual Report. We may seek additional equity or debt financing in the future to satisfy capital requirements, respond to adverse developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in our circumstances or unforeseen events or conditions, or fund organic or inorganic growth opportunities. In the event that additional financing is required from third-party sources, we may not be able to raise it on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Debt 
 2014 Term Loan 
 In June 2014, we borrowed 150.0 million under a four-and-one-half-year term loan maturing on December 31, 2018, at an effective rate of 7.0 from DBD Credit Funding LLC pursuant to a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). In December 2019, the term loan was amended to borrow an additional 12.0 million. Our debt bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for the interest period in effect plus the applicable margin in effect from time to time. The Eurodollar Rate is the greater of (a) an interest rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1 determined by the administrative agent divided by 1 minus the statutory reserves (if any) and (b) 1.25 per annum. 
 In January 2021, the term loan was amended to defer the excess cash flow payment due in January 2021 to April 2021 among other amendments. The terms of the modified term loan were not considered substantially different and the amendment was accounted for as a modification. On May 25, 2021, the Credit Agreement was repaid in full and terminated upon completion of the refinancing described below. 
 New Term Loan 
 On May 25, 2021, we borrowed 160.0 million under a term loan maturing on May 25, 2027 (the New Term Loan ), at an effective rate of LIBOR plus 5.75 , with a LIBOR floor of 0.50 through November 2022 and a LIBOR floor of 4.76 , starting December 2022. The New Term Loan replaced the 2014 Term Loan. The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the New Term Loan may subsequently be adjusted on periodic measurement dates provided for under the New Credit Agreement based on the type of loans borrowed by us and our total leverage ratio at such time. At our option, we may borrow loans which accrue interest at (i) a base rate (with a floor of 1.50 or (ii) at LIBOR, in each case plus an applicable per annum margin. The per annum applicable margin for base rate loans is 4.25 or 4.75 , with the lower rate applying when the total leverage ratio as of the applicable measurement date is 3.00 to 1.00 or less, and the per annum applicable margin for LIBOR loans is 5.25 or 5.75 , with the lower rate applying when the total leverage ratio as of the applicable measurement date is 3.00 to 1.00 or less. The New Term Loan requires quarterly amortization payments of 0.4 million, commencing on September 30, 2021, with the balance becoming due at maturity. The stated interest rate on the New Term Loan was 11.01 and 6.25 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective interest rate of the New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 12.27 and 7.1 , respectively. 
 Our obligations pursuant to the New Credit Agreement are guaranteed by us and any of our current and future wholly-owned, domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. In connection with the New Credit Agreement, the Company and the other guarantor subsidiaries of the Company entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement with the collateral agent, pursuant to which we granted a senior security interest to the agent in substantially all of our assets (including the stock of certain of our subsidiaries) in order to secure our obligations under the New Credit Agreement. 
 51 

We entered into Amendment No. 1 to the New Credit Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among PLBY, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent, to, among other things: (a) obtain a 70 million incremental term loan, thereby increasing the aggregate principal amount of term loan indebtedness outstanding under the New Credit Agreement to 230 million, and (b) amend the terms of the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, permit Honey Birdette and certain of its subsidiaries to guaranty the obligations under the New Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Incremental Term Loan was incurred on materially the same terms as the New Term Loan. The New Credit Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, requires quarterly amortization payments of 0.6 million, commencing on September 30, 2021. The Incremental Term Loan, together with cash on hand, was used to finance the acquisition of Honey Birdette and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Incremental Term Loan and such acquisition. 
 
 In August 2022, we entered into the second amendment to the New Credit Agreement Second Amendment ), which, among other things: (i) required the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated cash balance of 40 million, to be tested twice quarterly (with a 45-day cure period), subject to certain exceptions; (ii) required that the Company s consolidated cash balance not fall below 25 million for more than five consecutive business days during any applicable test period (with a 15-day cure period to then exceed a cash balance of 40 million); (iii) increased addbacks to the determination of the Company s consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement); (iv) set Total Net Leverage Ratios for Test Periods (as such terms are defined in the New Credit Agreement) ending June 30, 2022 through March 31, 2023 at 7.00 to 1.00, reducing quarterly thereafter at the step-downs specified in the New Credit Agreement to 4.50 to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024, in each case subject to up to 12.5 million of cash netting; (v) increased the per annum interest rates applicable to base rate loans to 4.75 or 5.25 and the per annum interest rates applicable to LIBOR loans to 5.75 or 6.25 , in each case plus 0.25 per 0.50x increase above prior financial covenant levels during an applicable period and with the lower rates applying when the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the applicable measurement date is 3.00 to 1.00 or less; (vi) allowed the Company to prepay the loans under the New Credit Agreement at par and allow the Company and its investors to purchase such loans from the Lenders on a pro rata basis (subject to certain limitations set forth in the New Credit Agreement); and (vii) increased financial reporting to the Lenders and imposes certain limitations on the ability of the Company to incur further indebtedness or undertake certain transactions until the Company has signifi cantly reduced certain leverage ratios set forth in the New Credit Agreement. 
 
 The cash balance requirements are subject to a dollar-for-dollar reduction for payments which reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement, and were so reduced by the Company's repayment of 25 million in December 2022, and such requirements and limitations on the Company s ability to make certain restricted payments (including repurchases of its stock) terminate upon achieving a pro forma total leverage ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of less than 4.00 to 1.00. In connection with the Second Amendment, 0.2 million of debt issuance costs were expensed as incurred, and 2.5 million of debt discount were capitalized. 
 
 In December 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 3 to the New Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ), which, among other things, provided for: (i) the waiver of the Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Third Amendment) covenant for the fourth quarter of 2022; (ii) a mandatory prepayment by the Company of 25 million, which was made in December 2022; (iii) the ability of the Company to voluntarily prepay an additional 5 million by March 1, 2023 (the 23Q1 Payment to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2023; (iv) the ability of the Company to prepay 50 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for all of 2023 and to adjust the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant levels in subsequent periods; (v) the ability of the Company to prepay an aggregate of 65 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to eliminate the lenders board observer rights provided for under the credit agreement, to eliminate the Applicable Additional Margin (as defined in the Third Amendment), and to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2024; (vi) the ability of the Company to prepay 75 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the second quarter of 2024; (vii) the ability of the Company to prepay 115 million (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of 5 million) to entirely waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant; and (viii) a covenant by the Company to use 80 of any gross proceeds from its next common equity capital raise to prepay the debt under the Existing Credit Agreement up to an aggregate amount of 50 million, provided that, such cap may be reduced by any other voluntary prepayments after the date of the Third Amendment (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of 5 million). All prepayments described above reduce the Company s cash maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement on a dollar-for-dollar basis. The other terms of the Existing Credit Agreement remained substantially unchanged from the Second Amendment to the New Term Loan. Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Third Amendment were immaterial, and were expensed as incurred. The Company recorded 1.1 million of loss on partial extinguishment of debt related to the mandatory prepayment made in the fourth quarter of 2022 pursuant to the Third Amendment. Quarterly amortization payments were decreased to 0.5 million, commencing on December 31, 2022, as a result of 25 million prepayment made in December of 2022, with the balance due at maturity. 
 
 52 

On February 17, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 4 to the New Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ), which, among other things: (i) required that the mandatory prepayment of 80 of PLBY's equity offering proceeds apply only to PLBY's 50 million rights offering completed in February 2023 (thereby reducing the applicable prepayment cap to 40 million), (ii) required an additional 5 million prepayment by us as a condition to completing the Fourth Amendment, and (iii) reduced the prepayment threshold for waiving our Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant through June 30, 2024 to 70 million (from the prior 75 million prepayment threshold). Such 70 million of prepayments has been achieved by the Company through the combination of a 25 million prepayment in December 2022, the 40 million prepayment made in connection with the rights offering in February 2023, and the additional 5 million prepayment made at the completion of the Fourth Amendment. 
 
 As a result of the prepayments described above, we obtained a waiver of the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant through the second quarter of 2024, eliminated the cash maintenance covenants, eliminated the lenders board observer rights and eliminated applicable additional margin which had previously been provided for under the New Credit Agreement, as amended. The other terms of the New Credit Agreement otherwise remain substantially unchanged. 
 
 The terms of the New Credit Agreement limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to: incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, transfer, sell or acquire assets, pay dividends and change the business we conduct. Acquiom Agency Services LLC has a lien on all our assets as stated in the New Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant which requires the Company to maintain a maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio (calculated as a ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), in accordance with the terms of the New Credit Agreement). The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2021. Compliance with the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant as of December 31, 2022 was waived pursuant to the terms of the Third Amendment. 
 Aircraft Term Loan 
 In May 2021, we borrowed 9.0 million under a five-year term loan maturing in May 2026 to fund the purchase of an aircraft (the Aircraft Term Loan ). The stated interest rate was 6.25 as of December 31, 2021. The Aircraft Term Loan required monthly amortization payments of approximately 0.1 million, commencing on July 1, 2021. We incurred 0.1 million of financing costs related to the Aircraft Term Loan, which were capitalized. 
 
 In September 2022, we completed the sale of the Company's aircraft to an unaffiliated, private, third-party buyer for a sale price of 17.5 million, representing a net gain on sale of 5.7 million . In connection with the sale of the Company's aircraft, the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged. A loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a prepayment penalty, was immaterial. 
 Promissory Notes Creative Artists Agency and Global Brands Group 
 In August 2018, a convertible promissory note was issued to CAA Brand Management, LLC CAA for 2.7 million and a convertible promissory note was issued to GBG International Holding Company Limited GBG for 7.3 million. These notes were non-interest bearing and were convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. The terms of these notes were subject to negotiation in December 2020, and in December 2020, we settled the outstanding GBG note at a 20 discount for 5.8 million, resulting in a gain from settlement of 1.5 million. In January 2021, the outstanding note with CAA was converted into 51,857 shares of Legacy Playboy s common stock, which was exchanged for 290,563 shares of our common stock upon the closing of the Business Combination in February 2021. 
 Convertible Promissory Notes United Talent Agency 
 In March and June 2018, we issued convertible promissory notes to UTA for an aggregate principal amount of 3.5 million. These notes were non-interest bearing and were convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. In January 2021, the settlement terms of the outstanding notes were amended to extend the term to the one-month anniversary of the termination or expiration of the Merger Agreement. In February 2021, we repaid the outstanding principal balance of the notes at a 20 discount resulting in a gain on settlement of 0.7 million. 
 Leases 
 
 Our principal lease commitments are for office space and operations under several noncancelable operating leases with contractual terms expiring from 2021 to 2033. Some of these leases contain renewal options and rent escalations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our fixed leases were 56.1 million and 49.8 million, with 10.0 million and 9.7 million due in the next 12 months, respectively. For further information on our lease obligations, refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 53 

Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (59,609) (36,742) Investing activities 8,753 (273,176) Financing activities 11,559 370,474 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 59.6 million, including a net loss of 277.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net loss was adjusted for non-cash charges of 249.3 million, primarily attributable to impairment of digital and other assets of 308.2 million, stock-based compensation expense of 20.5 million, loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.3 million, 13.6 million of depreciation and amortization expense, inventory reserve adjustments of 4.2 million and 10.1 million of amortization of right of use assets, partially offset by changes in the fair value of liabilities of 38.6 million, deferred income taxes of 64.4 million and gain on sale of the Company's aircraft of 5.7 million. Other changes in assets and liabilities represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital. Net cash outflows from changes in working capital of 31.2 million were primarily associated with an increase in receivables and prepaid expenses and other assets and a decrease in operating lease liabilities, other current liabilities and deferred revenues, offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits and a decrease in contract assets and inventories. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 36.7 million, including a net loss of 77.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss was adjusted for non-cash charges of 70.2 million, primarily attributable to stock-based compensation expense of 58.4 million, loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.2 million, 7.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense and 6.5 million of amortization of right of use assets, partially offset by deferred income taxes of 6.7 million. Other changes in assets and liabilities represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital. Net cash outflows from changes in working capital of 29.3 million were primarily associated with an increase in contract assets, receivables, inventories and in prepaid expenses and other assets, and a decrease in operating lease liabilities and accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits, offset by an increase in accounts payable largely associated with infrastructure development costs incurred as part of our transition to a public company. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 8.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to the net proceeds from the sale of the Company's aircraft of 16.8 million, partially offset by the acquisition of property and equipment of 8.0 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 273.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to the acquisition of TLA and Honey Birdette as well as purchase of an aircraft. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to net proceeds of 48.3 million from our issuance of preferred stock, partly offset by the repayment of borrowings. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 370.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to net proceeds from our June 2021 public offering, as well as issuance of long-term debt, net cash acquired from the Business Combination and PIPE Investment, partially offset by the repayment of borrowings and the payment of financing costs. 
 54 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are, by their nature, uncertain and unpredictable, and depend upon, among other things, many factors outside of our control, such as demand for our products, economic conditions and other current and future events, such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we believe that the accounting policies below are most critical to understanding our financial condition and historical and future results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We license trademarks under multi-year arrangements with consumer products, online gaming and location-based entertainment businesses. Typically, the initial contract term ranges between one to ten years. Renewals are separately negotiated through amendments. Under these arrangements, we generally receive an annual nonrefundable minimum guarantee that is recoupable against a sales-based royalty generated during the license year. Annual minimum guarantee amounts are billed quarterly, semi-annually, or annually in advance and these payments do not include a significant financing component. We adjust how we account for revenue pursuant to licenses, if collectability on their related billings becomes improbable. Excess royalties are payable quarterly. The performance obligation is a license of symbolic IP that provides the customer with a right to access the IP, which represents a stand-ready obligation that is satisfied over time. We recognize revenue for the total minimum guarantee specified in the agreement on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement and recognize excess royalties only when the annual minimum guarantee is exceeded. Generally, excess royalties are recognized when they are earned. As the sales reports from licensees are typically not received until after the close of the reporting period, we follow the variable consideration framework and constraint guidance to estimate the underlying sales volume to recognize excess royalties based on historical experience and general economic trends. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net 
 Goodwill and certain other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. Rather, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment at least annually. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be fully recoverable. 
 We perform annual impairment test on goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or when events occur or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, an impairment test is unnecessary. If an impairment test is necessary, we will estimate the fair value of a related reporting unit. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The carrying amounts of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, stores, acquired intangible assets and right-of-use operating lease assets are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate over its remaining life. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to the fair value. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventory reserves are recorded for excess and slow-moving inventory. Our analysis includes a review of inventory quantities on hand at period-end in relation to year-to-date sales, existing orders from customers and projections for sales in the foreseeable future. The net realizable value is determined based on historical sales experience on a style-by-style basis. The valuation of inventory could be impacted by changes in public and consumer preferences, demand for product, changes in the buying patterns of both retailers and consumers and inventory management of customers. 
 55 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards, including stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units granted to employees, directors, and nonemployees, based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized ratably in earnings, generally over the period during which the recipient is required to provide service. We adjust compensation expense based on actual forfeitures, as necessary. 
 Our stock options vest ratably over the contractual vesting period, which is generally three to four years, and the fair value of the awards is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Our restricted stock units vest ratably over the contractual vesting period and the fair value of the awards is estimated on the date of grant as the underlying value of the award. Awards with graded vesting features are recognized over the requisite service period for the entire award. Our performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") vest upon achieving each of certain PLBY's stock price milestones during the contractual vesting period. For milestones that have not been achieved, such PSUs vest over the derived requisite service period and the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. The determination of the grant date fair value of PSUs issued is affected by a number of variables and subjective assumptions, including (i) the fair value of PLBY s common stock, (ii) the expected common stock price volatility over the expected life of the award, (iii) the expected term of the award, (iv) risk-free interest rates, (v) the exercise price, and (vi) the expected dividend yield. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur. 
 Income Taxes 
 We record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the more-likely-than-not realization threshold. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning alternatives. Playboy uses a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals and litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the largest amount of tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about recent accounting pronouncements, the timing of their adoption, and our assessment, to the extent we have made one, of their potential impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We may be exposed to a variety of market and other risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates, inflation, and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as risks to the availability of funding sources, hazard events, and specific asset risks. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The market risk inherent in our financial instruments and our financial position represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 31.6 million and 69.2 million, respectively, and restricted cash and cash equivalents of 3.8 milli on an d 6.2 million, respectively, primarily consisting of interest-bearing deposit accounts for which the fair market value would be affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, an immediate 10 change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents. 
 In order to maintain liquidity and fund business operations, our long-term New Term Loan bears a variable interest rate based on prime, federal funds, or LIBOR plus an applicable margin based on our total net leverage ratio. The nature and amount of our long-term debt can be expected to vary as a result of future business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. We may elect to enter into interest rate swap contracts to reduce the impact associated with interest rate fluctuations, but as of December 31, 2022, we have not entered into any such contracts. 
 56 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had outstanding debt obligati ons of 201.6 million and 237.4 milli on, r espectively, which accrued interest at a rate of 11.01 and 6.25 , respectively. Based on the balance outstanding under our New Term Loan at December 31, 2022, we estimate that a 1 increase or decrease in underlying interest rates would increase or decrease annual interest expense by 2.0 million in any given fiscal year. See also our Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Changes affecting the availability of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR may have consequences that we cannot yet fully predict included in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 Credit Risk 
 We maintain certain cash balances in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts and do not believe that there is any credit risk to our cash. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable i s limited due to the wide variety of customers to whom our products are sold and/or licensed. We had a licensee that accounted for approx imately 8 and 9 of our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international revenues, as well as costs denominated in foreign currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Australian dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, have in the past, a nd may in the future, negatively affect our revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 41 and 38 of our revenue from international customers, respectively, out of which 48 and 23 , respectively, was denominated in foreign currency. We expect the percentage of revenue derived from outside the United States to increase in future periods as we continue to expand globally. Revenue and related expenses generated from our international operations (other than most international licenses) are denominated in the functional currencies of the corresponding country. The functional currency of our subsidiaries that either operate in or support these markets is generally the same as the corresponding local currency. The majority of our international licenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international operations are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon consolidation, as exchange rates vary, our revenue and other operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. We do not have an active foreign exchange hedging program. 
 There are numerous factors impacting the amount by which our financial results are affected by foreign currency translation and transaction gains and losses resulting from changes in currency exchange rates, including, but not limited to, the volume of foreign currency-denominated transactions in a given period. Foreign currency transaction exposure from a 10 movement of currency exchange rates would have a material impact on our results, assuming no foreign currency hedging. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded an unrealized loss of 20.4 million , which is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2022 . This was primarily related to the increase in the U.S. dollar against the Australian dollar during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 Market Price Risk of Digital Assets 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021 we released "Rabbitars", a non-fungible token collection, and accepted Ethereum as payment. As of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of our digital assets held was 0.3 million. We account for our digital assets as indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to impairment losses if the fair value of our digital assets decreases below their carrying value at any time. Impairment losses cannot be recovered for any subsequent increase in fair value. For example, the market price of one Ethereum in our principal market ranged from 964 - 3,813 during the year ended December 31, 2022, but the carrying value of each Ethereum we held at the end of the reporting period reflects the lowest price of one Ethereum quoted on the active exchange at any time since its receipt. Therefore, negative swings in the market price of Ethereum could have a material impact on our earnings and on the carrying value of our digital assets. Positive swings in the market price of Ethereum are not reflected in the carrying value of our digital assets and impact earnings only when the Ethereum is sold at a gain. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred an impairment loss of 4.9 million on our Ethereum. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary factors such as increases in the cost of our product and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations in recent periods, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain or improve current levels of revenue, gross margin and selling and administrative expenses, or the ability of our customers to make discretionary purchases of our goods and services. See our Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business depends on consumer purchases of discretionary items, which can be negatively impacted during an economic downturn or periods of inflation. This could negatively affect our sales, profitability and financial condition, included in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 57 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Page Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Los Angeles, California; PCAOB ID: # 
 59 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Prager Metis CPAs LLP; El Segundo, California; PCAOB ID: # 
 61 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 66 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

58 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PLBY Group, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 
 Change in Accounting Method Related to Leases 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impairment Assessment of Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 
 As described in Notes 1, 2 and 7 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names totaled 123.2 million, 216.0 million and 19.5 million as of December 31, 2022, respectively. With respect to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company performs annual impairment test in the fourth quarter or when events occur or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value below carrying values. With respect to definite-lived trade names, the carrying amounts of long-lived assets, inclusive of definite-lived trade names, are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. As a result of macroeconomic factors, the Company experienced declines in revenue and profitability, which was considered a triggering event, causing the Company to test the recoverability of its goodwill and intangible assets as of September 1, 2022. The Company recognized impairment charges of 133.8 million related to goodwill, 116.0 million related to indefinite-lived trademarks and 54.1 million related to trade names and certain other assets at the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 59 

We identified the evaluation of goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names for impairment as a critical audit matter. With respect to goodwill, the determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires management to determine significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model including revenue growth rates, and discount rates. With respect to indefinite-lived trademarks, the determination of the fair value requires management to determine significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow and relief from royalty valuation models including revenue growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. With respect to the definite-lived trade names, the determination of the fair value requires management to determine significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty valuation model including revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. Auditing management s significant assumptions used in the assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Assessing the reasonableness of projected revenue growth rates and royalty rates, through: (i) evaluating current and historical performance of the identifiable cash flows, (ii) assessing financial projections against external industry data, (iii) performing sensitivity analysis and evaluating the potential effect of changes in certain assumptions, and (iv) evaluating whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Utilizing professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in valuation to assist in: (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models, and (ii) assessing the reasonableness of the royalty rates and discount rates used in the determination of fair values. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

March 16, 2023 

60 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and 
 Stockholders of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and, cash flows of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the 2020 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of the Company's operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 

March 31, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor from 2015 to 2020. In 2021 we became the predecessor auditor. 
 61 

PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of sales ) ) ) Selling and administrative expenses ) ) ) Related party expenses ) ) Impairments ) ) Gain on sale of the aircraft Other operating income, net Total operating expense ) ) ) Operating (loss) income ) ) Nonoperating (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Fair value remeasurement gain Other (expense) income, net ) Total nonoperating expense ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Benefit (expense) from income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc. ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Property and equipment, net Operating right of use assets Digital assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Contract assets, net of current portion Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits Deferred revenues, current portion Long-term debt, current portion Contingent consideration, at fair value Operating lease liabilities, current portion Other current liabilities and accrued expenses Total current liabilities Deferred revenues, net of current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities, net Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock, at fair value Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares designated Series A preferred stock, of which shares were issued as of December 31, 2022; shares issued or designated as of December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Treasury stock, at cost: shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Series A Preferred Stock Common stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2019, as previously reported ) ) Retroactive application of recapitalization ) ) Balance at December 31, 2019, effect of reverse acquisition (Note 1) ) Stock-based compensation expense and vesting of restricted stock units Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Conversion of convertible promissory note Business combination and PIPE financing ) Secondary offering Shares issued in connection with unit purchase options exercise, net exercised Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Shares issued pursuant to trademark licensing agreement Shares issued in connection with the acquisition of Honey Birdette Shares issued upon exercise of stock options Shares issued in connection with the acquisition of GlowUp Contingent consideration in relation to acquisition of GlowUp Shares issued pursuant to a license, services and collaboration agreement Stock-based compensation expense and vesting of restricted stock units Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Shares issued in connection with options exercise, net exercised Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Shares issued pursuant to a license, services and collaboration agreement Shares issued in connection with asset purchase Shares issued in connection with preferred shares agreement Shares issued in connection with the settlement of the performance holdback contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of GlowUp Stock-based compensation expense and vesting of restricted stock units Reclassification of the fair value of the lock-up shares contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of Honey Birdette Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Fair value remeasurement of liabilities ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Gain from settlement of convertible promissory note ) ) Impairments Amortization of right of use assets Deferred income taxes ) ) Inventory reserves Gain on sale of aircraft ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Contract assets ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits ) Deferred revenues ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net proceeds from sale of aircraft Stock receivable ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities Net proceeds from public offering of stock Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Settlement of the performance holdback contingent consideration ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Repayment of convertible notes ) ) Payment of deferred offering costs ) ) Payment of financing costs ) ) ) Net contribution from the Merger and PIPE Financing Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Balance, beginning of year Balance, end of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

PLBY Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Disclosures Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Activities Purchases of property and equipment Common stock issued in connection with license agreement Contingent consideration from acquisition of Honey Birdette and GlowUp Conversion of convertible notes into common stock Deferred offering costs in accounts payable Stock issued in connection with acquisition of Honey Birdette and GlowUp Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Reclassification of stock receivable to treasury stock upon settlement Reclassification of the fair value of the lock-up shares contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of Honey Birdette Digital assets acquired in connection with sale of tokenized art and collectibles Shares issued pursuant to a license, services and collaboration agreement Shares issued in connection with asset purchase Shares issued in connection with the settlement of the performance holdback contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of GlowUp 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. Refer to Note 19, Segments. We realigned our segments in 2022 and adjusted respective disclosures to recast the historical periods prior to the realignment to conform with current segment presentation. 
 Legacy Playboy Merger with MCAC 
 PLBY Group, Inc. was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 12, 2019 as a special purpose acquisition company under the name Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. MCAC completed its initial public offering in June 2020. Pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated September 30, 2020 (the Merger Agreement ), MCAC agreed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Legacy Playboy common stock for approximately million in aggregate consideration, comprised of (i) shares of MCAC common stock, based on a price of per share, subject to adjustment, and (ii) the assumption of no more than million of Legacy Playboy net debt. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the closing of the transactions contemplated thereby, Merger Sub would merge with and into Legacy Playboy (the Merger with Legacy Playboy surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCAC (the Business Combination ). The Merger was subject to certain closing conditions, including stockholder approval, no material adverse effects with respect to Legacy Playboy, and MCAC capital requirements. In addition, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, MCAC was renamed PLBY Group, Inc. 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Legacy Playboy, Sunlight Global Investment LLC Sponsor ), and Dr. Suying Liu entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Insider Stock Purchase Agreement ). Refer to Note 11, Stockholders Equity. 
 On September 30, 2020, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, MCAC entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements and registration rights agreements (the PIPE Registration Rights Agreements ), with certain institutional and accredited investors (collectively, the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to, and on the terms and subject to the conditions of which, the PIPE Investors collectively subscribed for an aggregate shares of MCAC common stock at per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million (the PIPE Investment ). The PIPE Investment was consummated substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination for net proceeds of million. 
 On February 10, 2021, the Business Combination was consummated, and MCAC (i) issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock to existing stockholders of Legacy Playboy, (ii) assumed Legacy Playboy options exercisable for an aggregate of shares of MCAC common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of and (iii) assumed the obligation to issue shares in respect of terminated Legacy Playboy restricted stock units RSUs for an aggregate of shares of MCAC common stock to be settled following the closing date. We incurred million in transaction costs that were recorded in additional paid-in capital upon consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Legacy Playboy s options and RSUs that were outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination (but not an option granted to Ben Kohn on January 31, 2021 to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Pre-Closing Option )) were accelerated and fully vested. Each outstanding option was assumed by MCAC and automatically converted into an option to purchase such number of shares of MCAC s common stock equal to the product of (x) the merger consideration and (y) the option holder s respective percentage of the merger consideration. All RSUs that were then outstanding were terminated and will be settled in shares of common stock equal to the product of (x) the merger consideration, and (y) the terminated RSU holder s respective percentage of the merger consideration. 
 68 

Cash - PIPE Investment Less: transaction costs paid in 2021 ) Net contributions from Merger and PIPE Investment Less: transaction costs paid in 2020 ) Merger and PIPE Investment 
 million of shipping costs in selling and administrative expenses within the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. However, these costs have been reclassified as cost of sales to conform to our 2022 presentation. The Company evaluated this inconsistency, and the impact to previously issued financial statements, and concluded that the adjustments and impact of this classification inconsistency is not material to any previously issued quarterly or annual financial statements. To improve the consistency and comparability of the financial statements, management has recorded an out-of-period adjustment to previously reported financial statement line items and related disclosures in this report. This reclassification adjustment to the 2021 consolidated statements of operations did not have any impact on operating income, net income, and earnings per common share. 
 69 

Customer B Customer C Indicates the receivables for the customer did not exceed 10 of the Company s total as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, as applicable. 

The following table represents revenue from the Company's customers exceeding 10 of the total for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Customer 2022 2021 2020 Customer A Customer B Customer C Indicates revenues for the customer did not exceed 10 of the Company s total for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020, as applicable. 

70 

, software from two to , and aircraft is . Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the related leases. The amortization of leasehold improvements is included in depreciation expense. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred and major betterments are capitalized. Sales and retirements of property and equipment are recorded by removing the related cost and accumulated depreciation from the accounts, after which any related gains or losses are recognized. 
 million of impairment charges on our indefinite-lived assets at the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022. A quantitative impairment test performed on goodwill, utilized the income approach, under which fair value was determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. The quantitative test performed indicated that the carrying value of certain of our reporting units exceeded their fair value. As a result, we recognized million of impairment charges on our goodwill at the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022. 
 71 

impairment charges to goodwill and our indefinite-lived assets to be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets include distribution agreements, photo and magazine archives, developed technology, licensing agreements, and trade names and customer lists, which we recognized in connection with our business combinations. Because these assets were recognized as identifiable intangible assets in connection with our previous business combinations, we do not incur costs to renew or extend their terms. All of our definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their useful lives. 
 million of impairment charges on our trade names and certain other long-lived assets at the impairment date. There were no events or changes in circumstances since the September 1, 2022 impairment date that would indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets would not be recoverable. As a result, impairment charges to our definite-lived assets were recognized during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 We recorded impairment charges of million, million and related to our digital assets, which are reported in Impairments in the consolidated statements of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 72 

. Renewals are separately negotiated through amendments. Under these arrangements, we generally receive an annual nonrefundable minimum guarantee that is recoupable against a sales-based royalty generated during the license year. Annual minimum guarantee amounts are billed quarterly, semi-annually, or annually in advance and these payments do not include a significant financing component. Earned royalties in excess of the minimum guarantee Excess Royalties are payable quarterly. The performance obligation is a license of symbolic IP that provides the customer with a right to access the IP, which represents a stand-ready obligation that is satisfied over time. We recognize revenue for the total minimum guarantee specified in the agreement on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement and recognize Excess Royalties only when the annual minimum guarantee is exceeded. Generally, Excess Royalties are recognized when they are earned. As the sales reports from licensees are typically not received until after the close of the reporting period, we follow the variable consideration framework and constraint guidance using the expected value method to estimate the underlying sales volume to recognize Excess Royalties based on historical experience and general economic trends. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. 
 Direct-To-Consumer Products 
 We generate revenue from the sale of intimate and other apparel, Halloween costumes and accessories, primarily through our direct-to-consumer channels (e-commerce sites and brick-and-mortar retail stores). We recognize e-commerce revenue upon delivery of the purchased goods to the buyer as our performance obligation, consisting of the sale of goods, is satisfied at this point in time when control is transferred. We recognize retail store revenue at a point in time when a store satisfies a performance obligation and transfers control of the product to the customer. Our revenue is recognized net of incentives and estimated returns. We periodically offer promotional incentives to customers, including basket promotional code discounts and other credits, that are treated as a reduction of revenue. 
 A portion of consumer product sales is generated through third-party sellers, who list the product on their websites. These sales are either fulfilled by us or through the third-party seller s fulfillment services. We recognize the fees retained by the third-party sellers as expenses in cost of sales for inventory provided through drop-shipment arrangements. 
 We charge shipping fees to customers. Since control transfers to the customer after the shipping and handling activities, we account for these activities as fulfillment activities. All outbound shipping and handling costs are accounted for as fulfillment costs in cost of sales at the time revenue is recognized. 
 73 

period, representing the estimated period during which the customer accesses the platforms. Revenues from digital subscriptions are recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 Revenues generated from the sales of creator offerings to consumers via our creator platform on playboy.com are recognized at the point in time when the sale is processed. Revenues generated from subscriptions to our creator platform are recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 We record revenue from sales of our tokenized digital art and collectibles at the point in time when the control is transferred on a gross basis. We are primarily responsible for fulfillment of the promise, have inventory risk, and have the latitude in establishing pricing and selecting suppliers, among other factors. We determined that we are the principal in these transactions as we have custody and control of our digital assets prior to the sale to the customer, and discretion and latitude in establishing the price. 
 We also license our programming content to certain cable television operators and direct-to-home satellite television operators who pay royalties based on monthly subscriber counts and pay-per-view and video-on-demand buys for the right to distribute our programming under the terms of affiliation agreements. The distinct performance obligations under such affiliation agreements include (i) a continuous transmission service to deliver live linear feeds and (ii) licenses to our functional IP that are provided over the contract term that provide the operators the right to use our content library as it exists at a point in time. For both performance obligations, our IP is the predominant or sole item to which the royalties relate. Royalties are generally collected monthly and revenue is recognized as earned. The amount of royalties due to us is reported by operators based on actual subscriber and transaction levels. Such information is generally not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, we follow the variable consideration framework and constraint guidance to estimate the number of subscribers and transactions to recognize royalty amounts based on historical experience. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. We offer sales incentives through various programs, consisting primarily of co-op marketing. We record advertising with customers as a reduction to revenue unless we receive a distinct benefit in exchange for credits claimed by the customer and can reasonably estimate the fair value of the distinct benefit received, in which case we record it as a marketing expense. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We record a receivable when we have an unconditional right to consideration which will become due solely due to the passage of time. We record a contract asset when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing or payment is contingent upon transfer of control of an unsatisfied performance obligation. We record a contract liability (deferred revenue) when revenue is recognized subsequent to cash collection. For long-term non-cancelable contracts whereby we have begun satisfying the performance obligation, we will record contract assets for the unbilled consideration which is contingent upon our future performance. Contract assets and contract liabilities are netted on a contract-by-contract basis. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales primarily consist of merchandise costs, warehousing and fulfillment costs, agency fees, marketplace traffic acquisition costs, website expenses, credit card processing fees, personnel costs including stock-based compensation, Playboy Television operating expenses, costs associated with branding events, paper and printing costs, customer shipping and handling expenses, fulfillment activity costs, and freight-in expenses. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also have various arrangements with customers pursuant to which we reimburse them for a portion of their advertising costs in the form of co-op marketing which provide advertising benefits to us. The costs that we incur for such advertising costs are recorded as a reduction of revenue. 
 74 

We recorded manageme nt fees of , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were amounts due to or due from this affiliate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 , and the fair value of the awards is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of the stock options is estimated using the simplified method, as the Company has limited historical information from which to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior for its stock option grants. The expected term represents an estimate of the time options are expected to remain outstanding. Our restricted stock units vest ratably over the contractual vesting period and the fair value of the awards is estimated on the date of grant as the underlying value of the award. Awards with graded vesting features are recognized over the requisite service period for the entire award. Our performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") vest upon achieving each of certain PLBY's stock price milestones during the contractual vesting period. For milestones that have not been achieved, such PSUs vest over the derived requisite service period and the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. The determination of the grant date fair value of PSUs issued is affected by a number of variables and subjective assumptions, including (i) the fair value of PLBY s common stock, (ii) the expected common stock price volatility over the expected life of the award, (iii) the expected term of the award, (iv) risk-free interest rates, (v) the exercise price and (vi) the expected dividend yield. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur. 
 75 

million, including an offset to deferred rent of million, along with associated operating lease liabilities of million. 
 On January 1, 2021, we adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, and its related amendments (collectively Topic 326 ). This guidance modifies the financial instrument incurred loss impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on expected losses and to consider a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including accounts receivable. We adopted Topic 326 using a modified retrospective basis and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 
 Accounting Pronouncements Issued but Not Yet Adopted 
 In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . This ASU provides temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. This ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. It is intended to help stakeholders during the global market-wide reference rate transition period. The guidance is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. In January 2021, FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) in response to concerns about structural risks in accounting for reference rate reform. That ASU clarifies certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that affected by the discontinuing transition. LIBOR is used as an index rate for our New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 9, Debt). 
 76 

2. 
 ) ) Preferred stock liability ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities Contingent consideration liability ) ) 
 There were no transfers of Level 3 financial instruments during the periods presented. 
 77 

million and million of fair value change as a result of contingent liabilities fair value remeasurement in selling and administrative expenses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We classified financial liabilities associated with the contingent consideration as Level 3 due to the lack of relevant observable inputs. Changes in key inputs described above could have an impact on the payout of contingent consideration. 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock liability, initially valued as of May 16, 2022 (the initial issuance date), and our subsequent Series A Preferred Stock liability, valued as of the August 8, 2022 (the final issuance date), were each calculated using a stochastic interest rate model implemented in a binomial lattice, in order to incorporate the various early redemption features. The fair value option was elected for Series A Preferred Stock liability, as we believe fair value best reflects the expected future economic value. Such liabilities are subsequently remeasured to fair value for each reporting date using the same valuation methodology as originally applied with updated input assumptions. We recorded million of fair value change in nonoperating income as a result of remeasurement of the fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022, out of which million was a fair value remeasurement gain recorded upon issuance of the remaining Series A Preferred Stock on August 8, 2022. We classified financial liabilities associated with our Series A Preferred Stock as Level 3 due to the lack of relevant observable inputs. Key assumptions used are namely preferred stock yields in a range of and as of the issuance dates and as of December 31, 2022, and interest rate volatility of , changes in which could have an impact on the fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock. The weighted-average preferred stock yield rate and interest volatility were and , respectively. 
 Issuance of contingent consideration in connection with our acquisitions PSARs liability settlement ) ) Change in fair value and other ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Preferred stock liability in relation to the issuance of preferred stock Change in fair value and other ) ) ) Partial settlement of the contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of GlowUp ) ) Release of the contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of Honey Birdette ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 78 

million and million, respectively, which had a fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Fair value of digital assets held are predominantly based on Level 1 inputs. We use an income approach, using discounted cash flow and relief from royalty valuation models with Level 3 inputs to measure the fair value of our non-financial assets, including goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names, and liabilities. With respect to goodwill, key assumptions applied in an income approach using the discounted cash flow valuation model include revenue growth rates and discount rates. With respect to indefinite-lived trademarks, key assumptions used in the income approach and the relief from royalty valuation model include revenue growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. With respect to the definite-lived trade names, key assumptions used in the relief from royalty valuation model include revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. Our cash flow projections represent management's most recent planning assumptions, which are based on a combination of industry outlooks, views on general economic conditions, our expected pricing plans and expected future savings. Terminal values are determined using a common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant weighted-average cost of capital and long-term growth rates. Changes in key assumptions, namely discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates and projections, could have an impact on the fair value of our non-financial assets and liabilities. At the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022, we recorded impairment charges on our intangible assets, including goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks, trade names and certain other assets of million. such impairments were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 7, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, for further information. 
 
 3. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes in such contract balances during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relate to (i) million of revenues recognized that were included in gross contract liabilities at December 31, 2021, (ii) million increase in contract liabilities due to cash received in advance or consideration to which we are entitled remaining in the net contract liability balance at period end, (iii) million of contract assets reclassified into accounts receivable as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional and (iv) a million decrease in contract assets due to certain trademark licensing contract modifications and terminations. 
 Contract assets were million and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contract liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The changes in such contract balances during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relate to (i) million of revenues recognized that were included in gross contract liabilities at December 31, 2020, (ii) million increase in contract liabilities due to cash received in advance or consideration to which we are entitled remaining in the net contract liability balance at period end, (iii) million of contract assets reclassified into accounts receivable as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional, (iv) a million increase in contract liabilities due to the acquisition of Honey Birdette and (v) a million increase in contract assets due to certain trademark licensing contract modification. 
 79 

million, of which million relates to Trademark Licensing, million relates to Digital Subscriptions and Magazine, and million relates to other obligations. Unrecognized revenue of the Trademark Licensing revenue stream will be recognized over the next , of which will be recognized in the first . Unrecognized revenue of the Digital Subscriptions and Magazine revenue stream will be recognized over the next , of which will be recognized in the first year. Unrecognized revenues under contracts disclosed above do not include contracts for which variable consideration is determined based on the customer s subsequent sale or usage. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Digital Subscriptions and Magazine TV and Cable Programming Consumer Products Total revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Licensing Direct-to- Consumer Digital Subscriptions and Content Other Total Licensing Digital Subscriptions and Magazine TV and Cable Programming Consumer Products Total revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Licensing Direct-to- Consumer Digital Subscriptions and Content Other Total Licensing Digital Subscriptions and Magazine TV and Cable Programming Consumer Products Total revenues 
 The following table disaggregates revenue by point-in-time versus over time (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Point in time Over time Total revenues 
 
 4. 
 
 80 

Merchandise finished goods Total 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, reserves for slow-moving and obsolete inventory related to merchandise finished goods amounted to million and million, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 Prepaid foreign withholding taxes Deposits Prepaid insurance 
 Contract assets, current portion Software implementation and subscription costs Prepaid inventory not yet received Prepaid platform fees Other Total 
 In the third quarter of 2021, the Company began capitalizing implementation costs incurred through certain cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts. These costs are amortized over the terms of the arrangements, which are , and are classified in our consolidated balance sheets in prepaid expenses and other current assets or other noncurrent assets based on the terms of the arrangements, and the related cash flows are presented as cash outflows from operations . The amortization expense related to capitalized implementation costs was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 6. 
 Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Equipment Internally developed software Furniture and fixtures Total property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 In May 2021, we purchased an aircraft (the Aircraft for an aggregate purchase price of million. Subsequently, we capitalized million of costs related to the refurbishment of the Aircraft and inspecting and testing the aircraft prior to purchase, which was amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of . 
 In September 2022, we completed the sale of the Aircraft to an unaffiliated, private, third-party buyer for a sale price of million, representing a net gain on sale of million, which is reported in Gain on sale of the aircraft in the consolidated statements of operations. In connection with the sale of the Aircraft, the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged (see Note 9, Debt). 
 81 

. Costs not yet being amortized are recorded in construction in progress. 
 The aggregate depreciation expense related to property and equipment, net was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 million and million of Playboy-branded trademarks as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capitalized trademark costs include costs associated with the acquisition, registration and/or renewal of our trademarks. We expense certain costs associated with the defense of our trademarks. Registration and renewal costs capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial. 
 As a result of impacts to our revenue, attributable to macroeconomic factors, we recorded non-cash asset impairment charges related to the write-down of goodwill of million, indefinite-lived trademarks for million, trade names and certain other assets of million, at the impairment date. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for additional disclosures about impairment charges. 
 Our digital assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were comprised of the crypto currency Ethereum received for sales of our "Rabbitar" non-fungible tokens. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our digital assets held was million and million, respectively. Impairment charges related to our digital assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and , respectively. 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we accelerated million of amortization of developed software related to our GlowUp acquisition, due to the rollout of our new content creator platform. 
 Total amortizable intangible assets, net Total indefinite-lived intangible assets Total 
 Our amortizable intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Weighted- Average Life (Years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Impairments Net Carrying Amount December 31, 2022 Trade names ) ) Distribution agreements ) Customer list ) ) Developed technology ) Total ) ) _________________ 
 Includes the impairment charges on trade names of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The offset relates to foreign currency translation. 
 
 82 

) Distribution agreements ) Photo and magazine archives ) Customer list ) Developed technology ) Total ) 
 The aggregate amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Goodwill 
 Acquisition of TLA Acquisition of Honey Birdette Acquisition of GlowUp Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation adjustment in relation to Honey Birdette ) ) Impairments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Includes the impairment charges on goodwill of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The offset relates to foreign currency translation. 
 
 Changes in the recorded carrying value of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 by reportable segment were as follows (in thousands): 
 Direct-to-Consumer Licensing Digital Subscriptions and Content Balance at December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments ) Impairments ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 83 

8. 
 Accrued agency fees and commissions Outstanding gift cards and store credits Inventory in transit Taxes Other Total 
 
 9. 
 Airplane term loan, due 2026 Total debt Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: unamortized debt discount ) ) Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total debt, net of current portion 
 Term Loan 
 2014 Term Loan 
 In June 2014, we borrowed million under a four-and-one-half-year term loan maturing on December 31, 2018, at an effective rate of from DBD Credit Funding LLC pursuant to a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). From 2016 to 2020, the term loan was amended multiple times to borrow an additional million, increase the commitment amount, extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023, set up a debt reserve account and excess cash account, and to revise the quarterly principal payments and applicable margin rates, among other amendments. On May 25, 2021, the Credit Agreement was repaid in full and terminated upon completion of the refinancing described below. 
 New Term Loan 
 In May 2021, we consummated the refinancing of the term loan facility (the Refinancing ), which was scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Refinancing s new Credit and Guaranty Agreement (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the New Credit Agreement with Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and collateral agent, we obtained a new million senior secured term loan (the New Term Loan ), which was fully funded at the closing of the Refinancing. In connection with the Refinancing, we were required to pay off the prior term loan facility with an outstanding principal balance of approximately million, as well as certain fees and expenses in connection with such payoff. We financed the payoff of the prior facility with proceeds from the New Term Loan. 
 As a result of the Refinancing, we recognized a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, due to million of fees which were expensed as incurred in connection with the Refinancing, as well as the write-off of million of unamortized debt discount and deferred financing fees as a result of such Refinancing. 
 84 

term and matures in May 25, 2027. The New Term Loan accrues interest at LIBOR plus , with a LIBOR floor of through November 2022 and a LIBOR floor of , starting December 2022. The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the New Term Loan may subsequently be adjusted on periodic measurement dates provided for under the new credit agreement based on the type of loans borrowed by us and our total leverage ratio at such time. The New Term Loan required quarterly amortization payments of million, commencing on September 30, 2021, with the balance becoming due at maturity. The stated interest rate of the New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The effective interest rate of the New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Our obligations pursuant to the New Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and any current and future wholly-owned, domestic subsidiaries of the Company, subject to certain exceptions. In connection with the New Credit Agreement, the Company and the other guarantor subsidiaries of the Company entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement with the collateral agent, pursuant to which we granted a senior security interest to the agent in substantially all of our assets (including the stock of certain of our subsidiaries) in order to secure our obligations under the New Credit Agreement. 
 In August 2021, in connection with the acquisition of Honey Birdette, the New Term Loan was amended to (a) obtain a million incremental term loan for the purpose of funding the acquisition, thereby increasing the aggregate principal amount of term loan indebtedness outstanding under the New Credit Agreement to million, and (b) amend the terms of the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, permit Honey Birdette and certain of its subsidiaries to guaranty the obligations under the New Credit Agreement. In connection with such amendment, million of debt issuance costs were expensed as incurred, and million of debt discount were capitalized. 
 In August 2022, we entered into the second amendment to the New Term Loan Second Amendment ), which, among other things: (i) requires the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated cash balance of million, to be tested twice quarterly (with a -day cure period), subject to certain exceptions; (ii) requires that the Company s consolidated cash balance not fall below million for more than consecutive business days during any applicable test period (with a -day cure period to then exceed a cash balance of million); (iii) increases addbacks to the determination of the Company s consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement); (iv) sets Total Net Leverage Ratios for Test Periods (as such terms are defined in the New Credit Agreement) ending June 30, 2022 through March 31, 2023 at to 1.00, reducing quarterly thereafter at the step-downs specified in the New Credit Agreement to to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024, in each case subject to up to million of cash netting; (v) increases the per annum interest rates applicable to base rate loans to or and the per annum interest rates applicable to LIBOR loans to or , in each case plus per 0.50x increase above prior financial covenant levels during an applicable period and with the lower rates applying when the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the applicable measurement date is to 1.00 or less; (vi) allows the Company to prepay the loans under the New Credit Agreement at par and allow the Company and its investors to purchase such loans from the Lenders on a pro rata basis (subject to certain limitations set forth in the New Credit Agreement); and (vii) increases financial reporting to the Lenders and imposes certain limitations on the ability of the Company to incur further indebtedness or undertake certain transactions until the Company has significantly reduced certain leverage ratios set forth in the New Credit Agreement. 
 The cash balance requirements are subject to a dollar-for-dollar reduction for payments which reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement, and such requirements and limitations on the Company s ability to make certain restricted payments (including repurchases of its stock) terminate upon achieving a pro forma total leverage ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of less than to 1.00. designees of the Lenders will also serve as observers of the Company s board of directors until the total leverage ratio is less than to 1.00. In the event that the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement as of August 8, 2022 is not reduced by million as of December 31, 2022, then the Company shall pay to the Lenders an additional amount equal to of the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 The cash balance requirements are subject to a dollar-for-dollar reduction for payments which reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement, and were so reduced by the Company's repayment of million in December 2022, and such requirements and limitations on the Company s ability to make certain restricted payments (including repurchases of its stock) terminate upon achieving a pro forma total leverage ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of less than to 1.00. 
 In connection with such amendment, million of debt issuance costs were expensed as incurred, and million of debt discount was capitalized. 
 85 

million on or before December 30, 2022; (iii) the ability of the Company to voluntarily prepay an additional million by March 1, 2023 (the 23Q1 Payment to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2023; (iv) the ability of the Company to prepay million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for all of 2023 and to adjust the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant levels in subsequent periods; (v) the ability of the Company to prepay an aggregate of million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to eliminate the lenders board observer rights provided for under the credit agreement, to eliminate the Applicable Additional Margin (as defined in the Third Amendment), and to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2024; (vi) the ability of the Company to prepay million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the second quarter of 2024; (vii) the ability of the Company to prepay million (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of million) to entirely waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant; and (viii) a covenant by the Company to use of any gross proceeds from its next common equity capital raise to prepay the debt under the Existing Credit Agreement up to an aggregate amount of million, provided that, such cap may be reduced by any other voluntary prepayments after the date of the Third Amendment (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of million). All prepayments described above reduce the Company s cash maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement on a dollar-for-dollar basis. The other terms of the Existing Credit Agreement were remained substantially unchanged from the Second Amendment. The Company recorded million of loss on partial extinguishment of debt related to the mandatory prepayment made in the fourth quarter of 2022 pursuant to the Third Amendment. Quarterly amortization payments were decreased to million, commencing on December 31, 2022, as a result of a million prepayment made in December of 2022, with the balance still due at maturity. 
 On February 17, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 4 to the New Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ), which, among other things: (i) required that the mandatory prepayment of of PLBY's equity offering proceeds apply only to PLBY's million rights offering completed in February 2023 (thereby reducing the applicable prepayment cap to million), (ii) required an additional million prepayment by us as a condition to completing the Fourth Amendment, and (iii) reduced the prepayment threshold for waiving our Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant through June 30, 2024 to million (from the prior million prepayment threshold). Such million of prepayments has been achieved by the Company through the combination of a million prepayment in December 2022, the million prepayment made in connection with the rights offering in February 2023, and the additional million prepayment made at the completion of the Fourth Amendment. 
 
 As a result of the prepayments described above, we obtained a waiver of the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant through the second quarter of 2024, eliminated the cash maintenance covenants, eliminated the lenders board observer rights and eliminated applicable additional margin which had previously been provided for under the New Credit Agreement, as amended. The other terms of the New Credit Agreement otherwise remain substantially unchanged. 
 The terms of the New Credit Agreement limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to: incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, transfer, sell or acquire assets, pay dividends and change the business we conduct. Acquiom Agency Services LLC has a lien on all our assets as stated in the New Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant which requires the Company to maintain a maximum total gross leverage ratio (calculated as a ratio of consolidated gross funded debt to consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the New Credit Agreement). The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2021. Compliance with the financial covenants as of December 31, 2022 was waived pursuant to the terms of the Third Amendment. 
 Aircraft Term Loan 
 In May 2021, we borrowed million under a term loan maturing in May 2026 to fund the purchase of an aircraft (the Aircraft Term Loan ). The stated interest rate was as of December 31, 2021. The Aircraft Term Loan required monthly amortization payments of approximately million, commencing on July 1, 2021. We incurred million of financing costs related to the Aircraft Term Loan, which were capitalized. 
 In September 2022, in connection with the sale of the Aircraft (see Note 6, Property and Equipment, Net), the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged. A loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a prepayment penalty, was million. 
 Original issue disco unts and deferred financing costs were incurred in connection with the issuance of our term loans. Costs incurred in connection with debt are capitalized and offset against the carrying amount of the related indebtedness. These costs are amortized over the term of the related indebtedness and are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense related to deferred financing costs was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Interest expense related to our debt was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 86 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 Convertible Promissory Notes Creative Artists Agency Global Brands Group LLP 
 In August 2018, a convertible promissory note was issued to CAA Brand Management, LLC CAA for million and a convertible promissory note was issued to GBG International Holding Company Limited GBG for million. These notes were noninterest bearing and were convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. The terms of these notes were subject to negotiation in December 2020, and in December 2020, we settled the outstanding GBG note at a discount for million, resulting in a gain from settlement of million. In January 2021, the outstanding note with CAA was converted into shares of Legacy Playboy s common stock, which was exchanged for shares of our common stock upon the closing of the Business Combination in February 2021. 
 Convertible Promissory Note United Talent Agency, LLC 
 In March 2018, we issued a convertible promissory note to United Talent Agency, LLC UTA for million. In June 2018, we issued a second convertible promissory note to UTA for million. These notes were noninterest bearing and were to be convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. In January 2021, the settlement terms of the notes were amended to extend the term to the one-month anniversary of the termination or expiration of the Merger Agreement. In February 2021, the outstanding convertible notes with UTA were settled for million resulting in a gain from settlement of million. 
 
 10. 
 of the membership interest in its subsidiary, After Dark LLC, to an unaffiliated third party for million. As part of the arrangement the Company granted a put right to this party which provides the right, but not the obligation, to the third party to cause the Company to purchase all of the third party s interest in After Dark LLC at the then fair market value. This put right can be exercised on April 13 of each year. Additionally, the put right can be exercised upon a change of control of the Company. To date, the put right has not been exercised, including in connection with the Business Combination. The Company s controlling interest in this subsidiary requires the operations of this subsidiary to be included in the consolidated financial statements. Noncontrolling interest with redemption features, such as put options, that are not solely within our control (redeemable noncontrolling interest) are reported as mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, between liabilities and equity. Net income or loss of After Dark LLC is allocated to its noncontrolling member interest based on the noncontrolling member interest s ownership percentage. 
 . 
 
 11. 
 vote for each share of common stock. Common stockholders are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). As of December 31, 2022, dividends had been declared by the Board. 
 87 

Options issued and outstanding under equity incentive plans Unvested restricted stock units Vested restricted stock units not yet settled Unvested performance-based restricted stock units Vested performance-based restricted stock units not yet settled Shares to be issued pursuant to a license, services and collaboration agreement Maximum number of shares issuable to Glowup sellers pursuant to acquisition indemnity holdback Total common stock reserved for future issuance 
 Treasury Stock 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Legacy Playboy, Sponsor, and Dr. Suying Liu entered into the Insider Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which Legacy Playboy purchased shares of MCAC s common stock (the Initial Shares from Sponsor. Subject to the satisfaction of conditions set forth under the Merger Agreement, Sponsor was obligated to transfer the Initial Shares to Legacy Playboy upon the closing of the Merger or, if the Merger Agreement was terminated, upon the consummation of any other business combination. As of December 31, 2020, Legacy Playboy had paid a nonrefundable million prepayment, representing the purchase price of the Initial Shares, at a price of per share. In February 2021, the Initial Shares were transferred to us upon the closing of the Merger and reclassified from stock receivable to treasury stock as part of the recapitalization. 
 In connection with our recapitalization that occurred with the consummation of the Business Combination, we eliminated Legacy Playboy s previously held treasury stock of shares. We held shares of treasury stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 In May 2022, the Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program (the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which up to million of shares of Company common stock may be repurchased through May 31, 2024. As of the date of this report, no repurchases have been made under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 12. 
 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. Of the authorized preferred shares, shares are designated as "Series A Preferred Stock". On May 16, 2022, we issued and sold shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Drawbridge DSO Securities LLC (the Purchaser at a price of per share, resulting in total gross proceeds to us of million. We incurred approximately million of fees associated with the transaction, out of which million was netted against the gross proceeds. 
 On August 8, 2022, the Company issued and sold the remaining shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Purchaser at a price of per share, resulting in additional gross proceeds to the Company of million (the Second Drawdown ). The Company incurred approximately million of fees associated with the Second Drawdown, which were netted against the gross proceeds. As a result of the transaction, all of the Company s authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding as of August 8, 2022. 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock liability, initially valued as of May 16, 2022 (the initial issuance date), and our subsequent Series A Preferred Stock liability, valued as of the August 8, 2022 (the final issuance date), were each calculated using a stochastic interest rate model implemented in a binomial lattice, in order to incorporate the various early redemption features. Such liabilities are subsequently remeasured to fair value for each reporting date using the same valuation methodology as originally applied with updated input assumptions. We recorded million of fair value change in nonoperating income as a result of remeasurement of the fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022, out of which million was a fair value remeasurement gain recorded upon issuance of the remaining Series A Preferred Stock on August 8, 2022. The fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock liability was million, which includes million of cumulative preferred dividends, as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior and in priority of payment to the Company s common stock with respect to distributions on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has an initial liquidation preference of per share (the Liquidation Preference ). Upon an involuntary liquidation event, the Liquidation Preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock will be the sum of (i) the (subject to adjustments set forth in the Certificate of Designation), plus (ii) all accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon through, but not including, the date of such liquidation. 
 88 

per annum from the date of issuance until the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance, and thereafter such rate will increase quarterly by . Dividends were accumulated and not paid on the Series A Preferred Stock in 2022. The aggregate and per-share amounts of arrearages of such accumulated dividends as of December 31, 2022 were million and , respectively. 
 At any time, the Company has the right, at its option, to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part. The Company will also be required to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in full on September 30, 2027, or upon certain changes of control of the Company, subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designation. 
 The redemption price will be equal to the initial Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed multiplied by (i) if any applicable redemption date occurs on or prior to the first anniversary of the closing of a sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, , (ii) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the first anniversary of the closing, but prior to or on the second anniversary of the closing, , (iii) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the second anniversary of the closing, but prior to or on the third anniversary of the closing, , (iv) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the third anniversary of the closing, but prior to or on the fourth anniversary of the closing, , and (v) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the fourth anniversary of the closing, , plus, in each case, a pro rata portion of the increase in the value of the shares of common stock repurchased with the proceeds of the offering of the Series A Preferred Stock as of the applicable redemption date, as set forth in the Certificate of Designation. 
 The redemption price will be payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election. The number of shares potentially issuable in connection with a redemption is limited by applicable stock exchange rules and ownership limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designation. 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will generally not be entitled to vote on any matter required or permitted to be voted upon by the shareholders of the Company. However, certain matters will require the approval of the holders of not less than the majority of the aggregate Liquidation Preference of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, including (1) the incurrence or issuance by the Company of certain indebtedness or shares of senior equity securities, (2) certain restricted payments by the Company, (3) certain consolidations, amalgamations or merger transactions involving the Company, (4) certain amendments to the organizational documents of the Company, (5) the incurrence of indebtedness or preferred equity securities by certain subsidiaries of the Company and (6) certain business activities of the Company. 
 
 13. 
 of Legacy Playboy s common shares were originally reserved for issuance. Our employees, directors, officers, and consultants are eligible to receive nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, and other share awards under the 2018 Plan. All stock options and restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2018 Plan in 2019 and 2020 that were outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination were accelerated and fully vested (other than the Pre-Closing Option), and subsequently converted into options to purchase or the right to receive shares of our common stock as described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The impact of the acceleration of the vesting of stock options and restric ted stock unit awards was an expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On February 9, 2021, our stockholders approved our 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, w hich became effective following co nsummation of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 , shares were authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan. In addition, the shares authorized for the 2021 Plan may be increased on an annual basis via an evergreen refresh mechanism for a period of up to years, beginning with the fiscal year that begins January 1, 2022, in an amount equal up to of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Following the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, no further awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan, but the 2018 Plan will remain outstanding and continue to govern outstanding awards granted thereunder. 
 89 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited and cancelled ) Balance December 31, 2022 Exercisable December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of all outstanding and exercisable stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022. 
 The grant date fair value of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. There were stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 had a weighted-average fair value of and per share, respectively, at the grant date. Cash received by the Company from the exercise of options granted under share-based compensation arrangements was million, million and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total tax benefit realized from option exercises was million, million and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. We had outstanding and fully vested restricted stock units remained unsettled at December 31, 2022, all of which are expected to be resolved in 2023. As such, they are excluded from outstanding shares of common stock but are included in weighted-average shares outstanding for the calculation of basic net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. The total tax benefit realized from restricted stock units vested was million in 2022, and in 2021 and 2020. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 Our performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") vest upon achieving each of certain Company stock price milestones during the contractual vesting period. The stock price milestones vary among grantees and are set forth in each grantee s PSU grant agreement (for example, achievement of each of the following 30-day volume-weighted average prices for a share of Company common stock: 20, 30, 40 and 50). The vesting of PSUs is subject to each grantee s continued service to the Company. 
 
 90 

, (ii) the expected common stock price volatility over the expected life of the award of , (iii) the term of the award of years, (iv) risk-free interest rate of , (v) the exercise price as described above, and (vi) the expected dividend yield of . Forfeitures are recognized when they occur. The total tax impact realized from performance stock units vested was million of expense in 2022 and a million benefit in 2021. The Company used the same model to calculate the derived service period for each tranche of performance-based stock corresponding to each stock price threshold, resulting in a weighted average derived service period of years and years for the 2022 and 2021 grants, respectively. For milestones that have not been achieved, such PSUs vest over the derived requisite service period and the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding balance at December 31, 2022 
 There were performance-based restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total fair value of performance-based restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately million. 
 Stock Options Granted 
 To determine the value of stock option awards for stock-based compensation purposes, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment. 
 Fair value of common stock Prior to the Business Combination, the fair value of our shares of common stock underlying the awards has historically been determined by the Board of Directors with input from management and contemporaneous third-party valuations, as there was no public market for our common stock. The Board of Directors determined the fair value of the common stock by considering a number of objective and subjective factors including: the valuation of comparable companies, our operating and financial performance, the lack of liquidity of our common stock, transactions in our common stock, and general and industry specific economic outlook, among other factors. Subsequent to the Business Combination, the fair value of our common stock is based on the quoted price of our common stock. 
 Expected term For employee awards granted at-the-money, we estimate the expected term based on the simplified method, which is the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term for each award since our historical share option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. For nonemployee awards and employee awards granted out-of-the-money, our best estimate of the expected term is the contractual term of the award. 
 Volatility We derive the volatility from the average historical stock volatilities of several peer public companies over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards as we do not have sufficient historical trading history for our stock. We selected companies with comparable characteristics to us, including enterprise value, risk profiles, and position within the industry and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected term of the stock options. We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available. 
 Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant, the term of which is consistent with the expected life of the award. 
 Dividend yield We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of . 
 
 91 

- 
 - 
 Expected term, in years - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Selling and administrative expenses Total 
 (1) Cost of sales includes million, million and of stock-based compensation expense associated with equity awards granted to an independent contractor for services pursuant to the terms of a license, services and collaboration agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The expense presented in the table above is net of capitalized stock-based compensation relating to software development costs of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 million and is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average service period of years. Unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested performance-based stock units and restricted stock units was million and is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average service period of years. 
 
 14. 
 million and million in cash collateralized letters of credit related to our corporate headquarters lease as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We sublease a part of our New York office space for a period approximating the remaining term of our lease. Our New York office lease expires in 2024. 
 Pursuant to the acquisition of TLA, as disclosed in Note 17, Business Combinations, we had retail stores, office and warehouse space as of December 31, 2022, which TLA leases and operates in Washington, Oregon, California, Texas and Tennessee for the purpose of selling its products to customers. The majority of the leases are triple net leases, for which TLA, as a lessee, is responsible for paying rent as well as common area maintenance, insurance and taxes. Lease terms run between two and years in length, with the average lease term being approximately and in many cases include renewal options. 
 Pursuant to the acquisition of Honey Birdette, as disclosed in Note 17, Business Combinations, we had retail stores and office spaces as of December 31, 2022, which Honey Birdette leases and operates in Australia, the United States and the United Kingdom for the purpose of selling its products to customers. The majority of the leases are triple net leases, for which Honey Birdette, as a lessee, is responsible for paying rent as well as common area maintenance, insurance and taxes. Lease terms run between two and years in length, with the average lease term being approximately and in many cases include renewal options. 
 92 

million. Lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is included in the table below. Lease cost charged to cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was immaterial. Most of our leases include or more options to renew, with renewal terms that generally can extend the lease term for an additional four to . The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. The extension period has not been included in the determination of the right of use asset or the lease liability, as we concluded that it is not reasonably certain that we would exercise such option. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the weighted average remaining term of these operating le ases was yea rs and the weighted average discount rate used to estimate the net present value of the operating lease liabilities was and , respectively . Cash payments for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities were million and million for th e years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) Net lease cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current portion Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent portion 
 The following table sets forth the future minimum lease commitments and future sublease income as of December 31, 2020, under operating leases with initial or remaining noncancelable terms in excess of one year prior to the adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Minimum 
 Lease 
 Commitments 
 Sublease 
 Income 
 2021 ) 2022 ) 2023 ) 2024 ) 2025 Thereafter Total ) 
 93 

million in damages arising from the loss of expected profits, declines in the value of TNR s business, unsalable inventory and investment losses. After Playboy indicated it would move to dismiss the complaint, TNR received two extensions of time from the court to file an amended complaint. TNR filed its amended complaint on March 16, 2022. On April 25, 2022, Playboy filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. That motion was partially granted, and the court dismissed TNR s claims under California franchise laws without leave to amend. The parties participated in a court-ordered mediation on February 3, 2023, which did not result in any settlement or resolution of the remaining claims asserted by TNR against Playboy. A trial date has been set for September 26, 2023. We believes TNR s claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously. 
 94 

million towards the settlement of claims against Playboy made by Elliot Friedman. Among other things, we are seeking declaratory relief that the underlying claims asserted against Playboy are covered claims under Playboy s insurance policies with Indian Harbor. On December 14, 2018, Indian Harbor filed its answer to the complaint and filed counterclaims against Playboy for declaratory relief that it has no obligation to provide coverage for the underlying claims and that it is entitled to recoup the amounts it paid in the settlement, with interest. Indian Harbor filed a motion for summary judgment, seeking, among other things, summary adjudication that (1) the insurance policy does not provide coverage because the underlying claim was allegedly first made before the policy period of the policy and (2) that Indian Harbor does not have to provide coverage because Playboy allegedly failed to provide timely notice of the claim. On September 9, 2020, the Court denied Indian Harbor s motion, in part, ruling as a matter of law that Playboy had properly reported the underlying claim under the correct policy; but granted the motion as to Playboy s breach of contract and bad faith claims because Indian Harbor ultimately funded the settlement. Based on the summary judgment ruling, the parties agreed to enter into a stipulated judgment in Playboy s favor to advance the issues for appeal, with Indian Harbor intending to appeal the Court s decision as to when the underlying claim was first made. The Court entered the parties stipulated judgment on July 26, 2021. On October 15, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its notice of appeal. On December 13, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its opening appellate brief, and we filed our response on April 14, 2022. Indian Harbor filed its reply brief on July 1, 2022. The parties presented oral arguments in front of the appellate court on September 21, 2022. On October 4, 2022, the California appellate court affirmed the Court s ruling, dismissing Indian Harbor s claims against Playboy. As such ruling was not appealed, this case was finally resolved in Playboy's favor. 
 Dream Case 
 
 On December 7, 2021, Steve Shaw, a former consultant to GlowUp Digital, Inc. (a/k/a Dream and subsequently renamed Centerfold Digital Inc.), the company acquired by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, brought suit in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, against Michael Dow and Michael Berman (the principals of Dream), Centerfold Digital Inc. and Playboy. Mr. Shaw alleged a variety of claims, based upon an alleged (unsigned) agreement with Dream that Mr. Shaw was to be granted up to of the equity of Dream (valued at million based on the million purchase price in the agreement for the Company s acquisition of Dream). Subsequent to such alleged agreement and prior to the Company s acquisition of Dream, Dream and Mr. Shaw entered into a standard mutual release agreement pursuant to which Mr. Shaw released any claims against Dream, including any rights to equity in Dream, in exchange for a monetary payment. Mr. Shaw alleged, among other things, breach of contract, misrepresentation and fraud in connection with his alleged agreement with Dream and the circumstances under which he entered into the release. On February 7, 2022, the defendants filed a motion to compel arbitration of this matter pursuant to the arbitration provision in the release agreement. At plaintiff s request, the court dismissed the state court case on March 4, 2022, without prejudice. It is possible that the plaintiff may re-file his case in arbitration, but, to the Company s knowledge, he has not yet done so. Playboy believes Mr. Shaw s claims and allegations are without merit, and Playboy will defend itself vigorously in this matter if it is resumed. 
 We may periodically be involved in other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 COVID-19 
 In March 2020, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. Since that time, we have focused on protecting our employees, customers and vendors to minimize potential disruptions while managing through this pandemic. Nonetheless, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued to disrupt and delay global supply chains, affect production and sales across a range of industries and result in legal restrictions requiring businesses to close and consumers to stay at home for days-to-months at a time. Such impacts affected China in particular in 2022, as quarantine restrictions and business closures slowed the Chinese economy, causing manufacturing and shipping delays and reducing retail sales. As a result of such disruptions, licensing revenues from certain gaming and retail licensees, including our Chinese licensees, declined in 2022, as compared to prior periods. However, as of the date of this Annual Report, our business as a whole has not suffered any material adverse consequences to date directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our future operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the further duration and spread of the outbreak and its impact on employees and vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, the full extent to which COVID-19 may impact our future financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. 
 95 

15. ) Foreign ) ) Total ) )) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total current expense from income taxes ) ) ) Deferred benefit (expense) from income taxes: Federal State ) ) Foreign Total deferred benefit (expense) from income taxes ) Total ) 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit ) Foreign withholding taxes, net of credits (1) 
 ) ) Transaction costs ) Change in the statutory rate ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Equity compensation (2) 
 ) ) Foreign rate differential Adjustment to deferred taxes 
 ) Impairments ) Contingent Consideration Other ) Effective rate 
 (1) Forei gn withholding taxes, net of credits relate to foreign tax withholding on royalties received from various foreign jurisdictions. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") was signed into law in the United States and includes a 15 book minimum tax on corporations with financial accounting profits over 1 billion and a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks. The IRA also contains numerous clean energy tax incentives related to electricity production, carbon sequestration, alternative vehicles and fuels, and residential and commercial energy efficiency. The IRA did not have any material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 
 96 

Tax credit carryforwards Deferred revenue Stock compensation Investment in partnership Fixed Assets Lease liabilities Other deductible temporary differences Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets ) Intangible assets ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Other deductible temporary differences ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) 
 The realization of deferred income tax assets may be dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient income in future years in the associated jurisdiction to which the deferred tax assets relate. The Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and recent financial performance. Based on the review of all positive and negative evidence, including a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss, the Company concluded that except for the deferred tax liability recorded on certain indefinite life intangibles, it should record a full valuation allowance against all other net deferred income tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 as none of these deferred income tax assets were more likely than not to be realized as of the balance sheet dates. However, the amount of the deferred income tax assets considered realizable may be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present. Based on the level of historical operating results the Company has recorded a valuation allowan ce of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s valuation allowance increased by million and decreased by million, respectively, mainly driven by certain stock compensation deferred tax assets due to the officers' compensation limitation, and the expiration of state NOLs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, available to offset taxable income in tax year 2022 and thereafter. Of the million in federal NOL carryforwards, million can be carried forward indefinitely, and the remaining NOL carryforwards start to expire in 2028. Of the million in state NOL carryforwards, million can be carried forward indefinitely and the remaining start to expire in 2022. The Company also had Australian NOLs of million that can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 97 

Increase (decrease) for positions taken in the prior year Increase (decrease) for positions taken in the current year Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities Decrease from lapse in statute of limitations Balance at the end of the year 
 The Company records a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained with the taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. The Company records a reduction to deferred tax assets for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions as discrete tax adjustments in the first period that the more-likely-than-not threshold is not met. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded unrecognized tax benefits of million. All unrecognized tax benefits are related to foreign withholding taxes on the Company s licensing revenue. 
 The reversal of the uncertain tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate. The Company has not incurred any material interest or penalties as of the current reporting period with respect to income tax matters. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. We estimate that of the unrecognized tax benefits will be recognized over the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits recorded in the Company's consolidated statements of operations or consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company is subject to examinations by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the U.S. federal and states as well as foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examination by the U.S. federal, state or local tax authorities for years ended December 31, 2017 or prior; however, its tax attributes, such as NOL carryforwards, are still subject to examination in the year they are used. In our foreign tax jurisdictions, the statute of limitation for tax years after 2016 remain open for examinations in Australia, and for tax years after 2020 in the UK. 

16.) ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Vested restricted stock units not issued Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted Net loss per share basic and diluted 
 
 98 

Unvested restricted stock units Unvested performance-based restricted stock units Convertible promissory notes Total 
 
 17. 
 of the equity of TLA Acquisition Corp. TLA for cash consideration of million. TLA is the parent company of the Lovers family of stores, a leading omnichannel online and brick-and-mortar sexual wellness chain, with stores in states. The primary drivers for the acquisition were to leverage TLA s brick-and-mortar presence, e-commerce capabilities, attractive brand positioning and customer database. 
 Property and equipment Accounts payable ) Other net assets ) Total net assets Intangible assets: Trade name Total intangible assets Net assets acquired Purchase consideration Goodwill 
 The estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was determined by our management. TLA s inventory consists of merchandise finished goods and its fair value was measured as net realizable value, or the selling price of the inventory less costs of disposal and a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. Trade name consists of the TLA trade name/domain and its fair value was estimated using a relief-from-royalty method. The useful life of the TLA trade name was estimated to be . Unfavorable leasehold interest is due to the fair values of acquired lease contracts having contractual rents higher than fair market rents. This liability will be wound down as an offset to rent expense over a period, which is the average remaining contractual life of the acquired leases. The unfavorable leasehold interest liability is included in the other net assets amount in the table above. 
 The total acquisition consideration was greater than the fair value of the net assets acquired resulting in the recognition of goodwill of million. The factors that make up the goodwill amount primarily pertain to the value of the expected synergies resulting in strengthening and expansion of our e-commerce and brick-and-mortar market positions. Although this TLA acquisition does not give rise to any new tax deductible goodwill, TLA has tax deductible goodwill of million from a previous acquisition. 
 TLA s operating results were consolidated with ours beginning on March 1, 2021. Therefore, the consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same periods in 2021 and 2020. 
 99 

Costs and expenses Cost of sales ) Selling and administrative expenses ) Total costs and expenses ) Operating income Nonoperating income Income taxes expense ) Net income 
 Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 
 million and million, respectively. The unaudited pro forma financial information is for comparative purposes only and is not nec essarily indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisition been made at that date or of results which may occur in the future (in thousands). 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 As Reported Pro Forma As Reported Pro Forma Net revenues Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Acquisition of Honey Birdette 
 On June 28, 2021, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire Honey Birdette, a company organized under the laws of Australia. Pursuant to the SPA, on August 9, 2021, we acquired all of the capital stock of Honey Birdette. Aggregate consideration for the acquisition consisted of approximately million in cash and shares of our common stock. The Closing Date per share price of our common stock of resulted in total consideration transferred of million. As a result of the transaction, Honey Birdette became our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 On August 19, 2021, an additional shares of Company common stock were issued to the Honey Birdette sellers pursuant to the terms of the FY21 true-up under the SPA. 
 Honey Birdette, with stores as of December 31, 2022 across continents, expands our brand portfolio with a new high-end franchise, and provides us with product design, sourcing and direct-to-consumer capabilities that we believe can be leveraged to accelerate the growth of our core apparel and sexual wellness businesses. 
 as of the Closing Date. 
 
 Cash consideration Stock consideration: Transferred shares (1) 
 Lock-up shares (2) 
 Total consideration transferred 
 
 (1) The fair value of approximately shares of common stock of the Company transferred to the sellers based on a price of per share at closing. 
 (2 The fair value of approximately shares of common stock of the Company issued and held at the Company s transfer agent account based on a price of per share at closing, and true-up adjustments representing a fair value of the settlement at closing based on Honey Birdette s fiscal year 2021 EBITDA results and price per share of at Closing, as well as fiscal year 2022 forecasted revenue. The fiscal year 2021 EBITDA and Closing true-up resulted in shares of our common stock being issued to the Honey Birdette sellers on August 19, 2021. 
 
 100 

Inventory Property and equipment Other tangible net assets (liabilities) ) Unfavorable leasehold interest, net ) Trade name Deferred tax liability ) Total net assets acquired Purchase consideration Goodwill 
 The estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was determined by our management. Honey Birdette s inventory consists of merchandise finished goods, and its fair value was measured as net realizable value, or the selling price of the inventory less costs of disposal and a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. Trade name consists of the Honey Birdette trade name/domain, and its fair value was estimated using a relief-from-royalty method. The useful life of the Honey Birdette trade name was estimated to be years. Unfavorable leasehold interest, net is due to the fair values of acquired lease contracts having contractual rents higher than fair market rents. This liability will be wound down as an offset to rent expense over the remaining contractual life of the acquired leases. 
 The updates to the estimated purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2021 were primarily due to a decrease in inventory step up adjustment. The total acquisition consideration was greater than the fair value of the net assets acquired resulting in the recognition of goodwill of million. The factors that make up the goodwill amount primarily pertain to the value of the expected synergies resulting in strengthening and expansion of our e-commerce and brick-and-mortar market positions. 
 The acquisition was a tax-free acquisition as we acquired the carryover tax basis of Honey Birdette s assets and liabilities. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded estimated deferred tax liabilities of million and there was no associated tax deduction for goodwill in connection with such acquisition . 
 Honey Birdette s operating results are consolidated with our operating results beginning on August 9, 2021. Therefore, our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same period in 2021 and 2020. 
 
 101 

Costs and expenses: Cost of sales ) Selling and administrative expenses ) Total costs and expenses ) Operating income Nonoperating income Benefit (expense) from income taxes Net income 
 Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 
 million under our New Credit Agreement used to partially finance the acquisition; (iv) amortization of the inventory fair value step-up adjustment; (v) tax adjustments calculated using an estimated blended statutory rate of based on the predominant taxable jurisdictions of Honey Birdette; and (vi) certain adjustments to convert Honey Birdette s consolidated income statements from IFRS to U.S. GAAP. Transaction costs incurred by us and Honey Birdette during the year ended December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. The unaudited pro forma financial information is for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisition been made at that date or of results which may occur in the future (in thousands). 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 As Reported Pro Forma As Reported Pro Forma Net revenues Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Acquisition of GlowUp 
 On October 22, 2021, we completed the acquisition (the GlowUp Merger of all of the equity of GlowUp Digital Inc., a Delaware corporation GlowUp ), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 15, 2021 (the GlowUp Agreement ), by and among the Company, PB Global Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Dream Merger Sub ), GlowUp and Michael Dow, solely in his capacity as representative of the holders of the outstanding shares of GlowUp s common stock and of the holders of the outstanding SAFEs (Simple Agreements for Future Equity) issued by GlowUp. At the effective time of the GlowUp Merger, the separate corporate existence of Dream Merger Sub ceased, and GlowUp survived the GlowUp Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company under the name Centerfold Digital Inc. 
 At the closing of the GlowUp Merger, in accordance with the terms of the GlowUp Agreement, including certain adjustments to the GlowUp Merger consideration determined as of the closing, (i) holders of GlowUp s equity securities that are accredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) holders of GlowUp equity securities that are non-accredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, in cash. Pursuant to the GlowUp Agreement, the number of GlowUp Merger consideration shares was determined based on a price per share of , which was the volume weighted average closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market over the consecutive trading day period ending on (and including) the trading day immediately preceding the execution of the GlowUp Agreement (i.e., October 14, 2021), representing aggregate closing consideration of approximately million. In addition, million in transaction expenses were paid by the Company on behalf of the sellers as of closing. Contingent consideration of up to an additional shares of our stock and million in cash in the aggregate may be issued or paid (as applicable) to GlowUp s equity holders upon the release of the portion thereof held back in respect of indemnification obligations or the satisfaction of performance criteria, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the GlowUp Agreement. The fair value of contingent consideration at closing was valued at million, million of which was classified as equity and million was recorded in current liabilities. The closing date per share price of the Company s common stock of resulted in total consideration transferred valued at million at closing. 
 102 

Stock consideration Contingent consideration Total consideration transferred 
 The acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration to be settled in shares or paid in cash (as applicable) to GlowUp s equity holders upon the release of the portion thereof held back in respect of indemnification obligations or the satisfaction of performance criteria was determined based on the likelihood of issuing stock or paying cash related to the contingent clauses, as part of the consideration transferred. For contingent consideration to be settled in common stock, we use public market data to determine the fair value of the shares as of the acquisition date and on an ongoing basis. See Note 2, Fair Value Measurements, for subsequent measurements of these contingent liabilities. 
 Deferred tax liability ) Total net assets acquired Purchase consideration Goodwill 
 The estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was determined by our management. Developed technology has a useful life of . 
 The total acquisition consideration was greater than the fair value of the net assets acquired resulting in the recognition of goodwill of million. The factors that make up the goodwill amount primarily pertain to the value of the expected synergies resulting in strengthening and expansion of our digital subscription positions. 
 The acquisition was a tax-free acquisition as we acquired the carryover tax basis of GlowUp s assets and liabilities. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded estimated deferred tax liabilitie s of million and there was no associated tax deduction for goodwill in connection with such acquisition . 
 The results of our content creator platform are consolidated with our operating results beginning on October 22, 2021. Therefore, our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 may not be comparable to the same period in 2020. Our content creator platform s results of operations included in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 18. 
 components: a 401(k) plan and a profit-sharing plan. Eligible employees may participate in our 401(k) plan upon their date of hire. The 401(k) plan offers several mutual fund investment options. The purchase of our stock has never been an option. We make matching contributions to the 401(k) plan based on each participating employee s contributions and eligible compensation. The matching contribution expense related to this plan was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We are also party to an Australian contribution plan that requires contributions based on a percentage of annual compensation. Contributions to these plans totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The profit-sharing plan covers all employees who have completed months of service or at least hours. Our discretionary contribution to the profit-sharing plan is distributed to each eligible employee s account in an amount equal to the ratio of each eligible employee s compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations, to the total compensation paid to all such employees. We did t make any contributions to the plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 103 

19. 
 reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. The Licensing segment derives revenue from trademark licenses for third-party consumer products and location-based entertainment businesses, including online gaming. The Direct-to-Consumer segment derives revenue from sales of consumer products sold through third-party retailers, online direct-to-customer or brick-and-mortar through our recently acquired sexual wellness chain, Lovers, with stores in states stores as of December 31, 2022), and lingerie company, Honey Birdette, with stores in countries, as disclosed in Note 17, Business Combinations stores as of December 31, 2022). The Digital Subscriptions and Content segment derives revenue from the subscription of Playboy programming that is distributed through various channels, including websites and domestic and international television, and from sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer is our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ). Segment information is presented in the same manner that our CODM reviews the operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. Total asset information is not included in the tables below as it is not provided to and reviewed by our CODM. The All Other line items in the tables below are primarily attributable to Playboy magazine and brand marketing and these segments do not meet the quantitative threshold for determining reportable segments. We discontinued publishing Playboy magazine in the first quarter of 2020. The Corporate line item in the tables below includes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to the reporting segments presented to our CODM. These expenses include legal, human resources, accounting/finance, information technology and facilities. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Direct-to-consumer Digital subscriptions and content All other Total Operating income (loss): Licensing ) Direct-to-consumer ) ) ) Digital subscriptions and content ) Corporate ) ) ) All other ) Total ) ) Depreciation and amortization: Licensing ) ) Direct-to-Consumer ) ) ) Digital Subscriptions and Content ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) All other ) Total ) ) ) Goodwill: Licensing Direct-to-consumer Digital subscriptions and content Total 
 104 

United States Australia UK Other Total 
 December 31, Long-lived assets: 2022 2021 Australia United States Other Total 

20. 
 
 of a share of Common Stock. On January 9, 2023, we filed a prospectus supplement extending the expiration date and amending the subscription price of the rights offering. Each subscription right entitled holders to purchase of a share of common stock at a subscription price per whole share of common stock equal to the lesser of (i) and (ii) eighty-five percent of the VWAP (as defined below) of a share of our common stock for the ten trading day period through and including January 20, 2023 (the lesser of (i) and (ii), the Subscription Price ). VWAP means, for any trading day, the volume-weighted average price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ), as reported by Bloomberg L.P. between 9:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on such date. All holders of record were required to subscribe assuming the initial Subscription Price of per share. At the expiration of the rights offering on January 23, 2023, the final Subscription Price was per share. The rights offering was completed in February 2023, and we issued shares of common stock for gross proceeds of million. We received net proceeds of approximately million from the rights offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses. We used million of the net proceeds from the rights offering for repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement, and we intend to use the remainder for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 On January 16, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Playboy Enterprises, Inc. agreed with Charactopia Licensing Limited Charactopia ), the brand management unit of Fung Group, to enter into a shareholders agreement to form Playboy China , a joint venture (the China JV that will jointly own and operate the Playboy consumer products business in parts of the China market, including mainland China. The China JV will be governed by a board of directors that will include representatives from both the Company and Charactopia, with the Company retaining majority ownership of the China JV. 
 
 On January 18, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with purchasers led by Michael Serruya at Serruya Private Equity and Broadband Capital Investments (the Purchasers for the sale of up to million of shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers agreed to purchase million of shares of Common Stock (the Initial Investment and, to the extent that our previously announced rights offering was not fully subscribed, up to an additional million (the Backstop Investment of shares of Common Stock, in each case at a price per share equal to the subscription price for the rights offering, which is per share. On January 24, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for the Initial Investment and an additional shares of Common Stock for the million commitment fee under the Securities Purchase Agreement. We received million in gross proceeds from the Initial Investment, and net proceeds of approximately million from the registered direct offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses, with such net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, which could include the repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement. Due to the rights offering being over-subscribed, we did not issue any shares of common stock pursuant to the Backstop Investment. 
 105 

of our outstanding shares of common stock in the aggregate following any acquisition of common stock during the standstill period. The standstill period means any period from and after January 30, 2023 in which RTM and their affiliates collectively own, beneficially or of record, more than of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 On February 17, 2023, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to the New Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 9, Debt for further details. 
 
 106 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
 
 Based on the evaluation performed as of December 31, 2022, as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that are described below in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by such company's board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 107 

Management has determined that the Company had the following material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting: 
 
 Control Environment, Risk Assessment, and Monitoring 
 
 We did not maintain appropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the control environment, risk assessment procedures, and effective monitoring controls to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements. These deficiencies were attributed to: (i) lack of structure and responsibility, insufficient number of qualified resources and inadequate oversight and accountability over the performance of controls, (ii) ineffective identification and assessment of risks impacting internal control over financial reporting, and (iii) ineffective evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal control were present and functioning. 
 
 Control Activities and Information and Communication 
 
 These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses within certain business processes and the information technology environment: 
 
 We did not fully design, implement and monitor general information technology controls in the areas of program change management, user access, and segregation of duties for systems supporting substantially all of the Company s internal control processes. Accordingly, the Company did not have effective automated process-level controls, and manual controls that are dependent upon the information derived from the IT systems are also determined to be ineffective. 
 
 We did not design and implement, and retain appropriate documentation of formal accounting policies, procedures and controls across substantially all of the Company s business processes to achieve timely, complete, accurate financial accounting, reporting, and disclosures. Additionally, we did not design and implement controls maintained at the corporate level which are at a sufficient level of precision to provide for the appropriate level of oversight of business process activities and related controls. 
 
 We did not appropriately design and implement management review controls at a sufficient level of precision around complex accounting areas and disclosure including asset impairments, income tax, digital assets, stock-based compensation and lease accounting. 
 
 We did not appropriately design and implement controls over the existence, accuracy, completeness, valuation and cutoff of inventory. 
 
 Although these material weaknesses did not result in any material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements for the periods presented, they could lead to a material misstatement of account balances or disclosures. Accordingly, management has concluded that these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses. 
 
 Remediation Efforts 
 
 We have begun the process of, and we are focused on, designing and implementing effective internal controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses. Our internal control remediation efforts include the following: 
 
 We hired additional qualified accounting resources and outside resources to segregate key functions within our financial and information technology processes supporting our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 We are in the process of reassessing and formalizing the design of certain accounting and information technology policies relating to security and change management controls. 
 
 We engaged an outside firm to assist management with (i) reviewing our current processes, procedures, and systems and assessing the design of controls to identify opportunities to enhance the design of controls that would address relevant risks identified by management, and (ii) enhancing and implementing protocols to retain sufficient documentary evidence of operating effectiveness of such controls. 
 
 In addition to implementing and refining the above activities, we expect to engage in additional remediation activities in fiscal year 2023, including: 
 
 Continuing to enhance and formalize our accounting, business operations, and information technology policies, procedures, and controls to achieve complete, accurate, and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures. 
 
 Complete the implementation of our new enterprise reporting software and other system integrations, and establish effective general controls over these systems to ensure that our automated process level controls and information produced and maintained in our IT systems is relevant and reliable. 
 
 Implementation of a new warehouse management system, and redesigning certain inventory process controls to increase the level of precision. 
 108 

Designing and implementing controls that address the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the performance of controls over accounting transactions and disclosures. 
 
 Enhancing policies and procedures to retain adequate documentary evidence for certain management review controls over certain business processes including precision of review and evidence of review procedures performed to demonstrate effective operation of such controls. 
 
 Developing monitoring controls and protocols that will allow us to timely assess the design and the operating effectiveness of controls over financial reporting and make necessary changes to the design of controls, if any. 
 
 While these actions and planned actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, we are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, BDO USA, LLP, as auditor of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As described above, we are in the process of implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses described herein. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but there can be no assurance that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited PLBY Group, Inc. s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions taken by the Company after the date of management s assessment. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 109 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Material weaknesses have been identified and described in management s assessment. These material weaknesses related to management s failure to design and maintain effective controls over financial reporting, specifically related to the following: (1) entity-level controls impacting the control environment, risk assessment procedures, and monitoring controls to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements; (2) general information technology controls related to program change management, user access, and segregation of duties for systems supporting substantially all of the Company s internal control processes; (3) documentation of formal accounting policies, procedures and controls across all business processes as well as design and maintenance of controls at the corporate level at a sufficient level of precision; (4) design and implementation of management review controls at a sufficient level of precision over complex accounting areas and related disclosures, including asset impairments, digital assets, stock-based compensation, income tax and lease accounting; and, (5) the design and implementation of controls over the existence, accuracy, completeness, valuation and cutoff of inventory. 
 
 These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 16, 2023, on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 110 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information relating to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors, Executive Officers and Additional Director Information and Corporate Governance in the Company s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information relating to the compensation of our executive officers and directors is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in the 2023 Proxy Statement (provided that the Pay-Versus-Performance disclosure shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information relating to the ownership of our securities by certain beneficial owners and our management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Ownership of Common Stock in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information relating to related party transactions and director independence is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related-Party and Other Transactions and Director Independence in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information relating to the principal accounting services provided to the Company and the fees for such services is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Principal Accountant Fees and Services in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 111 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 
 (b) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule. 
 
 Schedule II -Valuation and Qualifying Account 
 
 (in thousands) Balance at Beginning of Year Costs Charged to Expenses Deductions and Write-offs Balance at End of Year Year Ended December 31, 2020 Reserve for inventory 209 19 228 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Reserve for inventory 228 1,239 1,467 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Reserve for inventory 1,467 3,503 4,970 
 
 (c) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp, MCAC Merger Sub Inc., Suying Liu and Playboy Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to MCAC s Preliminary Proxy Statement file with the SEC on November 9, 2020). 
 2.2 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., PLBY Australia Pty Ltd, Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Limited, the sellers party thereto, and Ray Itaoui, as the sellers representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of PLBY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021) 
 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PLBY Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of PLBY Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021) 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022) 
 4.1 
 Description of registrant's securities. 
 10.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp and certain institutional and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of MCAC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 10.2 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp and certain institutional and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of MCAC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 10 .3 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., Suying Liu, Dong Liu, Nelson Haight, Todd Milbourn, Wenhua Zhang, RT-ICON Holdings LLC, and each of the other shareholders of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. whose names are listed on Exhibit A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10 .4 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc. and RT-ICON Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 

Exhibit No. Description 10. 5 
 PLBY Group, Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 6 
 Consent to Merger Transaction and Wavier to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., and Yandy Enterprises LLC (f/k/a Y Acquisition Co. LLC), DBD Credit Funding LLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders whose signatories are affixed hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 7 
 Agreement, dated January 10, 2021, by and between Playboy Enterprises, Inc. and CAA Brand Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of PLBY s Form S-1 (333-255585) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021). 
 10. 8 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option between MCAC and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of MCAC s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-238320) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2020). 
 10 .9 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, by and among Sunlight Global Investment LLC, Suying Liu and Playboy Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of MCAC s Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 4, 2021). 
 10.1 0 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2014, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10.1 1 
 First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2016, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10.1 2 
 Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2016, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10.1 3 
 Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2017, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10.1 4 
 Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 15 
 Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 16 
 Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 17 
 Seventh Amendment and Joinder to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 18 
 Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2019, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2021). 
 10. 19 
 Ninth Amendment and Joinder to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2019, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., Y Acquisition Co. LLC, China Products Licensing, LLC., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10.2 0 
 Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., Y Acquisition Co. LLC, China Products Licensing, LLC, Yandy Enterprises LLC., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10.2 1 
 Eleventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated as of January 4, 2021, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., Y Acquisition Co. LLC, China Products Licensing, LLC, Yandy Enterprises LLC., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 

Exhibit No. Description 10. 22 
 Playboy Enterprises, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 10. 2 3 
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, entered into by and among Playboy Enterprises, Inc., the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021). 
 10. 2 4 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, entered into by and among Playboy Enterprises, Inc., the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021). 
 10. 2 5 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among PLBY, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., each guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021). 
 10. 2 6 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2021, by and between Playboy Enterprises, Inc. and TLA Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of PLBY' sForm 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 
 10. 2 7 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 15, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., PB Global Merger Sub Inc., GlowUp Digital Inc. and Michael Dow, solely as representative of the stockholders of GlowUp Digital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021). 
 1 0.28 
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 13, 2022, by and among PLBY Group, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022). 
 1 0.29 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and among PLBY, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., each guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 o f the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed wit h the SEC on August 9, 2022) . 
 10.30 
 Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022) . 
 10.31 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., each guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent (incorporated b y reference to Exhibit 10. 1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022) . 
 10.32 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current R e port on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on Januar y 18, 2023 . 
 10.33 
 Standstill Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, by and among PLBY Group, Inc. and affiliates of Rizvi Traverse Management (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the S EC on February 2, 2023) . 
 10.34 
 Amendment No. 4 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., each guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023). 
 14.1 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics, adopted by PLBY Group, Inc. s board of directors on February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of PLBY s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 16.1 
 Letter from Marcum LLP to the SEC, dated as of February 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 
 16.2 
 Letter from Prager Metis CPAs LLP to the SEC, dated as of July 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021). 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of PLBY Group, Inc. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Prager Metis CPAs LLP. 
 23.2 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit No. Description 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PLBY GROUP, INC. Date: March 16, 2023 
 By: /s/ Ben Kohn Name: Ben Kohn Title: Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal executive officer) 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ben Kohn and Lance Barton and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name Title Date /s/ Ben Kohn Chief Executive Officer, President and Director March 16, 2023 Ben Kohn (Principal executive officer) /s/ Lance Barton Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 Lance Barton (Principal financial officer) /s/ Florus Beuting Chief Accounting Officer March 16, 2023 Florus Beuting (Principal accounting officer) /s/ Suhail Rizvi Director March 16, 2023 Suhail Rizvi /s/ Tracey Edmonds Director March 16, 2023 Tracey Edmonds /s/ James Yaffe Director March 16, 2023 James Yaffe /s/ Juliana F. Hill Director March 16, 2023 Juliana F. Hill 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex41descriptionofregistran.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the authorized capital stock of PLBY Group, Inc. (the Company , we , us or our comprised 155,000,000 shares, consisting of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). 
 
 The following summary describes the material provisions of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all information that is important to an investor in our securities. Defined terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock of any series as may be designated by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any series. 
 
 Voting 
 
 Except as otherwise required by law or the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented and or restated from time to time, including the terms of any Preferred Stock Designation (as defined below), the Certificate of Incorporation ), each holder of record of Common Stock, as such, shall have one vote for each share of Common Stock which is outstanding in his, her or its name on the books of the Company on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally. Except as otherwise required by law or our Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation (as defined below)), the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes. Notwithstanding any other provision of our Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 
 The holders of shares of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and distributions and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Company when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor. 
 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the assets and funds of the Company available for distribution in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary. A liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, as such terms are used in Section B(4) of our Certificate of Incorporation, shall not be deemed to be occasioned by or to include any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other person or a sale, lease, exchange or conveyance of all or a part of its assets. 
 
 No Preemptive, Conversion or Redemption Rights 
 
 The holders of shares of Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their Common Stock into other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock under the Company s existing Certificate of Incorporation or its Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). 
 
 1 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Issuance of Preferred Stock 
 
 Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is authorized to provide by resolution or resolutions from time to time for the issuance, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, of one or more series of Preferred Stock, without stockholder approval, by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (a Preferred Stock Designation ), setting forth such resolution and, with respect to each such series, establishing the number of shares to be included in such series, and fixing the voting powers, full or limited, or no voting power of the shares of such series, and the designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The powers, designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. The authority of the Board with respect to each series of Preferred Stock shall include, but not be limited to, the determination of the following 
 
 the designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title 
 the number of shares of the series, which number the Board may thereafter (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) 
 the amounts or rates at which dividends will be payable on, and the preferences, if any, of, shares of the series in respect of dividends, and whether such dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative 
 the dates on which dividends, if any, shall be payable 
 the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series 
 the terms and amount of any sinking fund, if any, provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series 
 the amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of, shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company 
 whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Company or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of such other class or series or such other security, the conversion or exchange price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange may be made 
 restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or any other class or series 
 the voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series generally or upon specified events and 
 any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such shares, all as may be determined from time to time by the Board and stated in the Preferred Stock Designation for such Preferred Stock. 
 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Preferred Stock Designation of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to any other series of Preferred Stock to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 On each of May 16, 2022 and August 8, 2022, the Company issued 25,000 shares of Preferred Stock, designated as Series A Preferred Stock, as described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022 and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022. As of August 8, 2022, all of the Company s 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock has not been registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 Registration Rights 
 
 Certain of our stockholders or their permitted transferees, are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of certain shares of Common Stock held by them under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These rights are provided under the terms of registration rights agreements between us and such stockholders (the Registration Rights Agreements and include demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights. The Registration Rights Agreements also provide that we will pay certain expenses of these holders relating to such registrations and indemnify them against certain liabilities which may arise under the Securities Act. 
 
 2 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 The Company has expressly opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our Certificate of Incorporation contains similar provisions providing that the Company may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 prior to such time, the Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the Company outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (a) persons who are directors and also officers and (b) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock of the Company which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates, owns or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of the Company s voting stock. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in advance with the Board because the Company s stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if the Board approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Company s Board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that RT and its affiliates, any of its respective direct or indirect transferees of at least 15 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, and any group as to which such persons are a part, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 
 
 In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. The Company s Board is empowered to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances. 
 
 Authorized shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 Special Meeting, Action by Written Consent and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Except as otherwise required by law, our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws, written or printed notice of the meeting of the stockholders stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in case of a special meeting, stating the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and in case of a meeting held by remote communication stating such means, shall be delivered not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, either personally, or by mail, or if prior consent has been received by a stockholder by electronic transmission, by or at the direction of the Chairman or the President, the Secretary, or the persons calling the meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given to stockholders, any notice shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to (in a manner consistent with the DGCL) by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. If notice is given by mail, such notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Company. If notice is given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed given at the time specified in Section 232 of the DGCL. 
 
 Our Bylaws also provide that unless otherwise restricted by our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of our Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of our Board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of our Board or committee. 
 3 

In addition, our Bylaws require advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders, including the nomination of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider the proposals specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered a timely written notice in proper form to our secretary, of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. 
 
 These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting any stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that so long as RT and its affiliates own, in the aggregate, at least 50 in voting power of our Common Stock, any amendment, alteration, change, addition, or repeal of our Certificate of Incorporation requires an affirmative vote of a majority of the then- outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon. At any time when RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 50 of our outstanding Common Stock, our Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote by the holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding Common Stock for any amendment, alteration, change, addition, or repeal of our Certificate of Incorporation provided that, irrespective of RT ownership, the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding Common Stock is required to amend certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, including those provisions changing the size of the Board, the removal of certain directors, the availability of action by majority written consent of the stockholders or the restriction on business combinations with interest stockholders, among others. 
 
 The provisions of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our Common Stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, with certain limited exceptions, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including any beneficial owner) to bring (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the charter or bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Subject to the provisions in the preceding sentence, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint, claim or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a provision that, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, eliminates the personal liability of directors to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. The effect of these provisions will be to eliminate the rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation will not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 
 
 Further, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers. 
 
 4 

The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 
 There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 
 
 Listing of Common Stock 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol PLBY. 
 
 5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 plby10kexhibit211202210k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Place of Incorporation Artwork Holdings LLC Delaware Centerfold Digital, Inc. Delaware Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Ltd Australia Honey Birdette (UK) Limited United Kingdom Honey Birdette US Inc. Delaware ICS Entertainment, Inc. Delaware PB Global Acquisition Corp. Delaware PBTV LLC Delaware Playboy China Limited Hong Kong Playboy China (BVI) Limited British Virgin Islands Playboy Enterprises, Inc. Delaware Playboy Enterprises International, Inc. Delaware Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc. Delaware Playboy Media, LLC Delaware Playboy New Venture LLC Delaware Playboy Spirits, LLC Delaware Playboy TV International LLC Delaware Playboy TV UK Limited United Kingdom Playboy.com, Inc. Delaware PLBY Australia Pty Ltd Australia PLBY (BVI) Limited British Virgin Islands Products Licensing LLC Delaware Spice Entertainment, Inc. Delaware Spice Hot Entertainment, Inc. Delaware TLA Acquisition Corp. Delaware Yandy Enterprises LLC Delaware 
 Indicates a company that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by PLBY Group, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 plby10kex231prager-202210xk.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-264515 and 333-267273) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-259216 and 333-264019) of PLBY Group, Inc. Company of our audit of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, with a report date of March 31, 2021, appearing in this Annual Report in Form 10-K of PLBY Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Prager Metis CPAs LLP 
 
 Prager Metis CPAs LLP 
 El Segundo, California 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 plby10kex232bdo-202210xk.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 PLBY Group, Inc. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-264515 and 333-267273) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-259216 and 333-264019) of PLBY Group, Inc. Company of our reports dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 plby10kexhibit311202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ben Kohn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PLBY Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 
 By s Ben Kohn 
 Ben Kohn 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 plby10kexhibit312202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Lance Barton, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PLBY Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 
 By s Lance Barton 
 Lance Barton 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 plby10kexhibit321202210k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PLBY Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), Ben Kohn, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 
 By s Ben Kohn 
 Ben Kohn 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 plby10kexhibit322202210k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PLBY Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), Lance Barton, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 
 By s Lance Barton 
 Lance Barton 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ply-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ply-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ply-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ply-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ply-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

