<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1066656_0001193125-23-078762.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6597560</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309352</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>889118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2669073</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1135411</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1270746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-078762.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324111826
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-078762
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ceres Classic L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066656
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				134018068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25603
		FILM NUMBER:		23758595

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-672-4468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER GRAHAM L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MANAGED FUTURES CHARTER GRAHAM L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100930

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY CHARTER GRAHAM LP/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-078762.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 d460593d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 

 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 
to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.)

c/o 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Units of Limited Partnership Interest
 
 (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 X

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 X

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 X
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 X
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

X

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 
 
No 

Limited Partnership Units with an aggregate value of were outstanding and held by non-affiliates
 as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of February 28, 2023, Limited Partnership Units of Class A were outstanding and Limited Partnership Units of Class Z were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 [None] 

PART I Item 1. Business . (a) General Development of Business . Ceres Classic L.P. (formerly, Managed Futures Premier Graham L.P.) (the Partnership was formed on July 15, 1998 under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act to engage primarily in the speculative trading of futures contracts, options on futures and forward contracts, forward contracts on physical commodities and other commodity interests, including, but not limited to, foreign currencies, financial instruments, metals, energy, and agricultural products (collectively, Futures Interests ). The Futures Interests that are traded by the Partnership are volatile and involve a high degree of risk. The General Partner (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets in United States U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Partnership commenced trading operations on March 1, 1999. Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner Ceres or the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ). This entity currently serves as the placement agent to the Partnership (the Placement Agent ). Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is a principal subsidiary of MSD Holdings. As of December 31, 2022, all trading decisions were made for the Partnership by Graham Capital Management, L.P. Graham ), Winton Capital Management Limited WCM ), EMC Capital Advisors, LLC EMC and Campbell Company, LP Campbell ), as the commodity trading advisors to the Partnership (each, a Trading Advisor and collectively, the Trading Advisors ). Each Trading Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. Prior to January 1, 2021, Graham was the sole trading advisor to the Partnership, and managed the assets of the Partnership pursuant to its K4D-15V Program, Graham s proprietary, trend-following trading program. Ceres is responsible for selecting additional commodity trading advisors from time to time and for replacing Trading Advisors as it deems necessary. Trading advisors can be added, removed or replaced at any time by Ceres, or Ceres may determine to adjust the allocation of assets to each Trading Advisor, without the consent of, or advance notice to, the Limited Partners. A description of the trading activities and focus of the Trading Advisors is included under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . As of January 1, 2021, the Partnership invested a portion of its assets in CMF Winton Master L.P., organized in New York as a limited partnership CMF Winton or the Trading Company ). The Partnership and any other feeder fund investing in the Trading Company constitute the limited partners of the Trading Company. The Trading Company is managed by Ceres Managed Futures LLC. CMF Winton has a single account with WCM. The Trading Company may and will, among other things, trade, buy, sell, spread, or otherwise acquire, hold or dispose of Futures Interests (as defined below). For the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the approximate average market sector distribution for the Partnership was as follows: 
 1 

2 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership owned 100 of CMF Winton. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to invest in the Trading Company. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Trading Company. Expenses to investors as a result of investment in the Trading Company are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and redemption rights are not affected. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership s commodity broker was Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. MS Co. also acted as the counterparty on all trading of foreign currency forward contracts. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. As of January 1, 2021, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPM acts as prime broker in connection with foreign exchange forward and swap transactions for the Trading Company. Effective October 2, 2020, the Partnership changed its name from Managed Futures Premier Graham L.P. to Ceres Classic L.P. The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, has entered into a management agreement (the Management Agreement with Graham. The Management Agreement provides that Graham has sole discretion in determining the investments of the assets of the Partnership allocated to Graham by the General Partner. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Partnership pays Graham a flat-rate monthly fee. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the management fee payable by the Partnership to Graham is equal to 1/12 th of 1.25 (a 1.25 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets as of the first day of each month. From February 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020, the management fee payable by the Partnership to Graham was equal to 1/12 th of the 1.35 (1.35 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets as of the first day of each month. From April 1, 2014 to January 31, 2019, the management fee payable by the Partnership to Graham was equal to 1/12 th of 1.75 (1.75 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets as of the first day of each month. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays WCM a flat-rate monthly fee equal to 1/12th of 1.5 (a 1.5 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets allocated to WCM as at the beginning of the relevant month, which will be equal to the prior month end net assets, net of all fees and expenses for the previous month, and decreased by any redemptions for such prior month end and increased by any subscriptions for the current month. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Campbell a flat rate monthly fee equal to 1/12th of 1.25 (a 1.25 annual rate) of the beginning of the month net asset value allocated to Campbell. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays EMC a flat rate monthly fee equal to 1/12th of 0.875 (a 0.875 annual rate) of the beginning of the month net asset value allocated to EMC. In addition, the Partnership pays Graham an annual incentive fee. Effective February 1, 2019, the Partnership pays Graham an incentive fee equal to 18 of trading profits experienced by the Partnership as of the end of such period. Prior to February 1, 2019, the Partnership paid Graham an incentive fee equal to 20 of trading profits experienced by the Partnership as of the end of each calendar month. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays WCM a quarterly incentive fee equal to 20 of new trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) earned by WCM in each quarterly period. Pursuant to the management agreement with WCM, no incentive fee will be paid to WCM with respect to the Partnership until it has (i) recouped a certain loss carryforward and (ii) earned new trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) from and after January 1, 2021. The loss carryforward applied to the Partnership will be adjusted according to the Partnership s assets allocated to WCM as of January 1, 2021. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Campbell a quarterly incentive fee equal to 20 of trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) earned by Campbell in each quarterly period. Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays EMC a quarterly incentive fee equal to 20 of trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) earned by EMC in each quarterly period. Trading profits represent the amount by which profits from trading in Futures Interests exceed losses after ongoing placement agent fees, management and administrative and General Partner s fees, as applicable, are deducted. When Graham experiences losses with respect to net assets as of the end of a calendar year or month, as applicable, Graham must recover such losses before Graham is eligible for an incentive fee in the future. Cumulative trading losses are adjusted on a pro-rated basis for the amount of each month s net redemptions. 
 3 

The Trading Company has entered into a foreign exchange brokerage account agreement and a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. The Partnership has also entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. Pursuant to these agreements, the Partnership, directly or indirectly through its investment in the Trading Company, pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co., if previously paid) its allocable share of all trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions as well as exchange, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees (collectively, the clearing fees ). The Partnership has also entered into a selling agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (as amended, the Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is paid a monthly ongoing selling agent fee at the rates described below. The ongoing selling agent fee received by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is shared with the properly registered/exempted financial advisors of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management who sell Class A Units. The Trading Company entered into certain agreements with JPM in connection with trading in forward foreign currency contracts on behalf of the Trading Company and, indirectly, the Partnership. These agreements include a foreign exchange and bullion authorization agreement FX Agreement ), an International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. master agreement Master Agreement ), a schedule to the Master Agreement, a 2016 credit support annex for variation margin to the schedule and an institutional account agreement. Under the FX Agreement, JPM charges a fee on the aggregate foreign currency transactions entered into on behalf of the Trading Company during a month. As of November 1, 2018, the Partnership entered into an alternative investment placement agent agreement (the Harbor Selling Agreement ), by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Distribution Inc. MSDI ), and Harbor Investment Advisory, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company Harbor ), which supersedes and replaces the alternative investment selling agent agreement, dated January 19, 2018, between the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, MSDI and Harbor have been appointed as a non-exclusive selling agent and sub-selling agent, respectively, of the Partnership for the purpose of finding eligible investors for units of limited partnership interest Unit(s) through offerings that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and for Harbor to serve as an investment advisor to its customers investing in one or more of the partnerships party to the Harbor Selling Agreement; provided, that, included within such appointment, Harbor will provide certain services to certain holders of Units of the Partnership, who had acquired such Units prior to such holders becoming clients of Harbor. The Harbor Selling Agreement continues in effect until September 30, 2023 unless terminated in certain circumstances as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement, including by any party on thirty days prior written notice, after which the General Partner or the Partnership may, in its sole discretion, renew the Harbor Selling Agreement for additional one year periods. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Harbor an ongoing placement agent fee equal to 1/12 th of 0.75 (a 0.75 annual rate) of the net asset value per Unit for certain holders of Class A Units in the Partnership. From July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Harbor an ongoing placement agent fee equal to 1/12 th of 1.00 (a 1.00 annual rate) of the net asset value per Unit for certain holders of Class A Units in the Partnership, as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Harbor an ongoing placement agent fee equal to 1/12 th of 2.00 (a 2.00 annual rate) of the net asset value per Unit for certain holders for Class A Units in the Partnership, as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, units of limited partnership interest Unit(s) of the Partnership are being offered in two share classes (each, a Class or collectively, the Classes in a private placement pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. A Limited Partner will initially receive Class A Units in the Partnership, provided, that certain investors (other than ERISA/IRA investors) who subscribe for Units on a consulting basis, the General Partner and certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members) may be designated to hold Class Z Units. The Partnership previously offered Units in Class D, however, no Limited Partners hold Class D Units as of December 31, 2022, and Class D Units are no longer offered. Each of Class A and Z Units of the Partnership have the same investment exposure and rights except for the amount of the ongoing placement agent fee charged to each Class of Units. Class Z Units are not subject to an ongoing placement agent fee. The Partnership began the year at a net asset value per Class A Unit of 22.22 and increased 26.4 to 28.08 per Class A Unit and a net asset value per Class Z Unit of 9.46 and increased 27.3 to 12.04 per Class Z Unit on December 31, 2022. For a more detailed description of the Partnership s business, see subparagraph (c). 
 4 

The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. (b) [Reserved.] (c) Narrative Description of Business . For financial information reporting purposes, the Partnership is deemed to engage in one industry segment, the speculative trading of Futures Interests. The relevant financial information is presented in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The Partnership is in the business of speculative trading of Futures Interests pursuant to trading instructions provided by the Trading Advisors. See Item 1(a) above for a complete description of the Partnership s business. The information requested in Section 101(c)(1)(i) through (v) and Section 101(c)(2)(i) of Regulation S-K is not applicable to the Partnership. Additionally, the Partnership does not have any employees. The directors and officers of the General Partner are listed in Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . (d) [Reserved.] (e) Available Information . The Partnership files an Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Partnership does not maintain an internet website; however the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The Partnership s SEC filings are available to the public from the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. The Partnership s CIK number is 0001066656. As of the date hereof, the Partnership does not have an internet address. 
 5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . This section includes some of the principal risks that investors will face with an investment in the Partnership. THE UNITS IN THE PARTNERSHIP ARE SPECULATIVE AND INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. THEY ARE SUITABLE ONLY FOR PERSONS WHO CAN AFFORD TO LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. Risks Relating to the Partnership and the Offering of Units You should not rely on past performance of the General Partner or the Trading Advisors in deciding to purchase Units. The past investment performance of other entities managed by the General Partner and the Trading Advisors is not necessarily indicative of the Partnership s or a Trading Company s future results. No assurance can be given that the General Partner will succeed in meeting the investment objectives of the Partnership. You may lose all or substantially all of your investment in the Partnership. The Partnership and the Trading Company incur substantial charges. The Partnership and the Trading Company must pay substantial charges, and must generate profits and interest income which exceed their respective fixed costs in order to avoid depletion of the Partnership s assets. The Partnership and the Trading Company are required to pay certain expenses and fees, including monthly management fees to the Trading Advisors, regardless of their performance. In addition, the Partnership pays each Trading Advisor an incentive fee of between 18 to 20 of Trading Profits, or New Trading Profits, as set forth in the applicable advisory agreement, if any, earned by the relevant Trading Advisor. Limited partners in the Partnership will be indirectly responsible for the expenses paid by the Partnership and the Trading Company. Incentive fees may be paid by the Partnership even if the Partnership sustains trading losses. The Partnership pays each Trading Advisor an incentive fee based upon the Trading Profits or New Trading Profits, as set forth in the applicable advisory agreement, that it generates for the Partnership. To the extent that the Partnership pays one or more Trading Advisors an incentive fee, these trading profits include unrealized appreciation on open positions. Accordingly, it is possible that the Partnership will pay an incentive fee on trading profits that do not become realized. Also, each Trading Advisor will retain all incentive fees paid to it, even if it incurs a subsequent loss after payment of an incentive fee. Certain of the incentive fees may be paid quarterly, such that it is possible that an incentive fee may be paid to a Trading Advisor during a year in which the assets of the Partnership suffer a loss for the year. Because the Trading Advisors receive an incentive fee based on the Trading Profits or New Trading Profits, as applicable, the Trading Advisors may have an incentive to make investments that are riskier than would be the case in the absence of such an incentive fee being paid to the Trading Advisors based on Trading Profits or New Trading Profits, as applicable. Restricted investment liquidity in the Units. There is no secondary market for the Units, and you generally may not redeem your Units other than as of the last business day of each month. Your right to receive payment for a redemption of some or all of your Units is dependent upon (a) the Partnership having sufficient assets to pay its liabilities on the redemption date, and (b) the General Partner s receipt of your request for redemption in such manner as determined by the General Partner no later than 3:00 P.M., New York City time, on the third business day before the end of the month, although the General Partner may accept requests for redemption at other times in its sole discretion. The General Partner will not permit a transfer, sale, pledge or assignment of Units unless it is satisfied that the transfer, sale, pledge or assignment would not be in violation of Delaware law or applicable federal, state, or foreign securities laws and notwithstanding any transfer, sale, pledge or assignment, the Partnership will continue to be classified as a partnership rather than as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). No transfer, sale, pledge or assignment of Units will be effective or recognized by the Partnership if the transfer, sale, pledge or assignment would result in the termination of the Partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any attempt to transfer, sell, pledge or assign Units in violation of the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as amended (the Partnership Agreement will be ineffective. General Partner redemptions. The General Partner is required to maintain a capital contribution at least equal to the greater of: (a) 1 of aggregate capital contributions to the Partnership (including the General Partner s contribution) and (b) 25,000. The General Partner may otherwise redeem any portion of its investment in the Partnership at any time without notice to the limited partners. For any such redemption, the General Partner will redeem its Units at the end of the month in the same manner as any limited partner would follow to redeem Units. Additionally, the General Partner has the right to redeem Units it holds in the event redemptions for limited partners are suspended. 
 6 

The Partnership s structure has conflicts of interest. 

The General Partner, Morgan Stanley Investment Management, the Placement Agent, MSDI and MS Co. are affiliates. As a result, the fees and other compensation received by these parties and other terms relating to the operation of the Partnership and the sale of Units have not been negotiated independently. The officers and directors of the General Partner are also employees of Morgan Stanley or one of its subsidiaries and may have a conflict of interest between their responsibility to the General Partner and the commodity pools it operates. Some of the compensation for such officers and directors of the General Partner may be based in part on the profitability of Morgan Stanley and its managed futures business operated by the General Partner. 

Employees of the Placement Agent receive a significant portion of the ongoing placement agent fee paid by the Partnership (except for consulting clients, from which the Placement Agent, serving in its role as investment adviser, receives the fees and expenses described in such consulting client s consulting agreement). Therefore, these employees have a conflict of interest in making recommendations regarding the purchase or redemption of Units. 

MS Co. can benefit from bid/ask spreads to the extent that the Trading Advisors for the Partnership execute over-the-counter OTC foreign exchange trades with MS Co. and bid/ask spreads are charged. 

The Trading Advisors, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates and subsidiaries may trade Futures Interests for their own accounts, and thereby compete with the Partnership and the Trading Company for positions. There are potential incentives for such persons and, in particular, investment personnel, to favor the proprietary accounts over the client accounts (including the Partnership s or the Trading Company s accounts), including, without limitation, with respect to allocation of investments, time and attention. There may be cases where certain proprietary accounts trade ahead of, or opposite, trades for the Partnership (or the Trading Company). Also, the other commodity pools managed by the General Partner and the Trading Advisors may compete with the Partnership and the Trading Company for Futures Interests. These conflicts can result in less favorable prices on the Partnership s and the Trading Company s transactions. These pools may also pay lower fees, including lower commodity brokerage fees and/or commissions, than the Partnership pays. The records of trading in such accounts, and any written policies relating to such trading, will not be made available to limited partners for inspection. 

For excess cash which is not invested, MS Co. and the General Partner retain any interest earned on cash in the Partnership s and the Trading Company s account in excess of the rate specified in the Partnership s Annual Report to Limited Partners for the year ended December 31, 2022. Depending on the current market interest rates, that could create an incentive for the General Partner to retain excess cash in cash instead of direct investments in permitted investments. 

The General Partner may purchase shares from money market mutual funds affiliated and/or unaffiliated with the General Partner. No specific policies regarding conflicts of interest have been adopted by the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, MSDI, the Partnership, the Trading Company or any of their affiliates, and investors will be dependent on the good faith of, and legal and fiduciary obligations imposed on, the parties involved with such conflicts to resolve them equitably. Master-feeder structure. Certain of the Trading Advisors may invest the assets of the Partnership through master-feeder structures which presents certain unique risks to investors. Smaller feeder funds (including the Partnership, as applicable) investing in a Trading Company may be materially affected by the actions of larger feeder funds investing in the Trading Company. For example, if a larger feeder fund withdraws from the Trading Company, the remaining feeder funds may experience higher pro rata operating expenses, thereby producing lower returns. Such Trading Company s portfolio may become less diverse due to a withdrawal by a larger feeder fund, resulting in increased volatility and risk. In addition, advisory and other fees are charged at the level of each individual feeder fund and, therefore, such fees may differ from those of the Partnership. The Partnership may withdraw its investments in the Trading Company at any time, provided that all liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of the Trading Company, except any liability to the limited partners on account of their capital contributions, have been paid or there remains property in the Trading Company sufficient to pay them. In such event, the General Partner would consider what action might be taken, including retaining the Trading Company s trading advisor to manage that portion of the Partnership s assets directly. An investment in Units may not diversify an overall portfolio. Because Futures Interests have historically performed independently of traditional investments in equities and bonds, the General Partner believes that managed futures funds like the Partnership can diversify a traditional portfolio of equities and bonds. However, the General Partner cannot assure you that the Partnership will perform with a significant degree of non- or low-correlation to your other investments in the future. You may lose your entire investment in the Partnership. 
 7 

Neither the Partnership nor the Trading Company is a registered investment company. The Partnership and the Trading Company are not registered investment companies. The Partnership and the Trading Company are not required to register, and are not registered, as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Accordingly, investors will not have the protections afforded by the Investment Company Act (which, among other matters, requires investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors and regulates the relationship between the trading advisor(s) and the investment company). Risks Related to Regulation of the Partnership and General Partner The Federal Reserve Board s regulation of Morgan Stanley could affect the activities of the Partnership and the Trading Company. As a bank holding company BHC that has elected financial holding company FHC status under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 BHCA ), Morgan Stanley and its affiliates are subject to comprehensive, consolidated supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve ). Since the General Partner is a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, the Federal Reserve will treat the Partnership as an affiliate of Morgan Stanley. As a result, the Partnership will be subject to the BHCA and the Federal Reserve s implementing regulations and interpretations, which are subject to change. A significant focus of the regulatory framework that applies to Morgan Stanley is to ensure that Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries operate in a safe and sound manner, with sufficient capital, earnings and liquidity to allow Morgan Stanley to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association (the Banks ). These Banks must remain well capitalized and well managed if Morgan Stanley is to maintain its FHC status and continue to engage in the widest range of permissible financial activities. In addition, the general exercise by the Federal Reserve of its regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority with respect to Morgan Stanley and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act could result in the need for Morgan Stanley to change its business practices or the scope of its current lines of business, including certain limited divestitures. Although such changes could have an impact on and consequences for Morgan Stanley, the General Partner, the Partnership and the Trading Company any limited divestiture should not directly involve the Partnership. The Units are not being offered by the Banks, and as such: (1) are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), (2) are not deposits or other obligations of the Banks, (3) are not guaranteed by the Banks, and (4) involve investment risks, including possible loss of principal. Assets held in accounts at U.S. banks may not be fully insured. The assets of the Partnership and the Trading Company that are deposited with commodity brokers, FX counterparties or their affiliates may be placed in deposit accounts at U.S. banks. The FDIC insures deposits held at insured depository institutions for up to 250,000 (including principal and accrued interest) for each insurable capacity (e.g., individual accounts, joint accounts, corporate accounts, etc.), though deposits in separate branches of an insured institution are not separately insured. If the FDIC were to become receiver of insured U.S. bank holding deposit accounts that were established by a commodity broker or one of its affiliates, then it is uncertain whether the commodity broker, the affiliate involved, the Partnership, the Trading Company or the investor would be able to reclaim cash in the deposit accounts above 250,000. Other federal agencies, including the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), regulate certain activities of the Partnership and General Partner. Regulatory changes other than banking regulations could adversely affect the Partnership by restricting its trading activities and/or increasing the costs or taxes to which the investors are subject. The Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, grants the CFTC and SEC broad rulemaking authority to implement various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including comprehensive regulation of the OTC derivatives market and certain foreign exchange transactions. The implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act could adversely affect the Partnership by increasing transaction and/or regulatory compliance costs. In addition, greater regulatory scrutiny may increase the Partnership s and the General Partner s exposure to potential liabilities. Increased regulatory oversight can also impose administrative burdens on the General Partner, including, without limitation, responding to investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. As a result, the General Partner s time, attention and resources may be diverted from portfolio management activities. Other potentially adverse regulatory initiatives could develop suddenly and without notice. 
 8 

The General Partner may determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s and/or the Trading Company s assets in U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities. The General Partner has, at times, invested a portion, and may determine to invest all or a portion of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s assets in U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Partnership and/or the Trading Company, as applicable, will retain all interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities purchased. In the event that the General Partner is required to liquidate U.S. Treasury bills before they mature, to meet redemption requests or otherwise, the Partnership and/or the Trading Company may incur a loss on such U.S. Treasury bills and/or may be subject to additional fees or other costs. The General Partner will endeavor to maintain sufficient cash in the Partnership s and the Trading Company s accounts in order to meet margin requirements and avoid early liquidation of U.S. Treasury bills. Although a money market mutual fund currently seeks to preserve the value of each of its shares at 1.00 per share, it is possible to incur losses when investing in a money market mutual fund. An investment in a money market mutual fund is not insured or guaranteed by any government agency. A money market mutual fund may experience significant pressures from, among other things, shareholder redemptions, issuer credit downgrades and illiquid markets. Historically, there have been some money market mutual funds that have broken the buck, which means that, upon redemption, investors in those funds did not receive 1.00 per share for their investments in those funds. Recent rule amendments adopted by the SEC require certain money market mutual funds to implement floating net asset values that will not preserve the value of each of its shares at 1.00 per share. The implementation of these rule amendments may impact the Partnership s use of these money market mutual funds for capital preservation purposes. Allowing investments by benefit plan investors may result in adverse consequences under ERISA or the Code. It is the current intent of the General Partner to conduct its operations so that the assets of each class of equity interests in the Partnership should not be deemed to constitute the plan assets of Benefit Plan Investors. If, however, the Partnership were deemed to hold plan assets of Benefit Plan Investors: (i) ERISA s fiduciary standards may apply to the Partnership and might materially affect the operations of the Partnership, and (ii) any transaction with the Partnership could be deemed a transaction with each benefit plan investor and may cause transactions into which the Partnership might enter in the ordinary course of business to constitute prohibited transactions under ERISA and/or 4975 of the Code. In order to avoid having the assets of the Partnership treated as plan assets, the General Partner intends to restrict the acquisition and/or redemption of Units, and such restrictions could delay or preclude the ability to transfer or redeem Units, or cause Units to lose value. However, there can be no assurances that this strategy will be successful. Risks Relating to Futures Interests Trading and the Futures Interests Markets Futures Interests trading is speculative and volatile. The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests make an investment in the Partnership volatile. Volatility is caused by, among other things, changes in supply and demand relationships; weather; agricultural, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs; domestic and foreign political and economic events and policies; and changes in interest rates. If a Trading Advisor incorrectly predicts the direction of prices in Futures Interests, large losses may occur. The Partnership s performance will be volatile on a monthly and an annual basis. The Partnership could lose all or substantially all of its assets. The Partnership s and the Trading Company s Futures Interests trading is highly leveraged such that small changes in the price of the Partnership s or a Trading Company s positions may result in substantial losses. The Trading Advisors for the Partnership and the Trading Company use substantial leverage in trading. Trading Futures Interests involves substantial leverage, which could result in immediate and substantial losses. Due to the low margin deposits normally required in trading Futures Interests (typically between 1 and 15 of the value of the contract purchased or sold), an extremely high degree of leverage is typical of a Futures Interests trading account. As a result, a relatively small price movement in Futures Interests may result in immediate and substantial losses to the investor. For example, if 10 of the face value of a contract is deposited as margin for that contract, a 10 decrease in the value of the contract would cause a total loss of the margin deposit. A decrease of more than 10 in the value of the contract would cause a loss greater than the amount of the margin deposit. The gross leverage employed by each Trading Advisor in its trading can vary substantially from month to month. This gross leverage, expressed as the underlying absolute value of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s positions compared to the average net assets of the Partnership, is anticipated to range from two times the Partnership s net assets to fifteen times the Partnership s net assets. Under certain conditions, however, the Partnership s gross leverage could exceed (or be less than) such range. The amount of margin required to be deposited with respect to an individual futures contract is determined by the exchange upon which the contract is traded and the commodity broker or FX counterparty at which the position is held and may be changed at any time. 
 9 

Options trading can be more volatile than futures trading, and purchasing and writing options could result in trading losses. The Partnership and the Trading Company may trade options on futures. Although successful options trading requires many of the same skills as successful futures trading, the risks are different. Successful options trading requires a trader to assess accurately near-term market volatility because that volatility is immediately reflected in the price of outstanding options. Correct assessment of market volatility can therefore be of much greater significance in trading options than it is in many long-term futures strategies where volatility does not have as great an effect on the price of a futures contract. Specific market movements of the commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer, or seller, of a put option collects a premium and risks losing the difference between the strike price and the market price of the underlying commodity or futures contract (less the premium received) if the option buyer exercises its put option, as well as any commissions and fees. The writer, or seller, of a call option has unlimited risk. A call option writer collects a premium and risks losing the difference between the price it would have to pay to obtain the underlying commodity or futures contract and the strike price (less the premium received) if the option buyer exercises its call option. Market illiquidity may cause less favorable trade prices. Although the Trading Advisors for the Partnership and the Trading Company generally will purchase and sell actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices are readily available, the price at which a sale or purchase occurs may differ from the price expected because there may be a delay between receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market has limited trading volume and prices are often quoted for relatively limited quantities. In addition, most U.S. futures exchanges have established daily price fluctuation limits which preclude the execution of trades at prices outside of the limit, and, from time to time, the CFTC or the exchanges may suspend trading in market disruption circumstances. In these cases it is possible that the Partnership and the Trading Company could be required to maintain a losing position that it otherwise would execute and incur significant losses or be unable to establish a position and miss a profit opportunity. Factors that can contribute to market illiquidity for exchange-traded contracts include: 

exchange-imposed price fluctuation limits; 

limits on the number of contracts speculative traders may hold in most commodity markets; and 

market disruptions. The General Partner expects that non-exchange traded contracts will be traded for commodity interests for which there is generally a liquid underlying market. Such markets, however, may experience periods of illiquidity and are also subject to market disruptions. Since the Trading Advisors already manage sizable assets in the commodity markets, it is possible that the Partnership may encounter illiquid situations. It is impossible to quantify the frequency or magnitude of these risks, however, especially because the conditions often occur unexpectedly. Trading on non-U.S. exchanges presents greater risks to the Partnership than trading on U.S. exchanges. The Partnership and the Trading Company may trade on exchanges located outside the United States. Trading on U.S. exchanges is subject to CFTC regulation and oversight, including, for example, minimum capital requirements for commodity brokers, segregation of customer funds, regulation of trading practices on the exchanges, prohibitions against trading ahead of customer orders, prohibitions against filling orders off exchanges, prescribed risk disclosure statements, testing and licensing of industry sales personnel and other industry professionals, and recordkeeping requirements, and other requirements and restrictions for the purpose of preventing price manipulation and other disruptions to market integrity, avoiding systemic risk, preventing fraud and promoting innovation, competition and financial integrity of transactions. Trading on non-U.S. exchanges (other than swap execution facilities registered as such with the CFTC) is not regulated by the CFTC or any other U.S. governmental agency or instrumentality and may be subject to regulations that are different from those to which U.S. exchange trading is subject, may provide less protection to investors than trading on U.S. exchanges, and may be less vigorously enforced than regulations in the U.S. Trading on non-U.S. exchanges involves some risks that trading on U.S. exchanges does not, such as: Lack of Investor Protection Regulation The rights of the Partnership and the Trading Company in the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a non-U.S. market, broker or bank are likely to differ from rights that the Partnership and the Trading Company would have in the United States and these rights may be more limited than in the case of failures of U.S. markets, brokers or banks. 
 10 

Possible Governmental Intervention Generally, non-U.S. brokers are not subject to the jurisdiction of the CFTC or any other U.S. regulator. In addition, the Partnership s and the Trading Company s assets held outside of the United States to margin transactions on non-U.S. exchanges are held in accordance with the client assets protection regime and the insolvency laws of the applicable jurisdiction. A non-U.S. government might halt trading in a market and/or take possession of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s assets maintained in its country in which case the assets may never be recovered. The General Partner might have little or no notice that such events were happening. In such circumstances, the General Partner may not be able to obtain the Partnership s assets. Relatively New Markets Some non-U.S. exchanges on which the Partnership and the Trading Company are permitted to trade may be in developmental stages so that prior price histories may not be indicative of current price patterns. Exchange-Rate Exposure The Partnership is valued in U.S. dollars. Contracts on non-U.S. exchanges are usually traded in the local currency. The Partnership s and the Trading Company s assets held in connection with contracts priced and settled in a foreign currency may be held in a non-U.S. depository in accounts denominated in a foreign currency. Changes in the value of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar could cause losses to the Partnership even if the contract traded is profitable. Risks Associated with Affiliates The Partnership s and the Trading Company s clearing broker may use affiliates to carry and clear transactions on non-U.S. exchanges. While the use of affiliates can provide certain benefits, it can also pose certain risks. In particular, if a clearing broker or an affiliated non-U.S. broker were to fail, it is likely that all of its affiliated companies would fail or be placed in administration within a relatively brief period of time. Each of these companies would be liquidated in accordance with the bankruptcy laws of the local jurisdiction. Moreover, return of the Partnership s or the Trading Company s assets held at affiliated non-U.S. brokers would be delayed, perhaps for a significant period of time, and would be subject to additional administrative costs. If, on the other hand, a clearing broker had cleared its customers non-U.S. futures and options transactions through unaffiliated foreign brokers, such broker likely would not have failed and the clearing broker s bankruptcy trustee could have directed the non-U.S. broker to liquidate all of the Partnership s or the Trading Company s positions and return the balance to the trustee for distribution to the Partnership or the Trading Company. The percentage of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s positions which are traded on non-U.S. exchanges can vary significantly from month to month. The average percentage of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s positions which are expected to be traded on non-U.S. exchanges in any given month is anticipated to range from 35 to 50 of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s positions, but could be greater or less than such expected range during any time period. The unregulated nature of uncleared trades in the OTC markets creates counterparty risks that do not exist in futures trading on exchanges or in cleared swaps. Unlike futures contracts and cleared swaps, uncleared trades, such as forward contracts, some swaps and some OTC spot contracts are entered into between private parties off an exchange or other trading platform and are not subject to clearing. As a result, the performance of those contracts is not guaranteed by an exchange or its clearinghouse and the Partnership and the Trading Company are at risk with respect to the ability of the counterparty to perform on the contract, including the creditworthiness of the counterparty. Trading of foreign exchange spot contracts or foreign exchange forwards and foreign exchange swaps (as such terms are defined in the Dodd-Frank Act), and of uncleared swaps is not regulated or is subject to limited regulation; therefore, there are limited or no specific standards or regulatory supervision of trade pricing and other trading activities that occur in those markets. The Partnership trades such contracts, directly and indirectly, with MS Co. and JPM and is at risk with respect to the creditworthiness and trading practices of each of MS Co. and JPM as the counterparty to the contracts. See Trading Swaps Creates Distinctive Risks below. The relative exposure of the Partnership to contracts that are not cleared by a registered clearing firm as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 29 , all of which represents OTC foreign exchange spot and forward transactions. As of January 1, 2023, the General Partner anticipates that the relative exposure of the Partnership to such contracts will be between approximately 8.1 and 40.6 . 
 11 

Forward foreign currency and spot contracts historically were not regulated when traded between certain eligible contract participants and are subject to credit risk. The Partnership and the Trading Company may trade forward contracts in foreign currencies and may engage in spot commodity transactions (transactions in physical commodities). These contracts, unlike futures contracts and options on futures, historically were not regulated by the CFTC when traded between certain eligible contract participants, as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act The Partnership and the Trading Company currently are eligible swap participants. On July 21, 2010, the then President signed into law major financial services reform legislation in the form of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act includes foreign currency forwards and foreign currency swaps (as such terms are defined in the Dodd-Frank Act) in the definition of swap, and therefore, contemplates that certain of these contracts may be exchange-traded, cleared by a clearinghouse and regulated by the CFTC. Currently, forward foreign currency contracts are regulated by the CFTC (although a limited category of forward foreign currency contracts have been excluded from regulation under the Dodd-Frank Act). Spot contracts generally are not included in the Dodd-Frank Act s definition of swap. Regulation could entail increased costs, and among other things, result in additional recordkeeping and reporting requirements. Furthermore, although the Dodd-Frank Act contemplates that certain forward foreign currency contracts may be exchange-traded and cleared by a clearinghouse, these transactions are not currently exchange-traded so that, generally, no clearinghouse or exchange stands ready to meet the obligations of the contract. Thus, the Partnership and the Trading Company face the risk that its counterparties may not perform their obligations. This risk may cause some or all of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s gains, in fact, never to be realized. The percentage of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s positions that are expected to constitute foreign currency forwards and foreign currency swaps can vary substantially from month to month. Trading swaps creates distinctive risks. The Trading Advisors may trade in certain swaps. Unlike futures and options on futures contracts, most swap contracts currently are not traded on or cleared by an exchange or clearinghouse. The CFTC currently requires only a limited class of swap contracts (certain interest rate and credit default swaps) to be cleared by a clearinghouse and executed on an exchange or swap execution facility. Inter-affiliate swaps that meet certain criteria are exempt from the CFTC s mandatory clearing and exchange trading requirements. In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC will in the future determine which other classes of swap contracts will be required to be cleared by a clearinghouse and executed on an exchange or swap execution facility. Until such time as these transactions are cleared, the Partnership and the Trading Company will be subject to a greater risk of counterparty default on its swaps. Because swaps do not generally involve the delivery of underlying assets or principal, the amount payable upon default and early termination is usually calculated by reference to the current market value of the contract. Swap dealers and major swap participants require the Partnership and the Trading Company to deposit initial margin and variation margin as collateral to support the Partnership s and the Trading Company s obligation under the swap agreement but may not themselves provide collateral for the benefit of the Partnership and the Trading Company (except to the extent required, beginning September 1, 2016, under the rules finalized by the CFTC and the prudential regulators as described below). If the counterparty to such a swap defaults, the Partnership and the Trading Company would be a general unsecured creditor for any termination amounts owed by the counterparty to the Partnership and the Trading Company as well as for any collateral deposits in excess of the amounts owed by the Partnership and the Trading Company to the counterparty, which would likely result in losses to the Partnership and the Trading Company. There are no limitations on daily price movements in swaps. Speculative position limits are not currently applicable to swaps, but in the future may be applicable for swaps on certain commodities. In addition, participants in the swap markets are not required to make continuous markets in the swaps they trade, and determining a market value for calculation of termination amounts can lead to uncertain results. Trading of swaps has been and will continue to be subject to substantial change under the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulatory action. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, many commodity swaps may be required to be cleared through central clearing parties and executed on exchanges or other organized trading platforms. Security-based swaps will be subject to similar requirements. The CFTC and the prudential regulators that oversee swap dealers finalized rules regarding margin for uncleared swaps that imposed certain requirements beginning September 1, 2016 that may adversely impact the manner in which such swaps are traded and/or settled or increase the costs of such trades. Uncleared swaps will generally be subject to initial and variation margin requirements which may require the Partnership and the Trading Company to post collateral to swap dealers and collect collateral from swap dealers. Additional regulatory requirements will apply to all swaps, whether subject to mandatory clearing or not. These include collateral and capital requirements, reporting obligations, speculative position limits for certain swaps, and other regulatory requirements. Swaps which are not offered for clearing by a clearing house will continue to be traded bi-laterally. Such bi-lateral transactions will remain subject to many of the risks discussed in the preceding paragraphs. Non-U.S. depositories are not subject to U.S. regulation. The Partnership s and the Trading Company s assets held in these depositories are subject to the risk that events could occur which would hinder or prevent the availability of these funds for distribution to customers including the Partnership. Such events may include actions by the government of the jurisdiction in which the depository is located including expropriation, taxation, moratoria and political or diplomatic events. 
 12 

Implementation of legislation is not complete. Rules implementing the Dodd-Frank Act and similar legislation in other countries are not yet complete. The impact of future rules on transactions of the type undertaken by the Partnership and the Trading Company is not certain. Changes in regulation of swaps could lead to increased costs. As the Dodd-Frank Act and related rules, as well as analogous legislation and regulations in other countries, are implemented and market infrastructure adapts to the changes, the cost of engaging in trading of swaps and other products could increase, reducing the profits from those trades. Central clearing parties could fail. Central clearing parties are highly capitalized. Cleared transactions are supported by initial and variation margin. As a result, failure of a central clearing party is highly unlikely. If a central clearing party were to fail, however, the impact on the financial system in general and on the Partnership s and the Trading Company s positions in particular is uncertain and could affect a large portion of the market. Deregistration of the commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor could disrupt operations. The General Partner is a registered commodity pool operator and each Trading Advisor is registered with the CFTC as a commodity trading advisor. If the CFTC were to terminate, suspend, revoke or not renew the registration of the General Partner, the General Partner would withdraw as general partner of the Partnership. The limited partners would then determine whether to select a replacement general partner or to dissolve the Partnership. If the CFTC were to terminate, suspend, revoke or not renew the registration of any Trading Advisor, the General Partner would terminate the Trading Advisor s advisory agreement(s) with the Partnership. The General Partner could reallocate the Partnership s assets managed by the relevant Trading Advisor to new trading advisor(s) or terminate the Partnership. No action is currently pending or threatened against the General Partner or any Trading Advisor. The Partnership and the Trading Company are subject to speculative position limits. The CFTC and U.S. futures exchanges have established speculative position limits (referred to as position limits on the maximum net long or net short position, which any person or group of persons may hold or control in particular futures and options on futures. Most exchanges also limit the amount of fluctuation in commodity futures contract prices on a single trading day. Therefore, a Trading Advisor may have to modify its trading instructions or reduce the size of its position in one or more futures or option contracts in order to avoid exceeding such position limits, which could adversely affect the profitability of the Partnership. The futures exchange may amend or adjust these position limits or the interpretation of how such limits are applied, adversely affecting the profitability of the Partnership. In addition, in October 2011, the CFTC adopted rules governing position limits on futures (and options on futures) on a number of agricultural, energy and metals commodities, as well as on swaps that perform a significant price discovery function with respect to those futures and options. In September 2012, the CFTC s rules were vacated by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and remanded to the CFTC for further consideration. The CFTC proposed revised position limits rules late in 2013. The comment period for the rules closed in February 2014, and the CFTC subsequently reopened comment periods for comments about certain issues related to futures and options contracts on agricultural commodities only. The CFTC re-proposed revised position limits rules late in 2016, and the comment period for the rules closed in February 2017. In January 2020, the CFTC re-proposed new rules regarding speculative position limits. These rules were adopted on October 15, 2020 and will be effective 60 days after publication in the Federal Register (the Effective Date ). These rules will impose position limits on certain futures and option contracts and physical commodity swaps that are economically equivalent to such contracts and may require the Trading Advisors to alter the trading strategies they employ on behalf of the Partnership or the Trading Company, and such impact may have an adverse effect on the Trading Company s and the Partnership s performance. Compliance with the rules is required: (i) as of the Effective Date for legacy core agricultural futures contracts, (ii) as of January 1, 2022 for certain obligations, including, among others, with respect to federal speculative position limits for non-legacy core referenced futures contracts not previously subject to federal position limits, and (iii) January 1, 2023 for certain obligations, including, among others, with respect to federal speculative position limits for economically equivalent swaps. The Partnership and the Trading Company have credit risk to the commodity brokers and the FX counterparties. The Partnership and the Trading Company have credit risk because the commodity brokers act as the futures commission merchants for futures transactions or the FX counterparties (for the Trading Company) on OTC transactions, with respect to most of the Partnership s and the Trading Company s assets. The Partnership has indirect credit risk to JPM on OTC transactions, with respect to the Trading Company s assets, to the extent that the Partnership indirectly trades foreign exchange forward contracts through the Trading Company. As such, in the event that either MS Co., in its capacity as a commodity broker and an FX counterparty, or JPM, in its capacity as an FX counterparty (to the extent that the Partnership indirectly trades foreign exchange forward contracts through the Trading Company, is unable to perform, the Partnership s and/or the Trading Company s assets are at risk and, in such event, the Partnership and/or the Trading Company may only recover a portion of its investment or nothing at all. Exchange-traded futures and futures-styled option contracts are fair-valued on a daily basis, with variations in value credited or charged to the Partnership s or the Trading Company s account on a daily basis. 
 13 

The commodity brokers, as futures commission merchants for the Partnership s and the Trading Company s exchange-traded contracts, are required, pursuant to CFTC regulations, to segregate from their own assets, and for the sole benefit of their commodity customers, all funds held by them with respect to exchange-traded futures and futures-styled option contracts, including an amount equal to the net unrealized gain on all open futures and futures-styled option contracts. Similar requirements apply with respect to funds held in connection with cleared swap contracts. In the event of a shortfall in segregated customer funds held by the futures commission merchant, the Partnership s and/or the Trading Company s assets on account with the futures commission merchant may be at risk in the event of the futures commission merchant s bankruptcy or insolvency, and in such event, the Partnership and/or the Trading Company may only recover a portion of the available customer funds. If no property is available for distribution, the Partnership and/or the Trading Company would not recover any of its assets. With respect to the Partnership s OTC foreign exchange contracts with MS Co. and the Partnership s indirect trading of foreign exchange forward contracts and uncleared swaps with JPM, prior to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act s provisions, there was no requirement to segregate funds held with respect to such contracts. The CFTC and the prudential regulators that oversee swap dealers finalized rules regarding margin for uncleared swaps that imposed certain requirements beginning September 1, 2016 that may adversely impact the manner in which such swaps are traded and/or settled or increase the costs of such trades. Uncleared swaps will generally be subject to initial and variation margin requirements which may require the Partnership or the Trading Company, to the extent that it trades uncleared swap contracts, to post collateral to swap dealers and collect collateral from swap dealers. Any initial margin that may be required to be posted by a swap dealer or the Partnership or the Trading Company must be segregated and held by an independent third party custodian and cannot be rehypothecated. Variation margin is not required to be segregated and may be rehypothecated. There may also be costs and delays involved in negotiating the custodial arrangement and related contractual terms. Risks Relating to the Trading Advisors You should not rely on the past performance of the Trading Advisors in deciding to purchase Units. Since the future performance of a Trading Advisor is unpredictable, each Trading Advisor s past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Reliance on the Trading Advisors to trade successfully. Each Trading Advisor is responsible for making all Futures Interests trading decisions on behalf of the Partnership and/or the Trading Company. The General Partner has no control over the specific trades that the Trading Advisors may make, leverage used, risks and/or concentrations assumed or whether the Trading Advisors will act in accordance with the disclosure documents or descriptive materials furnished by them to the General Partner. The General Partner can provide no assurance that the trading programs employed by the Trading Advisors will be successful. The Trading Advisors, in turn, are dependent upon the services of a limited number of persons to develop and refine their trading approaches and strategies and execute the trading transactions. The loss of the services of any Trading Advisor s principals or key employees, or the failure of those principals or key employees to function effectively as a team, may have an adverse effect on the Trading Advisor s ability to manage their trading activities successfully, or may cause a Trading Advisor to cease operations entirely. This, in turn, could negatively affect the Partnership s performance. Market factors may adversely influence the trading programs. Often, the most unprofitable market conditions for the Partnership and the Trading Company are those in which prices whipsaw, that is, such price moves quickly upward (or downward), then reverses, then moves upward (or downward) again, then reverses again. In such conditions, the Trading Advisors may establish positions based on incorrectly identifying both the brief upward or downward price movements as trends, whereas in fact no trends sufficient to generate profits develop. You will not be aware of changes to the trading programs. Because of the proprietary nature of the Trading Advisor s trading programs, you generally will not be advised if adjustments are made to trading programs in order to accommodate additional assets under management or for any other reason. Single-advisor funds lack the diversity of multi-advisor funds. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Partnership has been managed by a single trading advisor. Therefore, the Partnership lacked the potential benefit of trading advisor diversification available in funds that are managed by more than one trading advisor. Possible consequences of using multiple Trading Advisors. As of January 1, 2021, the Partnership will be managed by multiple trading advisors. Each Trading Advisor makes trading decisions independent of the other Trading Advisors for the Partnership. Thus, it is possible that the Partnership could hold opposite positions in the same or similar futures, forwards, and options, thereby offsetting any potential for profit from these positions. Each such position would cost the Partnership transactional expenses (such as brokerage commissions and NFA fees) but could not generate any recognized gain or loss. Moreover, the General Partner may reallocate the Partnership s assets among the current Trading Advisors, terminate one or more or select additional Trading Advisors at any time. Any such reallocation could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership or any one Trading Advisor. 
 14 

Increasing the assets managed by a Trading Advisor may adversely affect performance. The rates of return achieved by a trading advisor often diminish as the assets under its management increase. This can occur for many reasons, including the inability of the trading advisor to execute larger position sizes at desired prices and because of the need to adjust the trading advisor s trading program to avoid exceeding speculative position limits. These are limits established by the CFTC and the exchanges on the number of speculative futures and option contracts in a commodity that one trader may own or control. The Trading Advisors have not agreed to limit the amount of additional assets that they will manage. The Partnership s use of an increased rate of leverage could affect performance. The General Partner and certain Trading Advisors have agreed that such Trading Advisors will trade the Partnership s and/or the Trading Company s assets pursuant to a trading program, which will employ greater leverage than certain of the Trading Advisor s other trading programs. This increased leverage could result in increased gain or loss and trading volatility, as compared to other accounts employing certain of the Trading Advisor s other trading programs. A Trading Advisor may terminate its advisory agreement. Generally, the advisory agreements with the Trading Advisors have initial one-year terms, each of which renew for additional one-year terms annually, unless terminated by the General Partner or the Trading Advisor. In the event that an advisory agreement is not renewed, the General Partner may not be able to enter into an arrangement with that Trading Advisor or another trading advisor on terms substantially similar to the advisory agreements. Disadvantages of replacing or switching Trading Advisors. A Trading Advisor generally is required to recoup previous trading losses before it can earn performance-based compensation. However, the General Partner may elect to replace a Trading Advisor if such Trading Advisor has a loss carry-forward. In that case, the Partnership would lose the free ride of any potential recoupment of the prior losses. In addition, the new trading advisor(s) would earn performance-based compensation on the first dollars of investment profits. The effect of the replacement of, or the reallocation of assets away from, Trading Advisors therefore could be significant. Partnership performance may be hindered by increased competition for positions. Assets in managed futures have grown substantially, which has resulted in increased trading competition. Since futures are traded in an auction-like market, the more competition there is for some contracts, the more difficult it may be for the Partnership or the Trading Company to obtain the best prices. You will not have access to the Partnership s positions and must rely on the General Partner to monitor the Trading Advisors. As a limited partner, you will not have access to the Partnership s or the Trading Company s trade positions. Consequently, you will not know whether the Trading Advisors are adhering to the Partnership s trading policies and must rely on the ability of the General Partner to monitor trading and protect your investment. Taxation Risks You may have tax liability attributable to your interest in the Partnership even if you have received no distributions and redeemed no Units and even if the Partnership generated a loss. If the Partnership has profit for a taxable year, the profit will be includible in your taxable income, whether or not cash or other property is actually distributed to you by the Partnership. The General Partner presently does not intend to make any distributions from the Partnership. Accordingly, it is anticipated that U.S. federal income taxes on your allocable share of the Partnership s profits will exceed the amount of distributions to you, if any, for a taxable year, so that you must be prepared to fund any tax liability from redemptions of Units or other sources. In addition, the Partnership may have capital losses from trading activities that cannot be deducted against the Partnership s ordinary income (e.g., interest income, periodic net swap payments) so that you may have to pay taxes on ordinary income even if the Partnership generates a net loss. The Partnership s tax returns could be audited. The Internal Revenue Service IRS could audit the Partnership s U.S. federal income tax returns. If an audit results in an adjustment to the Partnership s tax return, limited partners in the Partnership could be required to file amended returns and pay additional tax. Pursuant to newly effective legislation, audits of the Partnership generally will be conducted at the Partnership level and any adjustment that results in additional tax (including interest and penalties thereon) will be assessed and collected at the Partnership level in the current taxable year, with the current partners indirectly bearing such cost, unless the Partnership is eligible to and makes an election to issue adjusted K-1s to those partners that were partners in the taxable year subject to audit. Therefore, unless the Partnership elects otherwise, the Partnership may be directly responsible in the current taxable year for the income tax liability resulting from an audit adjustment that relates to a prior taxable year in which a current limited partner did not own an interest in the Partnership or in which the limited partner s ownership percentage has since changed. Limited Partners should consult with their tax advisers regarding the potential implications of this audit regime. 
 15 

You will recognize short-term capital gain. Profits on futures contracts traded in regulated U.S. and some non-U.S. exchanges, foreign currency contracts traded in the interbank market, and U.S. and some non-U.S. exchange-traded options on commodities are generally taxed as short-term capital gain to the extent of 40 of gains with respect to Section 1256 contracts and at least 50 of the gain arising from a mixed straddle account and are currently taxed at a maximum marginal ordinary U.S. federal income tax rate of 37 for non-corporate taxpayers. Limitations on deductions for fund expenses. Special rules apply to deductions of investment advisory expenses by non-corporate taxpayers. Under tax legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted on December 22, 2017 as Public Law 115-97, no deduction for such expenses, or for other miscellaneous itemized deductions, is permitted for tax years between 2018 and 2025. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2025, deductions for such expenses are subject to certain limitations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and are not allowed for alternative minimum tax purposes. The IRS could take the position that certain Partnership expenses are investment advisory expenses and thus subject Partnership investors to disallowance of, or limitations on, deductions of allocated Partnership expenses. Prospective investors should discuss these issues with their personal tax advisors. Tax laws are subject to change at any time. Tax laws and court and IRS interpretations thereof are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Prospective investors are urged to discuss scheduled and potential tax law changes with their own tax advisors. Non-U.S. investors may face exchange rate risk and local tax consequences. Non-U.S. investors should note that Units are denominated in U.S. dollars and that changes in rates of exchange between currencies may cause the value of their investment to decrease or to increase. Non-U.S. investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the applicable U.S. and non-U.S. tax implications of this investment. Non-U.S. investors have reporting responsibilities and the Partnership may need to withhold taxes. The Partnership is required to impose a withholding tax of 30 on income allocable to certain non-U.S. investors that is attributable to certain U.S. investments, unless such investors satisfy certain reporting requirements. A number of non-U.S. countries have negotiated intergovernmental agreements with the U.S. Department of the Treasury regarding the implementation of this reporting and withholding regime, with some agreements potentially providing for information exchange from the U.S. authorities to non-U.S. revenue authorities regarding the U.S. financial accounts of non-U.S. persons. An investor s failure to document appropriately its compliance with the reporting rules may cause the investor to be subject to this U.S. withholding tax. General Risk Factors The General Partner, the Partnership and its service providers (including the Trading Advisors) and their respective operations are potentially vulnerable to cyber-security attacks or incidents. Like other business enterprises, the use of the internet and other electronic media and technology exposes the General Partner, the Partnership and its service providers, and their respective operations, to potential risks from cyber-security attacks or incidents (collectively, cyber events ). Cyber events may include, for example, unauthorized access to systems, networks or devices, infection from computer viruses or other malicious software code, mishandling or misuse of information and attacks which shut down, disable, slow or otherwise disrupt operations, business processes or website access or functionality. In addition to intentional cyber events, unintentional cyber events can occur. Unintentional cyber events may include, for example, the inadvertent release of confidential information, the mishandling or misuse of information and/or technological limitations or hardware failures (in the markets or otherwise) that constrain the Partnership s and/or the Trading Company s ability to gather, process and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption. Any cyber event could adversely affect the Partnership s business, financial condition or results of operations and cause the Partnership to incur financial loss and expense, as well as face exposure to regulatory penalties or legal claims, reputational damage and additional costs associated with corrective measures. A cyber-security breach could also jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the general partner s or a service provider s computer systems. A cyber event may cause the Partnership or its service providers to lose proprietary information, suffer data corruption, lose operational capacity (such as, for example, the loss of the ability to process transactions, calculate the Partnership s net asset value, or allow investors to transact business) and/or fail to comply with applicable privacy and other laws. Among other potentially harmful effects, cyber events also may result in theft, unauthorized monitoring and failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support the Partnership or its service providers. The nature of malicious cyber-attacks is becoming increasingly sophisticated and neither the General Partner nor the Partnership can control the cyber systems and cyber-security systems of the advisor or other third-party service providers. 
 16 

The continuing spread of a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, may adversely affect our investments and operations. Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the Partnership s/Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership s/Trading Company s investments and operations. On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership s/Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership/Trading Company and the performance of their investments or operations, and the ability of the Partnership to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . Not applicable. Item 2. Properties . The Partnership s executive and administrative offices are located within the offices of the General Partner. The General Partner s offices utilized by the Partnership are located at 522 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10036. 
 17 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner. On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. or the Company ). MS Co. is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic reports with the SEC as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and investigations. As a result, we refer you to the Legal Proceedings section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Audited Financial Statement that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at www.morganstanley.com . We refer you to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies Legal section of MS Co. s 2021 Audited Financial Statement. In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, as well as being subject to regulatory investigations arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions or regulatory investigations include claims for substantial penalties, compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of penalties or damages. MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association. During the preceding five years, the following administrative, civil, or criminal actions pending, on appeal or concluded against MS Co. or any of its principals are material within the meaning of CFTC Rule 4.24(l)(2) or 4.34(k)(2): Regulatory and Governmental Matters. The Company has been responding to subpoenas and other requests for information from the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York in connection with their investigations into various aspects of the Company s blocks business, certain related sales and trading practices, and applicable controls (the Investigations ). The Investigations are focused on whether the Company and/or its employees shared and/or used information regarding impending block transactions in violation of federal securities laws and regulations. The Company is continuing to cooperate with the Investigations and is responding to the requests. The Company also faces potential civil liability arising from claims that have been or may be asserted by, among others, block transaction participants who contend they were harmed or disadvantaged including, among other things, as a result of a share price decline allegedly caused by the activities of the Company and/or its employees, or as a result of the Company s and/or its employees failure to adhere to applicable laws and regulations. In addition, the Company has responded to demands from shareholders under Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law for books and records concerning the Investigations. 
 18 

On September 30, 2020, the SEC entered into a settlement order with MS Co. settling an administrative action which relates to MS Co. s violations of the order marking requirements of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act resulting from its improper use of aggregation units in structuring the Firm s equity swaps business. The order found that MS Co. improperly operated its equity swaps business without netting certain long and short positions as required by Rule 200(c) of Regulation SHO. The order found that the long exposure to an equity security (the Long Unit and the short exposure to an equity security (the Short Unit were not independent from one another and did not have separate trading strategies or objectives without regard to each other, and that the Long and Short Units were not eligible for the exception in Rule 200(f) of Regulation SHO. The order found that MS Co. willfully violated Section 200(g) of Regulation SHO. MS Co. consented, without admitting or denying the findings and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to a censure; to cease and desist from committing or causing future violations; to pay a civil penalty of 5 million; and to comply with the undertaking enumerated in the order. The Firm has reached agreements in principle with two regulatory agencies the SEC for 125 million and the CFTC for 75 million to resolve record-keeping related investigations by those agencies relating to business communications on messaging platforms that had not been approved by the Firm. The Company was one of the entities involved in these investigations, and has recognized a provision of 63 million in anticipation of concluding the settlement with the SEC. On September 27, 2022, the Firm s settlements with the SEC and the CFTC became effective. Civil Litigation On August 18, 2009, Relators Roger Hayes and C. Talbot Heppenstall, Jr., filed a qui tam action in New Jersey state court styled State of New Jersey ex. rel. Hayes v. Bank of America Corp., et al . The complaint, filed under seal pursuant to the New Jersey False Claims Act, alleged that the Company and several other underwriters of municipal bonds had defrauded New Jersey issuers by misrepresenting that they would achieve the best price or lowest cost of capital in connection with certain municipal bond issuances. On March 17, 2016, the court entered an order unsealing the complaint. On November 17, 2017, Relators filed an amended complaint to allege the Company mispriced certain bonds issued in twenty-three bond offerings between 2008 and 2017, having a total par amount of 6,946 million. The complaint seeks, among other relief, treble damages. On February 22, 2018, the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint, and on July 17, 2018, the court denied the Company s motion. On October 13, 2021, following a series of voluntary and involuntary dismissals, Relators limited their claims to certain bonds issued in five offerings the Company underwrote between 2008 and 2011, having a total par amount of 3,856 million. On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al. filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of the State of New York County Supreme Court of NY ). The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately 133 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 116 million. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department First Department affirmed the trial court s decision denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. On July 15, 2022, MS Co. filed a motion for summary judgment. At December 25, 2019, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately 22 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of 58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the 22 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
 19 

In August of 2017, MS Co. was named as a defendant in a purported antitrust class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York SDNY styled Iowa Public Employees Retirement System et al. v. Bank of America Corporation et al. Plaintiffs allege, inter alia, that MS Co., together with a number of other financial institution defendants, violated U.S. antitrust laws and New York state law in connection with their alleged efforts to prevent the development of electronic exchange-based platforms for securities lending. The class action complaint was filed on behalf of a purported class of borrowers and lenders who entered into stock loan transactions with the defendants. The class action complaint seeks, among other relief, certification of the class of plaintiffs and treble damages. On September 27, 2018, the court denied the defendants motion to dismiss the class action complaint. Plaintiffs motion for class certification was referred by the District Court to a magistrate judge who, on June 30, 2022, issued a report and recommendation that the District Court certify a class. The motion for class certification and the parties objections to the report and recommendation are pending before the District Court. On August 13, 2021, the plaintiff in Camelot Event Driven Fund, a Series of Frank Funds Trust v. Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, et al. filed in the Supreme Court of NY a purported class action complaint alleging violations of the federal securities laws against ViacomCBS Viacom ), certain of its officers and directors, and the underwriters, including the Company, of two March 2021 Viacom offerings: a 1,700 Viacom Class B Common Stock offering and a 1,000 offering of 5.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the Offerings ). The complaint alleges, inter alia, that the Viacom offering documents for both issuances contained material omissions because they did not disclose that certain of the underwriters, including the Company, had prime brokerage relationships and served as counterparties to certain derivative transactions with Archegos Capital Management LP, Archegos ), a fund with significant exposure to Viacom securities across multiple prime brokers. The complaint, which seeks, among other things, unspecified compensatory damages, alleges that the offering documents did not adequately disclose the risks associated with Archegos s concentrated Viacom positions at the various prime brokers, including that the unwind of those positions could have a deleterious impact on the stock price of Viacom. On November 5, 2021, the complaint was amended to add allegations that defendants failed to disclose that certain underwriters, including the Company, had intended to unwind Archegos s Viacom positions while simultaneously distributing the Offerings. On February 6, 2023, the court issued a decision denying the motions to dismiss as to the Company and the other underwriters, but granted the motion to dismiss as to Viacom and the Viacom individual defendants. On February 15 2023, the underwriters, including the Firm, filed their Notices of Appeal of the denial of their motions to dismiss. Settled Civil Litigation On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank CDIB filed a complaint against MS Co., styled China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated et al. , in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint related to a 275 million credit default swap CDS referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserted claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the CDS with CDIB. On March 22, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement. On April 16, 2021, the court entered a stipulation of voluntary discontinuance, with prejudice. On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al. A corrected amended complaint was filed on April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately 203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On November 4, 2021, the Firm entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al. An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 385 million. The amended complaint raised claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and sought, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 332 million. On July 13, 2018, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation. 
 20 

On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et al. v. Morgan Stanley et al. filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately 634 million. The complaint alleged causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and sought, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 26, 2018, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an action against MS Co. in California state court styled California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees Retirement System and the California Teachers Retirement System. The complaint alleged that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV, and asserted violations of the California False Claims Act and other state laws and sought treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On April 24, 2019, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. Beginning on March 25, 2019, MS Co. was named as a defendant in a series of putative class action complaints filed in the United States District Court for the SDNY, the first of which is styled Alaska Electrical Pension Fund v. BofA Secs., Inc., et al . Each complaint alleged a conspiracy to fix prices and restrain competition in the market for unsecured bonds issued by the following Government-Sponsored Enterprises: the Federal National Mortgage Association; the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation; the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation; and the Federal Home Loan Banks. The purported class period for each suit is from January 1, 2012 to June 1, 2018. Each complaint raised a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and sought, among other things, injunctive relief and treble compensatory damages. On May 23, 2019, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended class action complaint styled In re GSE Bonds Antitrust Litigation , with a purported class period from January 1, 2009 to January 1, 2016. On June 13, 2019, the defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. On August 29, 2019, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss. On December 15, 2019, MS Co. and certain other defendants entered into a stipulation of settlement to resolve the action as against each of them in its entirety. On June 16, 2020, the court granted final approval of the settlement. Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions. 
 21 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . Not applicable. 
 22 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) 
 Market Information . The Partnership has issued no stock. There is no public market for the Units. 

(b) 
 Holders . The number of holders of Units as of February 28, 2023 was 3,565 for Class A Units and 3 for Class Z Units. 

(c) 
 Distributions . No distributions have been made by the Partnership since it commenced trading operations on March 1, 1999. Ceres has sole discretion to decide what distributions, if any, shall be made to investors in the Partnership. Ceres does not intend to declare distributions in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans . None. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph . Not applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities . The Registrant s Units of limited partnership interest are being offered in a private placement pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act, and are being sold only to persons and entities who are accredited investors as the term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relied on the fact that the Units were purchased by accredited investors. The aggregate proceeds of unregistered securities sold to the limited partners through December 31, 2022 was 238,091,559. The Partnership received 627,786 in consideration from the sale of Units to the General Partner. Proceeds of net offering were used for the trading of Futures Interests. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers . The following chart sets forth the purchases of Units by the Partnership. 

Period 
 
 Class A (a) Total Number of Units Purchased 
 
 Class A (b) Average Price Paid per Unit 

(c) Total Number of Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 
 (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 
 
 40,453.515 

30.68 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 
 
 31,789.537 

28.88 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 
 
 36,454.695 

28.08 

N/A 
 
 N/A 

108,697.747 

29.28 

Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Units as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners. 

Redemptions of Units are effected as of the last day of each month at the net asset value per Unit as of that day. Item 6. [Reserved] . 
 23 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Liquidity . The Partnership/Trading Company deposits its assets with MS Co. as its clearing commodity broker in separate Futures Interests trading accounts established for the Trading Advisors. Such assets are used as margin to engage in trading and may be used as margin solely for the Partnership s/Trading Company s trading. The assets are held either in non-interest bearing bank accounts or in securities and instruments permitted by the CFTC for investment of customer segregated or secured funds. Since the Partnership s/Trading Company s sole purpose is to trade in futures, forwards and options, it is expected that the Partnership/Trading Company will continue to own such liquid assets for margin purposes. The Partnership s/Trading Company s investment in Futures Interests and U.S. Treasury bills may, from time to time, be illiquid. Most U.S. futures exchanges limit fluctuations in prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily price fluctuation limits or daily limits. Trades may not be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. If the price for a particular futures or option contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in that futures or option contract can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. Futures prices have occasionally moved the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. These market conditions could prevent the Partnership from promptly liquidating its futures or option contracts and result in restrictions on redemptions. There is no limitation on daily price movements in trading forward contracts on foreign currencies. The markets for some world currencies have low trading volume and are illiquid, which may prevent the Partnership/Trading Company from trading in potentially profitable markets or prevent the Partnership/Trading Company from promptly liquidating unfavorable positions in such markets, subjecting it to substantial losses. Either of these market conditions could result in restrictions on redemptions. For the periods covered by this report, illiquidity has not materially affected the Partnership s/Trading Company s assets. There are no known material trends, demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties at the present time that are reasonably likely to result in the Partnership s/Trading Company s liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. Capital Resources . The Partnership does not have, nor does it expect to have, any capital assets. The Partnership s only assets are its (i) investment in the Trading Company, (ii) redemptions receivable from the Trading Company, (iii) equity in trading account, consisting of restricted and unrestricted cash, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts and investment in U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, as applicable, and (iv) interest receivable. Redemptions, exchanges and sales of Units in the future will affect the amount of funds available for investments in Futures Interests and U.S. Treasury bills in subsequent periods. It is not possible to estimate the amount, and therefore the impact, of future inflows and outflows of Units. There are no known material trends, favorable or unfavorable, that would affect, nor any expected material changes to, the Partnership s capital resource arrangements at the present time. Results of Operations General . The Partnership s results depend on the Trading Advisors and the ability of the Trading Advisors trading programs to take advantage of price movements in the futures, forwards and options markets. In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership among the Trading Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, the Trading Advisors past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Trading Advisors and allocate assets to additional advisors at any time. As of December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the Advisors in the following approximate percentages: 

Advisor 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 (percentage of Partners Capital) 

September 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 (percentage of Partners Capital) 

Campbell 

36,124,199 

23 

40,624,217 

24 

EMC 

11,990,218 

8 

15,190,037 

9 

Graham 

43,217,250 

27 

51,148,965 

30 

WCM 

49,555,523 

31 

54,191,489 

31 

Unallocated 

16,753,858 

11 

11,208,519 

6 

24 

Graham Capital Management L.P. The K4D quantitative investment program has its origin in Graham s legacy trend-following trading systems, dating as far back as 1995. Graham s trend systems are designed to participate selectively in potential profit opportunities that can occur during periods of price trends in a diverse number of U.S. and international markets. The trend systems establish positions in markets where the price action of a particular market signals the computerized systems used by Graham that a potential trend in prices is occurring. The trend systems also employ proprietary risk management and trade filter strategies that seek to benefit from sustained price trends while reducing risk and volatility exposure. Each K4D program trades the same quantitative models in the same proportion, and differs only with respect to the annual volatility range targeted (with the K4D-10V Program targeting an annual volatility range of 8 to 12 ; the K4D-15V Program targeting an annual volatility range of 12 to 18 ; and the K4D-20V Program targeting an annual volatility range of 16 to 24 ). Winton Capital Management Limited The portion of the Partnership s assets that was allocated to Winton for trading are not invested in commodity interests directly. Winton s allocation of the Partnership s assets was invested in Winton Master. Winton trades the Diversified Macro Strategies (formerly, the Winton Futures Program), a proprietary, systematic trading program, on behalf of Winton Master. The investment objective of the Diversified Macro Strategies is to achieve long-term investment growth. The Diversified Macro Strategies (formerly, the Winton Futures Program) follows a disciplined investment process that is based on statistical analysis of historical data. The initial stage of the process involves collecting, cleaning and organizing large amounts of data. The Diversified Macro Strategies uses a wide variety of data inputs including factors that are intrinsic to markets, such as price, volume and open interest; and those that are external to markets, such as economic statistics, industrial and commodity data and public company financial data. Winton conducts statistical research into the data in an attempt to quantify the probability of particular markets rising or falling, conditional on a variety of quantifiable factors. Winton s research is used to develop mathematical models that attempt to forecast market returns, the variability or volatility associated with such returns (often described as risk ), and the correlation between markets and transaction costs. These forecasts are used in investment strategies that determine what positions should be held to maximize profit within a certain range of risk. As a result of Winton s research, Winton expects that the investments made in accordance with this process will have an improved chance of being successful, which is expected to lead to profits over the long-term. Winton s investment programs are operated as automated, computer-based investment systems. The programs are modified over time as Winton monitors its operation and undertakes further research. Changes to the programs occur as a result of, amongst other things, the discovery of new relationships, changes in market liquidity, the availability of new data or the reinterpretation of existing data. Most of Winton s investment decisions are made strictly in accordance with the output of the programs. However, Winton may, in exceptional circumstances (such as the occurrence of events that fall outside the input parameters of the programs), make investment decisions based on other factors and take action to override the output of the programs to seek to protect the interests of investors. EMC Capital Advisors, LLC EMC will trade its Classic Program for the Partnership. EMC s investment strategies are technical rather than fundamental in nature. In other words, they are developed from analysis of patterns of actual monthly, weekly and daily price movements and are not based on analysis of fundamental supply and demand factors, general economic factors, or anticipated world events. EMC relies on historical analysis of these price patterns to interpret current market behavior and to evaluate technical indicators for trade initiations and liquidations. EMC s investment strategies used in its program are trend-following. This means that initiation and liquidation of positions in a particular market are generally in the direction of the price trend in that market, although at times counter-trend elements also may be employed. EMC employs an investment strategy which utilizes a blend of systems (or, stated another way, a number of systems simultaneously). The strategies are diversified in that its program follows a number of Futures Interests and often invests in more than ten different interests at one time. Campbell Company, LP Campbell will trade the Partnerships assets in accordance with its Campbell Managed Futures Portfolio, a proprietary, systematic trading system. Campbell s trading models are designed to detect and exploit medium-term to long-term price changes, while also applying risk management and portfolio management principles. 
 25 

Campbell believes that utilizing multiple trading models provides an important level of diversification and is most beneficial when multiple contracts of each market are traded. Every trading model may not trade every market. It is possible that one trading model may signal a long position while another trading model signals a short position in the same market. It is Campbell s intention to offset those signals to reduce unnecessary trading, but if the signals are not simultaneous, both trades will be taken and since it is unlikely that both positions would prove profitable, in retrospect, one or both trades will appear to have been unnecessary. It is Campbell s policy to follow trades signaled by each trading model independent of the other models. For the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the average allocation by commodity market sector for CMF Winton was as follows: 

CMF Winton 

Currencies 

33.1 

Energy 

9.3 

Grains 

5.0 

Indices 

15.8 

Interest Rates U.S. 

6.3 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

10.5 

Livestock 

1.4 

Metals 

11.2 

Softs 

7.4 
 
 The following presents a summary of the Partnership s operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and a general discussion of its trading activities during each period. It is important to note, however, that the Trading Advisors trade in various markets at different times and that prior activity in a particular market does not mean that such market will be actively traded by the Trading Advisors or will be profitable in the future. Consequently, the results of operations of the Partnership are difficult to discuss other than in the context of the Trading Advisors trading activities on behalf of the Partnership during the period in question. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The Partnership s results of operations set forth in the financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), which require the use of certain accounting policies that affect the amounts reported in these financial statements, including the following: the contracts the Partnership trade are accounted for on a trade-date basis and marked to market on a daily basis. The difference between their original contract value and market value is recorded in the Statements of Income and Expenses as Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts and recorded as Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts when open positions are closed out. The sum of these amounts constitutes the Partnership s trading results. The market value of a futures contract is the settlement price on the exchange on which that futures contract is traded on a particular day. The value of a foreign currency forward contract is based on the spot rate as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.), the close of the business day. Interest income, as well as management fees, administrative and General Partner s fees and ongoing placement agent fees of the Partnership are recorded on an accrual basis. The General Partner believes that, based on the nature of the operations of the Partnership, no assumptions relating to the application of critical accounting policies other than those presently used could reasonably affect reported amounts. No forecast can be made as to the level of redemptions in any given period. A limited partner may require the Partnership to redeem its Units at the net asset value per Unit as of the end of any month on three business days notice to the General Partner. There is no fee charged to limited partners in connection with redemptions. Redemptions are generally funded out of the Partnership s cash holdings. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 536,923.121 limited partner Units of Class A were redeemed totaling 14,660,370 and 24,916.944 General Partner Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 300,000. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 1,046,833.899 limited partner Units of Class A were redeemed totaling 23,024,929 and 145,102.254 General Partner Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 1,285,094. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 871,818.455 limited partner Units of Class A were redeemed totaling 17,276,664. The Partnership continues to offer Units for each Class at their net asset value per Unit as of the end of each month. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no additional subscriptions of limited partner Units of Class A, General Partner Units of Class Z and limited partner Units of Class Z. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were subscriptions of 4,259,217.890 limited partner Units of Class A totaling 89,741,721, 206,904.961 General Partner Units of Class Z totaling 1,841,454 and 11,079.649 limited partner Units of Class Z totaling 99,016. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were subscriptions of 1,155.802 limited partner Units of Class A totaling 25,000. 
 26 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Unit for Class A increased 26.4 from 22.22 to 28.08. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Unit for Class Z increased 27.3 from 9.46 to 12.04. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Unit for Class A increased 5.5 from 21.07 to 22.22. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Unit for Class Z increased 6.3 from 8.90 to 9.46. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Unit for Class A decreased 5.1 from 22.21 to 21.07. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Unit for Class Z decreased 3.7 from 9.24 to 8.90. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 42,184,779 before fees and expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading of Futures Interests in the currencies, energy, grains, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and metals sectors and were partially offset by losses in the indices, livestock and softs sectors. The net trading gain (or loss) realized from the Partnership is disclosed under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. During the first quarter of 2022, the Partnership s most notable gains were experienced during January, February and March from long positions in crude oil and its refined products as prices surged higher in the lead up to and subsequent invasion of Ukraine by Russia. Additional gains were recorded during March from short positions in U.S. fixed income futures as bond prices retreated amid a push by the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in its efforts to combat rising inflation. Within the currencies, gains were achieved during March from short positions in the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the value of the yen weakened as the Bank of Japan indicated it would maintain a dovish stance on monetary easing. Additional gains in the currency markets were recorded throughout the first quarter from short positions in the euro relative to the U.S. dollar. Within the agricultural sector, gains were recorded during January and February from long positions in corn and soybean futures as inflationary pressures pushed grain prices higher. In the metals, profits were recorded from long positions in aluminum and nickel futures throughout the quarter. The Partnership s overall trading gains for the first quarter were partially offset by trading losses recorded during January within the global stock index markets from long positions in U.S. equity index futures as global stock prices retreated. During the second quarter of 2022, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved in currencies during April and June from short positions in the euro and Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the Fed announced aggressive policies on raising interest rates towards fighting inflation, thus pushing the value of the dollar higher versus its major counterparts. Within the global fixed income markets, gains were recorded during April and June from short positions in U.S. and European fixed income futures. Within the energies, gains were achieved from long positions across the energy complex as supply shortfalls pushed prices higher. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the second quarter was offset by losses incurred within the agricultural markets during June from long positions in corn, soybeans, and cotton futures as prices reversed lower off their previous highs. Within the metals sector, losses were recorded during April and May from long positions in industrial metals as the continuation of the war between Russia and Ukraine and renewed COVID lockdowns in China spurred concerns for weakening global industrial output. Further losses were incurred during April and May from positions in European and Asian equity index futures. During the third quarter of 2022, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the currency sector during August and September from long positions in the U.S. dollar versus the Japanese yen, euro, and British pound as the value of the dollar continued to rally amid signs of rising interest rates. Further gains were recorded during August and September from short positions in U.S. Treasury note and European bond futures as fixed income prices fell as central bank policies to raise interest rates to battle inflation remained a priority in both regions. Within the metals sector, gains were recorded during August from short positions in gold and silver futures as precious metals prices fell. The Partnership s gains for the third quarter were partially offset by losses incurred within the energy sector during August and September from long positions in crude oil and its refined products as prices declined amid global recession fears and government efforts to curb rising energy prices. Within the agricultural complex, losses were recorded throughout the third quarter from long positions in the livestock, grains and soft commodities markets as prices reversed lower following a prolonged bullish trend. Further losses were incurred within the global stock index sector during July and August from long positions in U.S. and European equity index futures as stock prices declined amid investor concerns of a potential global recession. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Partnership s most notable losses were incurred during November and December from short positions in the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar weakened. Additional losses were experienced during November and December from short positions in gold and silver futures as demand for precious metals increased amid the weakened dollar. An easing of global energy prices during November and December resulted in losses from long positions in crude oil and many of its refined products. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the fourth quarter was offset by gains achieved within the global interest rate sector during December from positions in both European and U.S. fixed income futures as inflationary and geopolitical events added directional volatility to the global bond markets. Gains were also recorded during October from long positions in the grains markets as drought conditions in South America threatened crops. 
 27 

The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 14,499,858 before fees and expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading of Futures Interests in the currencies, energy, grains, indices, metals and softs sectors and were partially offset by losses in the U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and livestock sectors. During the first quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most notable gains were experienced during February and March from long positions in U.S., Asian, and European equity index futures as stock prices rallied on an optimistic outlook for global economic growth. Within the agricultural sector, gains were achieved during January and February from long positions in corn and soybean futures as prices advanced on strengthening consumer demand. Within the energy sector, gains were achieved during February from long futures positions in crude oil and its refined products as prices surged on an outlook for increased global demand. Additional gains were experienced within the currency markets primarily during March from short positions in the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar advanced. The Partnership s overall trading gains for the first quarter were partially offset by trading losses recorded during January and February from long positions in U.S., Australian, Canadian and European bond futures as interest rates moved higher, pressuring prices lower. Within the metals sector, losses were incurred during January and March from long positions in gold and silver futures as the stronger U.S. dollar reduced demand for precious metals. During the second quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the energy sector during April, May, and June from long futures positions in crude oil and its refined products, natural gas, and carbon emissions as prices surged higher amid optimism for a rebound in global economic strength. Within the global stock index markets, gains were experienced during April, May, and June from long positions in U.S. equity index futures as prices advanced on steady investor demand for risk assets. Gains within the agricultural sector were recorded during April from long positions in corn, wheat, and soybean futures. Additional gains were achieved within the metals sector during April and May from long positions in copper futures as prices moved higher amid signs of tightening global stockpiles. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the second quarter was offset by losses incurred within the global fixed income sector during April, May, and June from short positions in U.S. and European fixed income futures as central banks signaled they would remain committed to easing policies. Further losses were experienced within the currency markets during April from short positions in the euro and Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar trended lower. During the third quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most significant trading gains were achieved within the energy sector during September from long positions in natural gas and crude oil futures as supply chain constrictions boosted global energy prices. Within the currency markets, gains were recorded during September from short positions in the euro, Japanese yen, Australian dollar and Swiss franc versus the U.S. dollar. Within the agricultural markets, gains were experienced during August from long positions in sugar futures and during September from long positions in cotton futures as commodity prices were boosted by inflationary pressures. Smaller gains were recorded within the metals sector during July from long positions in nickel futures. The Partnership s trading gains for the third quarter were offset by trading losses incurred within the global fixed income sector during September from long positions in European, U.S., and Australian fixed income futures as prices declined amid an expectation for central banks to begin to taper asset purchases. Further losses were recorded during September within the global stock index sector from long positions in U.S. equity index futures as concerns over the strength of the global economy weighed on stock prices. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most notable losses were incurred within the global fixed income markets during October from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as bond prices fell on an outlook for global central banks to curtail easing measures to combat growing inflation. Within the energies, losses were experienced during November from long positions in crude oil and its refined products as the discovery of a new COVID-19 variant caused energy prices to reverse dramatically lower late in the month. Additional losses were incurred within the metals during November from positions in both industrial and precious metals. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the fourth quarter was offset by gains achieved within the global stock index markets during October and December from long positions in U.S. equity index futures as bullish momentum boosted stock prices. Within the currencies, gains were recorded during November from positions in the Australian dollar and euro. Smaller gains were achieved within the agricultural sector during October and December from long positions in corn futures as increased consumer demand pushed prices higher. The results of operations for the twelve months ended 2020 are discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
 28 

The Partnership receives monthly interest on 100 of its average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s account during each month at a rate equal to 100 of the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Partnership received monthly interest on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s account during each month at a rate equal to 80 of the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Partnership will not receive interest on amounts in the futures brokerage account that are committed to margin. Any interest earned on the Partnership s cash account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All interest earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market fund securities will be retained by the Partnership, as applicable. Interest income for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 1,226,208 and 2,152,197, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities held by the Partnership and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership or MS Co. has control. Certain clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Trading Advisors for the Partnership. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 36,921 and 179,619, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The decrease in these clearing fees was primarily due to a decrease in the number of trades made by the Partnership during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Ongoing placement agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s Class A adjusted net assets on the first day of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions, and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Ongoing placement agent fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 50,180 and 92,814, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in average net assets of Class A during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. As of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, or any other placement agent or sub-placement agent, an annualized rate equal to 0.75 with respect to Class A Units. General Partner fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the business and affairs of the Partnership. The General Partner s fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the beginning of each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. General Partner s fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 50,850 and 93,600, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Effective July 1, 2020, there was a reduction in the General Partner fee rate from 1/12 th of 2.00 to 1/12 th of 1.75 . Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly administrative fee equal to 1/12 th of 0.75 (a 0.75 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the beginning of each month. Prior to January 1, 2021, the General Partner paid or reimbursed the Partnership for all fees and costs charged or incurred by the commodity brokers for trades executed on behalf of the Partnership, and for all ordinary administrative and offering expenses. Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership directly pays the brokerage fees and other transaction-related fees and expenses, as incurred and also pays its ongoing administrative, operating, offering and organizational expenses (including, but not limited to, periodic legal, accounting, administrative, filing, reporting and data processing fees) and its pro rata share of such expenses of any trading company to which the Partnership has allocated assets. Management fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the beginning of each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 92,400 and 51,885, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Incentive fees are based on the new trading profits generated by the Trading Advisors at the end of the year as defined in the management agreements among the Partnership, the General Partner and the relevant Trading Advisor. Trading performance for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 resulted in incentive fees of 0 and 3,536,416, respectively. Trading performance for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 resulted in incentive fees of 81,002 and 1,258,266, respectively. To the extent that a Trading Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Trading Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until such Trading Advisor recovers any net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. 
 29 

The Partnership pays professional fees, which generally include professional fees made up of legal and accounting expenses, as well as certain offering costs and filing, administrative, reporting and data processing fees. Professional fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 400,174 and 537,889, respectively. For an analysis of unrealized gains and losses by contract type and a further description of 2022 trading results, refer to the Partnership s Annual Report to limited partners for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . of this Form 10-K. The Partnership s gains and losses are allocated among its partners for income tax purposes. Market Risk . The Partnership is a party to financial instruments with elements of off-balance sheet market and credit risk. The Partnership trades futures contracts, options on futures contracts and forward contracts on physical commodities and other commodity interests, including, but not limited to, foreign currencies, financial instruments, metals, energy, and agricultural products. In entering into these contracts, the Partnership is subject to the market risk that such contracts may be significantly influenced by market conditions, such as interest rate volatility, resulting in such contracts being less valuable. If the markets should move against all of the positions held by the Partnership at the same time, and the Trading Advisors were unable to offset positions of the Partnership, the Partnership could lose all of its assets and the limited partners would realize a loss equal to 100 of their capital accounts. In addition to the Trading Advisors internal controls, each Trading Advisor must comply with the Partnership s trading policies that include standards for liquidity and leverage that must be maintained. Each Trading Advisor and Ceres monitor the Partnership s trading activities to ensure compliance with the trading policies and Ceres can require the Trading Advisors to modify positions of the Partnership if Ceres believes they violate the Partnership s trading policies. Credit Risk . In addition to market risk, in entering into futures, forward and option contracts, there is a credit risk to the Partnership that the counterparty on a contract will not be able to meet its obligations to the Partnership. The ultimate counterparty or guarantor of the Partnership for futures, forward and option contracts traded in the United States, and most foreign exchanges on which the Partnership trades, is the clearinghouse associated with such exchange. In general, a clearinghouse is backed by the membership of the exchange and will act in the event of non-performance by one of its members or one of its member s customers, which should significantly reduce this credit risk. There is no assurance that a clearinghouse, exchange, or other exchange member will meet its obligations to the Partnership, and Ceres and the commodity broker will not indemnify the Partnership against a default by such parties. Further, the law is unclear as to whether a commodity broker has any obligation to protect its customers from loss in the event of an exchange or clearinghouse defaulting on trades effected for the broker s customers. In cases where the Partnership trades off-exchange forward contracts with a counterparty, the sole recourse of the Partnership will be the forward contract s counterparty. Ceres deals with these credit risks of the Partnership in several ways. First, Ceres monitors the Partnership s credit exposure to each exchange on a daily basis. The commodity broker informs the Partnership, as with all of their customers, of the Partnership s net margin requirements for all of its existing open positions, and Ceres has installed a system which permits it to monitor the Partnership s potential net credit exposure, exchange by exchange, by adding the unrealized trading gains on each exchange, if any, to the Partnership s margin liability thereon. Second, the Partnership s trading policies limit the amount of its net assets that can be committed at any given time to futures contracts and require a minimum amount of diversification in the Partnership s trading, usually over several different products and exchanges. Historically, the Partnership s exposure to any one exchange has typically amounted to only a small percentage of its total net assets and, on those relatively few occasions where the Partnership s credit exposure climbs above such level, Ceres deals with the situation on a case by case basis, carefully weighing whether the increased level of credit exposure remains appropriate. Material changes to the trading policies may be made only with the prior written approval of the limited partners owning more than 50 of Units then outstanding. Third, with respect to non-exchange-traded forward contract trading, the Partnership trades with only those counterparties which Ceres, together with MS Co., has determined to be creditworthy. The Partnership presently deals with MS Co. as the sole counterparty on all trading of foreign currency forward contracts. 
 30 

For additional information, see Note 4, Financial Instruments under Notes to Financial Statements in the Partnership s Annual Report to limited partners for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . of this Form 10-K. Inflation has not been a major factor in the Partnership s operations. Critical Accounting Estimates . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. A summary of the Partnership s significant accounting policies is described in Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Account Policies under Notes to Financial Statements in the Partnership s Annual Report to limited partners for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . of this Form 10-K. The Partnership s most significant accounting policy is the valuation of its investments in Futures Interests and U.S. Treasury bills, as applicable. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as inputs the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid prices received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . The Partnership and Trading Company are commodity pools engaged primarily in the speculative trading of Futures Interests. The market-sensitive instruments held by the Partnership are acquired for speculative trading purposes only and, as a result, all or substantially all of the Partnership s assets are at risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market-sensitive instruments is inherent to the primary business activity of the Partnership. The Futures Interests on such contracts traded by the Partnership involve varying degrees of related market risk. Market risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of held interest rates, exchange rates, and prices of financial instruments and commodities, factors that result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s open positions, and consequently in its earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash flow. Gains and losses on open positions of exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange-traded futures-styled option contracts are settled daily through variation margin. Gains and losses on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts are settled upon termination of the contract. Gains and losses on non-exchange-traded forward currency option contracts are settled on an agreed-upon settlement date. The Partnership s total market risk may increase or decrease as it is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the diversification among the Partnership s open positions, the volatility present within the markets, and the liquidity of the markets. The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership is typically many times the applicable margin requirements. Margin requirements generally range between 2 and 15 of contract face value. Additionally, the use of leverage causes the face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership typically to be many times the total capitalization of the Partnership. The Partnership s past performance is no guarantee of its future results. Any attempt to numerically quantify the Partnership s market risk is limited by the uncertainty of its speculative trading. The Partnership s speculative trading and use of leverage may cause future losses and volatility i.e. , risk of ruin that far exceed the Partnership s experience to date as discussed under the Partnership s and the Trading Company s Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors section and significantly exceed the Value at Risk tables disclosed. Limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment. 
 31 

Quantifying the Partnership s and the Trading Company s Trading Value at Risk The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s/Trading Company s market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor, except for statements of historical fact. The Partnership/Trading Company accounts for open positions on the basis of fair value accounting principles. Any loss in the market value of the Partnership s open positions is directly reflected in the Partnership s/Trading Company s earnings and cash flow. The Partnership s/Trading Company s risk exposure in the market sectors traded by the Trading Advisors is estimated below in terms of Value at Risk. Please note that the Value at Risk model is used to numerically quantify market risk for historic reporting purposes only and is not utilized by either Ceres or the Trading Advisors in their daily risk management activities. Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Trading Company could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Trading Company s speculative trading and the recurrence of market movements far exceeding expectations in the markets traded by the Partnership/Trading Company could result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Trading Company s experience to date i.e ., risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Trading Company s losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Partnership s/Trading Company s attempts to manage its market risk. Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Partnership/Trading Company as the measure of its Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95 - 99 of any one-day interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation. The Partnership s and the Trading Company s Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors Value at Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market sensitive instruments. The first trading Value at Risk table reflects the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly and through its investments in the Trading Company. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly (i.e. in the managed accounts in the Partnership s name traded by certain Trading Advisors) and indirectly by the Trading Company separately. There have been no material changes in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 32 

The following table indicates the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s total capitalization was 157,641,048. 

December 31, 2022 

Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

Currencies 

7,903,175 

5.01 

Energy 

1,421,469 

0.90 

Grains 

1,283,398 

0.81 

Indices 

6,000,297 

3.81 

Interest Rates U.S. 

1,568,852 

1.00 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

3,204,334 

2.03 

Livestock 

175,421 

0.11 

Metals 

1,308,078 

0.83 

Softs 

1,506,361 

0.96 

Total 

24,371,385 

15.46 

The following table indicates the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Partnership s total capitalization was 136,910,662. 

December 31, 2021 

Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

Currencies 

9,938,577 

7.26 

Energy 

1,962,300 

1.43 

Grains 

895,075 

0.65 

Indices 

5,607,494 

4.10 

Interest Rates U.S. 

880,975 

0.64 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,964,317 

1.43 

Livestock 

107,098 

0.08 

Metals 

1,612,016 

1.18 

Softs 

1,148,256 

0.84 

Total 

24,116,108 

17.61 

33 

The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s/Trading Company s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the highest, lowest and average values during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as applicable. All open position trading risk exposures of the Partnership have been included in calculating the figures set forth below. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s total capitalization was 157,641,048. 

December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 

Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 

Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

7,254,981 

4.60 

9,072,484 

482,032 

5,926,990 

Energy 

1,154,988 

0.73 

2,495,372 

713,894 

1,561,544 

Grains 

913,813 

0.58 

1,286,439 

433,472 

855,219 

Indices 

5,195,015 

3.29 

7,264,482 

1,418,059 

3,424,394 

Interest Rates U.S. 

1,080,204 

0.69 

1,242,478 

412,516 

806,983 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

2,331,119 

1.48 

2,734,726 

677,182 

1,541,348 

Livestock 

85,991 

0.05 

144,815 

17,243 

60,328 

Metals 

911,945 

0.58 

1,763,746 

282,198 

1,058,390 

Softs 

768,676 

0.49 

961,359 

384,147 

648,677 

Total 

19,696,732 

12.49 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. As of December 31, 2021, the Partnership s total capitalization was 136,910,662. 

December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

8,317,348 

6.08 

13,635,401 

4,566,053 

8,999,297 

Energy 

1,593,108 

1.16 

2,835,997 

626,844 

1,922,632 

Grains 

665,748 

0.49 

1,484,057 

432,300 

834,033 

Indices 

4,644,663 

3.39 

8,845,039 

3,501,465 

5,836,564 

Interest Rates U.S. 

771,654 

0.56 

2,046,828 

321,052 

933,536 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,713,543 

1.25 

4,518,263 

1,198,940 

2,403,480 

Livestock 

39,970 

0.03 

172,920 

- 

56,817 

Metals 

1,196,578 

0.88 

2,352,311 

750,206 

1,413,570 

Softs 

807,669 

0.59 

1,163,097 

145,390 

675,120 

Total 

19,750,281 

14.43 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. 
 34 

As of December 31, 2022, the Trading Company s total capitalization was 49,402,783 and the Partnership owned 100 of the Trading Company. The Partnership invests a portion of its assets in the Trading Company. The Trading Company s Value at Risk as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

648,194 

1.31 

2,446,867 

631,176 

1,655,803 

Energy 

266,481 

0.54 

871,851 

105,629 

471,630 

Grains 

369,585 

0.75 

499,620 

90,640 

252,207 

Indices 

805,282 

1.63 

1,156,070 

237,224 

783,593 

Interest Rates U.S. 

488,648 

0.99 

501,160 

118,450 

315,235 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

873,215 

1.77 

873,215 

242,793 

522,139 

Livestock 

89,430 

0.18 

124,795 

23,320 

69,858 

Metals 

396,133 

0.80 

882,549 

315,801 

559,015 

Softs 

737,685 

1.49 

744,499 

179,313 

367,055 

Total 

4,674,653 

9.46 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. As of December 31, 2021, the Trading Company s total capitalization was 41,317,749 and the Partnership owned 100 of the Trading Company. The Partnership invests a portion of its assets in the Trading Company. The Trading Company s Value at Risk as of December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

1,621,229 

3.92 

3,262,014 

1,100,239 

1,624,292 

Energy 

369,192 

0.89 

887,874 

206,987 

605,441 

Grains 

229,327 

0.56 

559,815 

74,101 

239,339 

Indices 

962,831 

2.33 

1,386,812 

657,048 

921,128 

Interest Rates U.S. 

109,321 

0.27 

323,621 

18,802 

152,556 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

250,774 

0.61 

887,489 

172,632 

402,042 

Livestock 

67,128 

0.16 

189,970 

38,473 

123,981 

Metals 

415,438 

1.01 

735,993 

297,131 

441,668 

Softs 

340,587 

0.82 

517,670 

182,078 

308,123 

Total 

4,365,827 

10.57 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. Limitations on Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk Value at Risk models permit estimation of a portfolio s aggregate market risk exposure, incorporating a range of varied market risks, reflect risk reduction due to portfolio diversification or hedging activities, and can cover a wide range of portfolio assets. However, Value at Risk measures should be viewed in light of the methodology s limitations, which include, but may not be limited to, the following: 

past changes in market risk factors will not always result in accurate predictions of the distributions and correlations of future market movements; 

changes in portfolio value caused by market movements may differ from those of the Value at Risk model; 

Value at Risk results reflect past market fluctuations applied to current trading positions while future risk depends on future positions; 

Value at Risk using a one-day time horizon does not fully capture the market risk of positions that cannot be liquidated or hedged within one day; and 

the historical market risk factor data used for Value at Risk estimation may provide only limited insight into losses that could be incurred under certain unusual market movements. 
 35 

Non-Trading Risk The Partnership has non-trading market risk on its foreign cash balances not needed for margin. These balances and any market risk they may represent are immaterial. A decline in short-term interest rates would result in a decline in the Partnership s cash management income. This cash flow risk is not considered to be material. Materiality, as used throughout this section, is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and any associated potential losses, taking into account the leverage, optionality and multiplier features of the Partnership s market-sensitive instruments, in relation to the Partnership s net assets. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s market risk exposures except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and (ii) the descriptions of how the Partnership manages its primary market risk exposures constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Partnership s primary market risk exposures, as well as the strategies used and to be used by Ceres and the Trading Advisors for managing such exposures, are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Partnership s risk controls to differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses, as well as in material changes to the risk exposures and the risk management strategies of the Partnership. Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Partnership. The Trading Advisors, in general, tend to utilize trading system(s) to take positions when market opportunities develop, and Ceres anticipates that the Trading Advisors will continue to do so. The following were the primary trading risk exposures of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022, by market sector. It may be anticipated, however, that these market exposures will vary materially over time. Stock Indices . The Partnership s primary equity exposure is to equity price risk in the G20 countries. The stock index futures traded by the Partnership are limited to futures on broadly based indices. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s primary exposures were in the DAX (Germany), FTSE 100 (United Kingdom), Hang Seng (Hong Kong), CAC 40 (France), NASDAQ 100 (U.S.), Nikkei 225 (Japan), TOPIX (Japan), SPI 200 (Australia), AEX (European Union), S P CNX NIFTY 50 (India), and S P 500 (U.S.) stock indices. Overall, the Partnership is primarily exposed to the risk of adverse price trends or static markets in the major U.S., European, and Pacific Rim indices. (Static markets would not cause major market changes but would make it difficult for the Partnership to avoid being whipsawed into numerous small losses.) Interest Rates . Interest rate movements directly affect the price of the futures positions held by the Partnership and indirectly the value of its stock index and currency positions. Interest rate movements in one country as well as relative interest rate movements between countries can materially affect the Partnership s profitability. The Partnership s primary interest rate exposure is to interest rate fluctuations in the United States and other G7 countries. However, the Partnership may also take futures positions on the government debt of smaller economies e.g., Australia and New Zealand. Currencies . The Partnership s currency exposure is to exchange rate fluctuations, primarily fluctuations that disrupt the historical pricing relationships between different currencies and currency pairs. These fluctuations are influenced by interest rate changes, as well as political and general economic conditions. The General Partner does not anticipate that the risk profile of the Partnership s currency sector will change significantly in the future. Commodities : Energy . The Partnership s primary energy market exposure is to oil and natural gas price movements, often resulting from political developments in the Middle East, weather conditions, and other factors contributing to supply and demand. Further energy market exposure is to carbon emission allowances markets which are subject to price movements driven by geopolitical events, climate related regulation, and supply and demand related factors. Energy prices can be volatile and substantial profits and losses have been experienced and are expected to continue in this market. 
 36 

Metals . The Partnership s primary metals exposure as of December 31, 2022 was to fluctuations in the price of copper, silver, aluminum, zinc, lead, platinum, palladium, nickel and gold. Softs . The Partnership s trading risk exposure in soft commodities is primarily to agricultural-related price movements, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions, as well as geopolitical events and supply/demand factors. Sugar, cocoa, coffee, and cotton accounted for the majority of the Partnership s soft commodity exposure as of December 31, 2022. Grains . The Partnership s trading risk exposure in grains is primarily to agricultural-related price movements, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. The soybean complex, corn and wheat accounted for the Partnership s primary grain exposure as of December 31, 2022. Livestock . The Partnership s primary risk exposure in livestock is to fluctuations in cattle and hog prices. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Non-Trading Risk Exposure The following was the only non-trading risk exposure of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022. Foreign Currency Balances . The Partnership may hold various foreign currency balances. The Trading Advisors regularly convert foreign currency balances to U.S. dollars in an attempt to control the Partnership s non-trading risk. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing Risk Exposure Ceres monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow Ceres to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. Ceres monitors the Partnership s performance and the concentration of open positions, and consults with the Trading Advisors concerning the Partnership s overall risk profile. If Ceres felt it necessary to do so, Ceres could require the Trading Advisors to close out positions as well as enter positions traded on behalf of the Partnership. However, any such intervention would be a highly unusual event. Ceres primarily relies on the Trading Advisors own risk control policies while maintaining a general supervisory overview of the Partnership s market risk exposures. The Trading Advisors apply their own risk management policies to their trading. The Trading Advisors often follow diversification guidelines, margin limits and stop loss points to exit a position. The Trading Advisors research of risk management often suggests ongoing modifications to their trading programs. As part of Ceres s risk management, Ceres periodically meets with the Trading Advisors to discuss their risk management and to look for any material changes to the Trading Advisors portfolio balance and trading techniques. The Trading Advisors are required to notify Ceres of any material changes to their programs. 
 37 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
. 

 CERES CLASSIC L.P. 

 The following financial statements and related items of the Partnership are filed under this Item 8: Oath or Affirmation, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021; Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021; Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and Notes to Financial Statements. Additional financial information has been filed as Exhibits to this Form 10-K.

38 

Table of Contents 
 To the Limited Partners of 

 Ceres Classic L.P. 

 To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC
 General Partner,

Ceres Classic L.P. 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

522 Fifth Avenue 
 
 New York, NY 10036
 (855) 672-4468

39 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over 

Financial Reporting 

 Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres is the general partner of Ceres Classic L.P. (the Partnership and is responsible for the management of the Partnership. 
 Management of the Partnership, Ceres Management ), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and for the assessment of internal control over financial reporting. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

(ii) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and the directors of Ceres; and 

(iii) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, Management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)

issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, Management concluded that the Partnership maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria referred to above. 

Patrick T. Egan 

Brooke Lambert 
 
 President and Director 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 General Partner, 

General Partner, 
 
 Ceres Classic L.P. 

Ceres Classic L.P. . 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Ernst Young LLP

 200 Clarendon Street 
 Boston, MA 02116

Tel: +1 617 266 2000
 Fax: +1 617 266 5843
 www.ey.com
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To the Partners of Ceres Classic L.P., 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of Ceres Classic L.P. (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income and expenses, and changes in partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Partnership since 2017. 
 Boston, MA 
 March 17, 2023 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Statements of Financial Condition 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets:

Investment in the Trading Company (1)
, at fair value (Note 7)

Redemptions receivable from the Trading Company

Equity in trading account:

Unrestricted cash (Note 2f)

Restricted cash (Note 2f)

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

- 

Total equity in trading account

Interest receivable (Note 2i)

Total assets

Liabilities and Partners Capital:

Liabilities:

Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

- 

Accrued expenses:

Administrative and General Partner s fees (Note 2j)

Management fees (Note 3)

Incentive fees (Note 3)

- 

Professional fees

Redemptions payable to General Partner (Notes 2o and 2p)

Redemptions payable to Limited Partners (Notes 2o and 2p)

Total liabilities

Partners Capital:

General Partner, Class Z, and Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Limited Partners, Class A, and Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Limited Partners, Class Z, Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Total partners capital (net asset value)

Total liabilities and partners capital

Net asset value per Unit:

Class A

Class Z

(1) 
Defined in Note 1. 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Condensed Schedule of Investments 

 December 31, 2022 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts

Fair Value 

of Partners Capital

Futures Contracts Purchased

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

Grains

Indices

() 

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

() 

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

() 

) 

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total futures contracts purchased

() 

) 

Futures Contracts Sold

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

Grains

() 

) 

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

() 

) 

Total futures contracts sold

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Currencies

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Currencies

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Investment in the Trading Company

CMF Winton Master L.P.

Due to rounding. 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Condensed Schedule of Investments 

 December 31, 2021 

Notional )/ 

 Number of Contracts

Fair Value 

of Partners Capital

Futures Contracts Purchased

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

Grains

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

() 

) 

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total futures contracts purchased

Futures Contracts Sold

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

() 

) 

Grains

Indices

() 

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

Total futures contracts sold

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Currencies

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Currencies

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

) 

Investment in the Trading Company

CMF Winton Master L.P.

Due to rounding. 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Statements of Income and Expenses 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income:

Interest income (Note 2i)

Interest income allocated from the Trading Company (Note 2i)

Total investment income

Expenses:

Expenses allocated from the Trading Company

- 

Clearing fees

Administrative and General Partner s fees (Note 2j)

Ongoing placement agent fees (Note 2k)

Management fees (Note 3)

Incentive fees (Note 3)

- 

Professional fees

Total expenses

Expenses reimbursed by the General Partner

() 

Net expenses

Net investment loss

() 

() 

() 

Trading Results:

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests:

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts

() 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts allocated from the Trading Company

- 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts

() 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts allocated from the Trading Company

() 

- 

Total trading results

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

Net income (loss) per Unit (Note 8) :

Class A

() 

Class Z

() 

Weighted average Units outstanding:

Class A

Class Z

Represents the change in net asset value per Unit. 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A

Class Z

Total

Amount

Units

Amount

Units

Amount

Units

Partners Capital, December 31, 2019

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

- 

- 

Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2020

Subscriptions - General Partner

- 

- 

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2021

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2022

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

Each of Class A and Z Units of the Partnership have the same investment exposure and rights except for the amount of the ongoing placement agent fee charged to each Class of Units; Class Z Units are not subject to an ongoing placement agent fee. 
 The General Partner may, at its discretion, offer additional Classes of Units as described in the private placement memorandum of the Partnership, as amended from time to time (the Memorandum ). 
 Ceres is required to maintain a minimum interest in the equity of the Partnership and income (losses) are shared by Ceres and the limited partners based on their proportional ownership interest. 
 The Trading Company has entered into a foreign exchange brokerage account agreement and a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. The Partnership has also entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. Pursuant to these agreements, the Partnership, directly or indirectly through its investment in the Trading Company, pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co., if previously paid) its allocable share of all trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions as well as exchange, user, give-up,
 floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees (collectively, the clearing fees ). 
 The Partnership has also entered into a selling agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (as amended, the Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is paid a monthly ongoing selling agent fee at the rates described below. The ongoing selling agent fee received by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is shared with the properly registered/exempted financial advisors of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management who sell Class A Units. 
 The Trading Company entered into certain agreements with JPMorgan in connection with trading in forward foreign currency contracts on behalf of the Trading Company and, indirectly, the Partnership. These agreements include a foreign exchange and bullion authorization agreement FX Agreement ), an International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. master agreement Master Agreement ), a schedule to the Master Agreement, a 2016 credit support annex for variation margin to the schedule and an institutional account agreement. Under the FX Agreement, JPMorgan charges a fee on the aggregate foreign currency transactions entered into on behalf of the Trading Company during a month. 
 The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. 
 
 48

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

and , respectively. Cash that is not classified as restricted cash is therefore classified as unrestricted cash. Restricted and unrestricted cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies of (cost of and (cost of as of Dec ember 
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 
 
 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s account during each month at a rate equal to of the monthly average of the 4-week
 U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. As of January 1, 2021, the Partnership will receive monthly interest on of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s account during each month at a rate equal to of the monthly average of the 4-week
 U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. and Ceres retain any interest earned on such uninvested cash in excess of the interest paid to the Partnership. For purposes of these interest credits, daily funds do not include monies due to the Partnership on or with respect to futures, forward, or option contracts that have not been received. 
 
 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the beginning of each month, as described in the Partnership s Memorandum. From July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid the General Partner a monthly administrative and General Partner s fee equal to 1/12 th 
of 1.75 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the first day of each month. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid the General Partner a monthly administrative and General Partner s fee equal to 1/12 th 
of 2 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the first day of each month. Prior to January 1, 2021, the General Partner then paid or reimbursed the Partnership for all fees and costs charged or incurred by the commodity brokers for trades executed on behalf of the Partnership, and for all ordinary administrative and offering expenses. 

Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership directly pays the brokerage fees and other transaction-related fees and expenses, as incurred and also pays its ongoing administrative, operating, offering and organizational expenses (including, but not limited to, periodic legal, accounting, administrative, filing, reporting and data processing fees) and its pro rata share of such expenses of any trading company to which the Partnership has allocated assets. 

with respect to Class A Units. 

From July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, or any other placement agent or sub-placement
 agent, an annualized rate equal to with respect to Class A Units. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, or any other placement agent or sub-placement
 agent, an annualized rate equal to with respect to Class A Units. The Placement Agent pays a portion of the ongoing placement agent fees it receives from the Partnership to the Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor or Private Wealth Advisor responsible for selling the Units to the relevant limited partners. Certain limited partners (other than ERISA/IRA investors) may be deemed to hold Class Z Units. Class Z Units are not subject to ongoing placement agent fees. 

As of November 1, 2018, the Partnership entered into an alternative investment placement agent agreement (the Harbor Selling Agreement ), by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Distribution Inc. MSDI ), and Harbor Investment Advisory, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company Harbor ), which supersedes and replaces the alternative investment selling agent agreement, dated January 19, 2018, between the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, MSDI and Harbor have been appointed as a non-exclusive
 selling agent and sub-selling
 agent, respectively, of the Partnership for the purpose of finding eligible investors for units of limited partnership interest Unit(s) through offerings that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and for Harbor to serve as an investment advisor to its customers investing in one or more of the partnerships party to the Harbor Selling Agreement; provided, that, included within such appointment, Harbor will provide certain services to certain holders of Units of the Partnership, who had acquired such Units prior to such holders becoming clients of Harbor. The Harbor Selling Agreement continues in effect until September 30, 2023 unless terminated in certain circumstances as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement, including by any party on thirty days prior written notice, after which the General Partner or the Partnership may, in its sole discretion, renew the Harbor Selling Agreement for additional one year periods. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Harbor an ongoing placement agent fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 0.75 (a annual rate) of the net asset value per Unit for certain holders of Class A Units in the Partnership, as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement. From July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Harbor an ongoing placement agent fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 1.00 (a annual rate) of the net asset value per Unit for certain holders of Class A Units in the Partnership, as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Harbor an ongoing placement agent fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 2.00 (a annual rate) of the net asset value per Unit for certain holders for Class A Units in the Partnership, as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement. 
 
 of the net asset value per Unit as of the first day of each month at the final net asset value per Unit as of the last day of the immediately preceding month. The minimum subscription amount in Class A Units in the Partnership is for ERISA/IRA investors), subject to the discretion of Ceres to accept a lower amount. A Limited Partner will initially receive Class A Units in the Partnership, provided, that certain investors (other than ERISA/IRA investors) who subscribe for Units on a consulting basis, the General Partner and certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members) may be designated to hold Class Z Units. Additional subscriptions can be made in a minimum amount of , subject to the discretion of Ceres to accept a lower amount. The request for subscriptions must be delivered to a limited partner s Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Branch Office in time for it to be forwarded to and received by Ceres no later than 3:00 P.M., New York City time, on the third business day before the end of the month. 

No selling commissions or charges related to the initial offering of Units are paid by the limited partners or the Partnership. MS Co. pays all such costs.

52

Table of Contents 

Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets as of the first day of each month. From February 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Graham a flat-rate monthly fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 1.35 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets as of the first day of each month. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays WCM a flat-rate monthly fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 1.5 (a annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets allocated to WCM as at the beginning of the relevant month, which will be equal to the prior month end net assets, net of all fees and expenses for the previous month, and decreased by any redemptions for such prior month end and increased by any subscriptions for the current month. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Campbell a flat rate monthly fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 1.25 (a annual rate) of the beginning of the month net asset value allocated to Campbell. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays EMC a flat rate monthly fee equal to 1/12 th
 of 0.875 (a annual rate) of the beginning of the month net asset value allocated to EMC. 
 Incentive Fee

Effective February 1, 2019, the Partnership pays Graham an annual incentive fee equal to of trading profits experienced by the Partnership as of the end of such period. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays WCM a quarterly incentive fee equal to of new trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) earned by WCM in each quarterly period. Pursuant to the management agreement with WCM, no incentive fee will be paid to WCM with respect to the Partnership until it has (i) recouped a certain loss carryforward and (ii) earned new trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) from and after January 1, 2021. The loss carryforward applied to the Partnership will be adjusted according to the Partnership s assets allocated to WCM as of January 1, 2021. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays Campbell a quarterly incentive fee equal to of trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) earned by Campbell in each quarterly period. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays EMC a quarterly incentive fee equal to of trading profits (as defined in the applicable management agreement) earned by EMC in each quarterly period. 

Trading profits represent the amount by which profits from trading in Futures Interests exceed losses after ongoing placement agent, management and administrative and General Partner s fees are deducted. When the Trading Advisor experiences losses with respect to net assets as of the end of such period, the Trading Advisor must recover such losses before the Trading Advisor is eligible for an incentive fee in the future. Cumulative trading losses are adjusted on a pro-rated basis for the amount of each month s net redemptions. 
 
 to of the Partnership s contracts are traded over-the-counter.

In general, the risks associated with non-exchange-traded
 contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded contracts because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to a non-exchange-traded
 contract. The Partnership has credit risk associated with counterparty nonperformance. As of the date of the financial statements, the credit risk associated with the instruments in which the Partnership trades is limited to the unrealized gain amounts reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Partnership also has credit risk because MS Co. acts as the commodity futures broker, or the counterparty, with respect to most of the Partnership s assets. Exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded forward contracts are fair valued on a daily basis, with variations in value settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Partnership s non-exchange-traded
 forward currency contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value, nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Partnership is required to meet margin requirements with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co., for the benefit of MS Co. With respect to those non-exchange-traded
 forward currency contracts, the Partnership is dependent upon the ability of MS Co., the sole counterparty on all such contracts, to perform. The Partnership has a netting agreement with MS Co. The primary terms are based on industry standard master netting agreements. This agreement, which seeks to reduce both the Partnership s and MS Co. s exposure on non-exchange-traded
 forward currency contracts, should materially decrease the Partnership s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of U.S. Treasury bills, futures, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. 

The Futures Interests traded, and the U.S. Treasury bills held, by the Partnership involve varying degrees of related market risk. Market risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, and prices of financial instruments and commodities, factors that result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s open positions, and consequently, in its earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash flow. Gains and losses on open positions of exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded forward contracts are settled daily through variation margin. Gains and losses on non-exchange-traded
 forward currency contracts are settled upon termination of the contract. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Partnership enters into contracts and agreements that contain various representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Partnership s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Partnership. The General Partner considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19,
 has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 
 The COVID-19
 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place

 directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. 
 Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19
 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the Partnership s/Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership s/Trading Company s investments and operations. 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned
 forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership s/Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership/Trading Company and the performance of their investments or operations, and the ability of the Partnership to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

and , respectively. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The monthly average notional values of currency forward contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

() 

Forwards

() 

Total assets

() 

Liabilities

Futures

() 

Forwards

() 

Total liabilities

() 

Net fair value

Gross Amounts Offset in the

 Statements of Financial Condition

Amounts Presented in the 

 Statements of Financial Condition

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, 2021

Gross

 Amounts Recognized 

Financial Instruments 

Cash Collateral Received/ Pledged 

Net Amount 

Assets

Futures

() 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

- 

Total assets

() 

- 

- 

Liabilities

Futures

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

() 

- 

- 

Total liabilities

() 

() 

- 

- 

Net fair value

In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and the sole counterparty to the Partnership s non-exchange-traded
 contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, MS Co. may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization. 

Energy

Grains

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Liabilities

Futures Contracts

Currencies

) 

Energy

) 

Grains

) 

Indices

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

) 

Livestock

) 

Metals

) 

Softs

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Assets

Forward Contracts

Currencies

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Liabilities

Forward Contracts

Currencies

) 

Metals

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

December 31, 2021

Assets

Futures Contracts

Currencies

Energy

Grains

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Liabilities

Futures Contracts

Currencies

) 

Energy

) 

Grains

) 

Indices

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

) 

Livestock

) 

Metals

) 

Softs

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Assets

Forward Contracts

Currencies

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Liabilities

Forward Contracts

Currencies

) 

Metals

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

) 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

) 

Energy

) 

Grains

Indices

) 

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

) 

Livestock

) 

) 

- 

Metals

Softs

) 

) 

Total

) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses.

Forwards

Total assets

Liabilities

Futures

Forwards

Total liabilities

December 31, 2021

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets

Futures

Forwards

Total assets

Liabilities

Futures

Forwards

Total liabilities

The Investment in the Trading Company measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. Please refer to the Condensed Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 times the amount of assets allocated, provided that the General Partner may instruct WCM to change such level in accordance with the investment management agreement from time to time. 
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to the trading program discussed above during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Partnership s/Trading Company s trading of futures, forward, swap, and option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Partnership/Trading Company engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co. 
 Generally, a limited partner in the Trading Company may withdraw all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request has been made to the Trading Manager at least in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited partner elects to redeem and informs the Trading Company. However, a limited partner may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal date. 
 Management fees, General Partner fees, ongoing selling fees and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level. All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne directly by the Partnership for its direct trading. In addition, clearing fees are borne by the Trading Company and allocated to the Trading Company s limited partners, including the Partnership. Professional fees are borne by the Trading Company and allocated to the Partnership, and also charged directly at the Partnership level. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership owned of CMF Winton. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to invest in the Trading Company. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Trading Company. Expenses to investors as a result of investment in the Trading Company are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and redemption rights are not affected. 

December 31, 2021

Total Assets 

Toal Liabilities 

Total Capital 

CMF Winton

For the year ended December 31, 2021

Net Investment Income (Loss)

Total Trading Results

Net Income (Loss) 

CMF Winton

) 

Commodity Portfolio 
 
 Monthly 

December 31, 2021

For the year ended December 31, 2021

of

Expenses

Net

Partners 

Fair

Income

Clearing

Professional

Income

Investment

Redemptions

Funds

Capital

Value

(Loss)

Fees

Fees

(Loss)

Objective

Permitted

CMF Winton (a) 

Commodity Portfolio 
 
 Monthly (a)
 On January 1, 2021, the Partnership invested into CMF Winton. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Ceres Classic L.P. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

) 

Net investment loss

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Increase (decrease) for the year

) 

Net asset value per Unit, beginning of year

Net asset value per Unit, end of year

2022

2021

2020

Class A 

Class Z 

Class A 

Class Z 

Class A 

Ratios to Average Limited Partners Capital:

Net investment loss 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Operating expenses

Expenses reimbursed by the General Partner

) 

Incentive fees

Total expenses

Total return:

Total return before incentive fees

) 

Incentive fees

) 

) 

) 

) 

Total return after incentive fees

) 

Net investment loss per Unit is calculated by dividing the interest income less total expenses by the average number of Units outstanding during the year. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Unit with the other per unit information. 

Interest income less total expenses.
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners share of income, expenses and average partners capital of the Partnership and include the income and expenses allocated from the Trading Company.

Total expenses

Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per Unit:

Class A

Class Z

For the period from October 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021

For the period from 

July 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021

For the period from April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021

For the period from January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021

Total investment income

Total expenses

Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per Unit:

Class A

Class Z

63 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President (the General Partner s principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer CFO (the General Partner s principal financial officer) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings. The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures. The General Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022 and, based on that evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process under the supervision of the General Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . , includes the General Partner s report on internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information . Certain impacts to public health conditions particular to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak that occurred after December 31, 2021 could impact the operations and financial performance of the Partnership investments subsequent to December 31, 2022. The extent of the impact to the financial performance of the Partnership investments will depend on future developments, including (i) the duration and spread of the outbreak, (ii) the restrictions and advisories, (iii) the effects on the financial markets, and (iv) the effects on the economy overall, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial performance of the Partnership investments is impacted because of these factors for an extended period, the Partnership performance may be adversely affected. 
 64 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . The Partnership has no directors or executive officers and its affairs are managed by its General Partner. Investment decisions are made by the Trading Advisors. The directors and executive officers of the General Partner are Patrick T. Egan (President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner), Brooke Lambert (Chief Financial Officer), Steven Ross (Director), Victoria Eckstein (Director) and Tatiana Segal (Director). Each director holds office until the earlier of his or her death, resignation or removal. Vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by either (i) the majority vote of the remaining directors or (ii) MSD Holdings, as the sole member of the General Partner. The officers of the General Partner are designated by the General Partner s board of directors. Each officer will hold office until his or her successor is designated and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Directors of the General Partner are responsible for overall corporate governance of the General Partner and meet periodically to consider strategic decisions regarding the General Partner s activities. Under CFTC rules, each Director of the General Partner is deemed to be a principal of the General Partner and, as a result, is listed as such with the NFA. Patrick T. Egan and Steven Ross serve on the General Partner s Investment Committee and are the trading principals responsible for allocation decisions (or responsible for supervising those who are). Patrick T. Egan , age 54, has been a Director of the General Partner since December 2010. Since December 2010, Mr. Egan has been a principal and registered as an associated person of the General Partner, and is an associate member of NFA. Since October 2014, Mr. Egan has served as President of the General Partner and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Since August 2013, Mr. Egan has been registered as a swap associated person of the General Partner. From September 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Egan served as a Vice President of Morgan Stanley Strategies LLC (formerly, Morgan Stanley GWM Feeder Strategies LLC), which acts as a general partner to multiple alternative investment entities, and Morgan Stanley AI GP LLC (formerly, Morgan Stanley HedgePremier GP LLC), which acts as a general partner and administrative agent to numerous hedge fund feeder funds. From September 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person and listed as a principal of each such entity. Since January 2013, each such entity has been registered as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC. Mr. Egan was responsible for overseeing the implementation of certain CFTC and NFA regulatory requirements applicable to such entities. From June 2009 to December 2014, Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included serving as Executive Director and as Co-Chief Investment Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2009 through June 2011 and as Chief Risk Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2011 through October 2014. Since October 2014, Mr. Egan has been responsible for management of the day-to-day operations of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures. Since January 2015, Mr. Egan has been employed by the General Partner. From November 2010 to October 2014, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. From April 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Egan was employed by MS Co., a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department. From April 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of MS Co. From March 1993 through April 2007, Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley DW Inc., a financial services firm, where his initial responsibilities included serving as an analyst and manager within the Managed Futures Department (with primary responsibilities for product development, due diligence, investment analysis and risk management of the firm s commodity pools) and later included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department. From February 1998 through April 2007, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley DW Inc. From August 1991 through March 1993, Mr. Egan was employed by Dean Witter Intercapital, the asset management arm of Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc., where his responsibilities included serving as a mutual fund administration associate. Mr. Egan also served as a Director from November 2004 through October 2006, and from November 2006 through October 2008 of the Managed Funds Association s Board of Directors, a position he was elected to by industry peers for two consecutive two-year terms. Mr. Egan earned his Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a concentration in Finance in May 1991 from the University of Notre Dame. Brooke Lambert, age 39, has been the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and a principal of the General Partner since May 2022. Ms. Lambert has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, a financial services firm, since July 2014, where her responsibilities include serving as a Vice President and managing the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of the commodity pools operated by the General Partner. From July 2009 to July 2014, Ms. Lambert was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, a financial services firm, where her responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of the commodity pools operated by the General Partner. Before joining Morgan Stanley, Ms. Lambert was employed by Citigroup Alternative Investments, a financial services firm, from January 2006 through July 2009, where her responsibilities included serving as an Assistant Vice President responsible for the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of Citigroup Alternative Investments managed futures funds. Ms. Lambert earned her Bachelor of Science in Finance in May 2005 from Towson University. 
 65 

Steven Ross , age 51, has been a principal of the General Partner since July 2014 and a Director of the General Partner since February 2016. Mr. Ross has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, a financial services firm, since September 2005, where his responsibilities include serving as an Assistant Treasurer of Morgan Stanley with respect to certain investment vehicles publicly offered by Morgan Stanley. Mr. Ross is also an Executive Director of the Morgan Stanley Fund Administration Group where he is responsible for finance and accounting matters for certain private funds offered by Morgan Stanley. Before joining Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Mr. Ross was employed by JPMorgan Investor Services Co., a financial services firm, from December 1997 through September 2005, where his responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting of certain funds sponsored by JPMorgan Chase Co. and other large fund families serviced by JPMorgan Investor Services Co. From April 1997 to December 1997, Mr. Ross was employed by Investors Bank Trust, a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included performing mutual fund accounting for financial services firms. Mr. Ross began his career at Putnam Investments LLC, a financial services firm, where he was responsible for providing broker services for certain funds sponsored by Putnam Investments LLC from August 1996 to April 1997. Mr. Ross received a B.S. in Accounting from Rhode Island College in May 1995. Victoria Eckstein, age 41, has been a Director of the General Partner since June 30, 2022, and a principal of the General Partner since July 14, 2022. Since November 2022, Ms. Eckstein has served as Chief Operating Officer of Calvert Research and Management, an investment management company focused on responsible investments. Since December 2020, Ms. Eckstein has served as a Managing Director of Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. MSIM ), and from December 2020 to November 2022 served as Chief Operating Officer of the Solutions Multi-Asset Group at MSIM, a collection of business units offering alpha-centric, multi-asset or multi-manager investment solutions. From December 2016 to December 2020, Ms. Eckstein served as an Executive Director of MSIM and from April 2010 to December 2016, Ms. Eckstein served as a Vice President of MSIM. From April 2010 to December 2020, Ms. Eckstein primarily managed the day-to-day non-investment functions of the Portfolio Solutions Group, a business unit offering multi-asset, multi-manager managed portfolios. From January 2007 to April 2010, Ms. Eckstein was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a financial services firm, where her responsibilities included trade execution, portfolio analysis, external manager selection and research coverage. Ms. Eckstein received her Juris Doctorate from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in 2006 and her Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University in 2003. Tatiana Segal, age 54, has been a Director of the General Partner since June 30, 2022, and a principal of the General Partner since July 1, 2022. She has also been a principal of MSIM since October 31, 2019. Ms. Segal joined MSIM as a Managing Director and Head of Risk Management in August 2019. She is responsible for risk management across MSIM business units and risk categories, including investment, operational, and franchise risk, and is a member of the Investment Management Operating Committee and a chair of the Investment Management Risk Committee. In June 2022, in addition to her original role, Tatiana was appointed as Global Head of Non-Financial Risk for Investment Management to manage existing and emergent non-financial risks across the division. She has since been appointed a member of Morgan Stanley s NFR Steering Committee and Enterprise Controls Committee. From August 2011 to August 2019, Tatiana was a partner and Head of Risk Management at SkyBridge Capital Management, a global alternative investments firm, where she was also a member of the Manager Selection, Portfolio Allocation and Real Estate Investment Committees. Prior to joining SkyBridge in August 2011, she was a Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer at Cerberus Capital Management, LLC from January 2009 through July 2011. Before joining Cerberus, Ms. Segal was Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer for Diamond Lake Investment Group from February 2008 through September 2008. From May 2006 through January 2008, Ms. Segal was a Senior Risk Manager at Citigroup Alternative Investments, where she was responsible for independent risk oversight of a multi-billion hedge fund and fund of funds portfolio. From October 2000 through April 2006, Ms. Segal was a Director of Market Risk at Nomura Securities, Inc. Prior to joining Nomura Securities, she was Risk Manager at BNP Paribas from January 1999 through October 2000 and a Risk Manager at Goldman, Sachs Co., Ltd. from October 1995 through January 1999. Ms. Segal started her career at BlackRock Financial Management, Inc. from January 1993 through September 1995, as a portfolio analyst within BlackRock s Institutional Accounts Division. Ms. Segal graduated from Columbia University in January 1993 with a Bachelor s Degree in Economics. Ms. Segal is a Co-Chair of Risk Peer Advisory Group NY for 100 Women in Finance, as well as a contributing member of the council of The Directors and Chief Risk Officers. She serves as a board member of the Tenement Museum. The Partnership has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to officers because it has no officers. In addition, the Partnership has not adopted any procedures by which investors may recommend nominees to the Partnership s board of directors and has not established an audit committee because it has no board of directors. 
 66 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . The Partnership has no directors and executive officers. As a limited partnership, the business of the Partnership is managed by Ceres, which is responsible for the administration of the business affairs of the Partnership. Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly administrative fee equal to 1/12 of 0.75 (a 0.75 annual rate) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the beginning of each month. From July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Ceres an administrative and General Partner s fee equal to an annual rate of 1.75 (paid monthly) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the first day of each month. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Ceres an administrative and General Partner s fee equal to an annual rate of 2.00 (paid monthly) of the Partnership s net assets (plus notional funds, if any) as of the first day of each month. Prior to January 1, 2021, the General Partner paid or reimbursed the Partnership for all fees and costs charged or incurred by the commodity brokers for trades executed on behalf of the Partnership, and for all ordinary administrative and offering expenses. Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership directly pays the brokerage fees and other transaction-related fees and expenses, as incurred and also pays its ongoing administrative, operating, offering and organizational expenses (including, but not limited to, periodic legal, accounting, administrative, filing, reporting and data processing fees) and its pro rata share of such expenses of any trading company to which the Partnership has allocated assets. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

(a) 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners As of February 28, 2023, the Partnership knows of no person who beneficially owns more than 5 of the Units outstanding. 

(b) 
 Security Ownership of Management Under the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership s affairs are managed by the General Partner. The following table indicates securities owned by management as of December 31, 2022: 

(1) Title of Class 
 
 (2) Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 (3) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 (4) Percent of Class 

Class Z Units 
 
 General Partner 
 
 138,422.641 
 
 92.6 

(c) 
 Changes in Control None. 
 67 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

(a) 
 Transactions with Related Persons. None. 

(b) 
 Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons. Not applicable. 

(c) 
 Promoters and Certain Control Persons. MS Co., Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the General Partner could be considered promoters for purposes of Item 404(c) of Regulation S-K. The nature and the amounts of compensation each promoter received or will receive, if any, from the Partnership are set forth under Item 1. Business . , Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . and Item 11. Executive Compensation . Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership directly pays all of its accounting fees, as incurred, and its pro rata share of such expenses of any trading company to which the Partnership has allocated assets. Prior to January 1, 2021, the General Partner paid or reimbursed the Partnership for all accounting fees. (1) Audit Fees . The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Ernst Young LLP EY for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the audit of the Partnership s annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in the Partnership s Forms 10-Q and 10-K and other services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements were: 

2022 

135,000 

2021 

106,200 
 
 (2) Audit-Related Fees . None. (3) Tax Fees . The Partnership did not pay EY any amounts in 2022 and 2021 for professional services in connection with tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. (4) All Other Fees . None. (5) Not Applicable. (6) Not Applicable. 
 68 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . (a) (1) Financial Statements: Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Condensed Schedule of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Notes to Financial Statements. (2) Exhibits: 

3.01 
 Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2020, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2020. 

3.02 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated July 15, 1998, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.02 of the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-60115) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 1998. 

3.03 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated as of November 1, 2001 (changing its name from Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Charter Graham L.P. to Morgan Stanley Charter Graham L.P.), is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.01 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2001. 

3.04 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated June 1, 2009 (changing the name and mailing address of the general partner of the Partnership), is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.04 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 4, 2009. 

3.05 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated September 29, 2009 (changing its name from Morgan Stanley Charter Graham L.P. to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Graham L.P.), is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.05 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2009. 

3.06 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated August 23, 2010 (changing its name from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Graham L.P. to Managed Futures Charter Graham L.P.), is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2010. 

3.07 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated as of November 20, 2012 and effective November 30, 2012 (changing its name from Managed Futures Charter Graham L.P. to Managed Futures Premier Graham L.P.) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2012. 

3.08 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership, dated October 2, 2020 (changing its name from Managed Futures Premier Graham L.P. to Ceres Classic L.P.), is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2020. 

4.01 
 Description of Securities, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.01 of the Partnership s Form 10-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2021. 

10.01 
 Management Agreement, dated as of November 6, 1998, among the Partnership, the General Partner, and Graham Capital Management, L.P., is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.01 of the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 1999. 

10.01(a) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Management Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2014, among the Partnership, the General Partner and Graham Capital Management, L.P., is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.01 of the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2014. 
 69 

10.01(b) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Management Agreement, dated January 29, 2019 and effective as of February 1, 2019, among the Partnership, the General Partner and Graham Capital Management, L.P., is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2019. 

10.01(c) 
 Amendment No. 3 to Management Agreement, dated December 16, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Graham, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2021. 

10.02 
 Form of Subscription and Exchange Agreement and Power of Attorney to be expected by each purchaser of Units is incorporated by reference from Exhibit B of the Partnership s Prospectus, dated May 1, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on May 6, 2008. 

10.03 
 Escrow Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2007, among The Bank of New York, the General Partner, and Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.04 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007. 

10.04 
 Amended and Restated Customer Agreement between the Partnership and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., dated as of November 13, 2000, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.01 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2001. 

10.04(a) 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Customer Agreement between the Partnership and Morgan Stanley DW Inc., dated as of July 31, 2003 and effective August 1, 2003, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.05(a) of the Partnership s Form 10-Q (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2005. 

10.04(b) 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Customer Agreement between the Partnership and Morgan Stanley DW Inc., dated as of July 1, 2005, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.05(b) of the Partnership s Form 10-Q (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2005. 

10.05 
 Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement, between MS Co. and the Funds listed on Appendix A thereto, dated as of November 12, 2013, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.01 of the Partnership s Form 10-Q (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2013. 

10.05(a) 
 Supplement, dated as of July 25, 2017, to the Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement, between MS Co. and the Funds listed on Appendix A thereto, dated as of November 12, 2013, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2017. 

10.06 
 Customer Agreement, by and among the Partnership and Morgan Stanley Co. International Limited, dated as of November 6, 2000, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.04 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2001. 

10.07 
 Foreign Exchange and Options Master Agreement between MS Co. and the Partnership, dated as of August 30, 1999, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.05 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2001. 

10.08 
 Securities Account Control Agreement, among the Partnership, MS Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., dated as of May 1, 2000, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.03 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 0-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2001. 

10.09 
 Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2016, by and among the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the partnerships listed on Schedule 1 thereto, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2016. 

10.09(a) 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the other partnerships listed on Schedule 1 thereto, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2020. 
 70 

10.09(b) 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the other partnerships listed on Schedule 1 thereto, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2021. 

10.10 
 U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement, effective as of June 1, 2015, by and among MS Co. and the Partnership, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2015. 

10.11 
 Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, effective as of March 31, 2015, by and among SS C Technologies, Inc., the General Partner and each of the collective investment vehicles listed in Schedule C thereto, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2015. 

10.12 
 Escrow Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, by and among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the funds listed on Schedule A thereto, UMB Fund Services, Inc., and UMB Bank, N.A., as amended, dated September 5, 2017, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2017. 

10.13 
 Transfer Agency Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2017, by and between Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the funds listed on Schedule A thereto, and UMB Fund Services, Inc., as amended, dated September 5, 2017, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2017. 

10.14 
 Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, by and among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Harbor Investment Advisory, LLC, Morgan Stanley Distribution Inc., and the limited partnerships listed on Schedule 1 thereto, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 10-Q (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2018. 

10.14(a) 
 Amendment to the Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, MSDI and Harbor, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2020. 

10.14(b) 
 Amendment to the Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, MSDI and Harbor, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2021. 

10.15 
 Management Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Campbell, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2021. 

10.16 
 Management Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and EMC, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2021. 

10.17 
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2014, among the Partnership, the General Partner, Winton Capital Management Limited and CMF Winton Master L.P., is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 of the Partnership s Form 10-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2021. 

10.17(a) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Management Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Winton Capital Management Limited and CMF Winton Master L.P., is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2021. 

10.17(b) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Management Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020 and effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Winton Capital Management Limited and CMF Winton Master L.P., is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Form 8-K (File No. 000-25603) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 8, 2021. 
 71 

The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulations S-K are incorporated herein by reference. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of President and Director). 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer). 32.1 Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director). 32.2 Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer). 99.1 Financial Statements of CMF Winton Master L.P. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 104. Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 72 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CERES CLASSIC L.P. 

By: 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

(General Partner) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick T. Egan 

Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 
 
 /s/ Steven Ross 
 
 /s/ Tatiana Segal 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Steven Ross 
 
 Tatiana Segal 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 
 
 /s/ Victoria Eckstein 

Brooke Lambert 
 
 Victoria Eckstein 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Director 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

Date: March 24, 2023 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act. Annual Report to limited partners. No proxy material has been sent to limited partners. 
 73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d460593dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION I, Patrick T. Egan,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ceres Classic L.P.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 

Patrick T. Egan 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

President and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d460593dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION I, Brooke Lambert, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ceres Classic L.P.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 

Brooke Lambert 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d460593dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceres Classic L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 President and Director 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d460593dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceres Classic L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brooke Lambert, Chief Financial Officer of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 
 
 Brooke Lambert 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 d460593dex991.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

Exhibit 99.1 
 To the Limited Partners of 
 CMF Winton Master L.P. To
the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: Patrick T.
Egan 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 General Partner, 
 
 CMF Winton Master L.P. 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 522 Fifth Avenue 
 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 855-672-4468 

Ernst Young LLP 
 200 Clarendon Street Boston, MA 02116 
 
 Tel: +1 617 266 2000 Fax: +1
617 266 5843 www.ey.com 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the General Partner of CMF Winton Master L.P., 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of CMF Winton Master L.P. (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income and
expenses, and changes in partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its partners capital for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Partnership since 2017. 
 Boston, MA March 17, 2023 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Equity in trading accounts: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 3c) 

42,921,362 

36,553,535 

Restricted cash (Note 3c) 

4,719,971 

4,468,419 

Foreign cash (cost 731,744 and 395,054 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

760,466 

385,925 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,038,218 

104,749 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

118,450 

- 

Total equity in trading accounts 

49,558,467 

41,512,628 

Total assets 

49,558,467 

41,512,628 

Liabilities and Partners Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

- 

60,133 

Accrued expenses: 

Professional fees 

20,433 

20,240 

Redemptions payable (Note 6) 

135,251 

114,506 

Total liabilities 

155,684 

194,879 

Partners Capital: 

General Partner, 0.0000 Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Limited Partners, 10,552.3473 and 11,339.1555 Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively 

49,402,783 

41,317,749 

Total partners capital (net asset value) 

49,402,783 

41,317,749 

Total liabilities and partners capital 

49,558,467 

41,512,628 

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit 

4,681.69 

3,643.81 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 

of Partners Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Currencies 

63 

(20,968) 

(0.05) 

Energy 

18 

(13,054) 

(0.03) 

Grains 

115 

230,309 

0.46 

Indices 

124 

(184,896) 

(0.37) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

23 

(4,259) 

(0.01) 

Livestock 

38 

37,593 

0.08 

Metals 

46 

121,652 

0.25 

Softs 

393 

386,223 

0.78 

Total futures contracts purchased 

552,600 

1.11 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Currencies 

142 

(308,146) 

(0.63) 

Energy 

34 

61,832 

0.13 

Grains 

61 

(8,125) 

(0.02) 

Indices 

109 

84,014 

0.17 

Interest Rates U.S. 

114 

40,617 

0.08 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

680 

674,900 

1.37 

Livestock 

11 

(9,790) 

(0.02) 

Metals 

8 

(18,970) 

(0.04) 

Softs 

18 

(30,714) 

(0.06) 

Total futures contracts sold 

485,618 

0.98 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,038,218 

2.09 

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

6,829,465 

102,326 

0.21 

Metals 

49 

169,727 

0.34 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

272,053 

0.55 

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

4,590,512 

(29,735) 

(0.06) 

Metals 

31 

(123,868) 

(0.25) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(153,603) 

(0.31) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

118,450 

0.24 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 

of Partners Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Currencies 

131 

63,038 

0.15 

Energy 

45 

10,795 

0.03 

Grains 

119 

3,492 

0.01 

Indices 

110 

212,619 

0.51 

Interest Rates U.S. 

15 

1,016 

0.00 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

92 

(59,545) 

(0.14) 

Livestock 

37 

4,828 

0.01 

Metals 

6 

1,615 

0.00 

Softs 

98 

(34,283) 

(0.08) 

Total futures contracts purchased 

203,575 

0.49 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Currencies 

366 

(86,665) 

(0.21) 

Energy 

13 

3,470 

0.01 

Grains 

3 

(495) 

(0.00) 

Indices 

93 

(55,323) 

(0.13) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

30 

789 

0.00 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

435 

68,895 

0.17 

Metals 

11 

(23,937) 

(0.06) 

Softs 

16 

(5,560) 

(0.02) 

Total futures contracts sold 

(98,826) 

(0.24) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

104,749 

0.25 

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

13,343,310 

139,564 

0.34 

Metals 

47 

134,540 

0.32 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

274,104 

0.66 

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

11,458,148 

(97,099) 

(0.24) 

Metals 

86 

(237,138) 

(0.57) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(334,237) 

(0.81) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(60,133) 

(0.15) 

Due to rounding. 
 See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

620,422 

12,609 

580,699 

Expenses: 

Clearing fees (Note 3c) 

150,054 

145,256 

270,171 

Professional fees 

68,085 

36,700 

57,841 

Total expenses 

218,139 

181,956 

328,012 

Net investment income (loss) 

402,283 

(169,347) 

252,687 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

11,294,485 

7,151,945 

(45,510,715) 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

1,149,903 

(2,193,863) 

5,046,792 

Total trading results 

12,444,388 

4,958,082 

(40,463,923) 

Net income (loss) 

12,846,671 

4,788,735 

(40,211,236) 

Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit (Note 7) 

1,091.49 

395.37 

(938.29) 

Weighted average Redeemable Units outstanding 

11,273.5605 

11,945.3243 

30,862.3110 

Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the year before distribution of interest
income to feeder funds (2020: pre-redemption). 
 See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Partners Capital 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2019 

205,402,609 

Subscriptions of 313.8102 Redeemable Units 

1,046,536 

Redemptions of 49,161.1462 Redeemable Units 

(165,701,171) 

Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

(536,738) 

Net income (loss) 

(40,211,236) 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2020 

- 

Subscriptions of 13,262.8485 Redeemable Units 

43,250,000 

Redemptions of 1,923.6930 Redeemable Units 

(6,710,639) 

Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

(10,347) 

Net income (loss) 

4,788,735 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2021 

41,317,749 

Subscriptions of 1,431.6159 Redeemable Units 

6,000,000 

Redemptions of 2,218.4241 Redeemable Units 

(10,157,264) 

Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

(604,373) 

Net income (loss) 

12,846,671 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2022 

49,402,783 

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit: 

2020: 

3,249.31 

2021: 

3,643.81 

2022: 

4,681.69 

Pre-redemption net asset value per Redeemable Unit.
 
 See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF Winton Master L.P. (the Master is a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of
New York to engage in the speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests including futures, option, swap and forward contracts. The sectors traded include currencies, energy, grains, indices, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, livestock, metals and softs. The commodity interests that are traded by the Master are volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The General Partner (defined below) may also
determine to invest up to all of the Master s assets in United States U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Master may sell an
unlimited number of redeemable units of limited partnership interest Redeemable Units ). The Redeemable Units of the Master are used solely for accounting purposes and do not represent units issued legally. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Master. The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held
company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. All trading decisions for the Master are made by the Advisor (defined below). 
 On November 1, 2004 (commencement of trading operations), Ceres Orion L.P. (formerly, Orion Futures Fund L.P.) Orion allocated a portion of its capital to the Master. On February 1, 2007, Ceres Abingdon L.P. (formerly, Managed Futures Premier Abingdon L.P.) Abingdon allocated a portion of its capital to the Master. On
March 1, 2007, Global Futures Fund Ltd. Global Futures allocated a portion of its capital to the Master. On January 1, 2021, Ceres Classic L.P. Classic allocated portion of its capital to the Master. Effective
July 31, 2019, Global Futures terminated operations and redeemed its investment in the Master. Effective September 30, 2020, Orion redeemed its investment in the Master. Effective December 31, 2020, Abingdon terminated operations and
redeemed its investment in the Master. The Master permits commodity pools controlled by the General Partner and managed by Winton Capital Management Limited (the Advisor pursuant to Diversified Macro Strategies (formerly, the Winton
Futures Program), the Advisor s proprietary, systematic trading program, to invest together in one trading vehicle. 
 During the periods covered by this report, the Master s commodity broker was Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan also was a foreign exchange forward contract counterparty for the Master. The Master deposited a portion of its cash in a non-trading bank account at JPMorgan. As of December 31, 2022, the master operated
under a structure where its sole investor consisted of Classic (a Fund ). References herein to a Fund or the Funds may include as relevant, reference to Global Futures, Abingdon and Orion. Prior to the close of
business on December 31, 2020, the Master operated under a structure where its investor(s) consisted of the Fund(s). There were no investors in the Master as of the close of business on December 31, 2020. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The Master will be liquidated upon the first to occur of the following:
December 31, 2024; or under certain other circumstances as set forth in the limited partnership agreement of the Master, as may be amended from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement ). 
 The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Master. 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows. The Master has not provided a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted by
Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows . The Statements of Changes in Partners Capital is included herein, and as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the
Master carried no debt and all of the Master s investments were carried at fair value as classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements. 

c. 
 Master s Investments. All commodity interests held by the Master, including derivative financial
instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 5, Fair Value Measurements at the
measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are
determined using the first-in, first-out method. Net unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading accounts in the
Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are reported in the Statements of Income and Expenses. The Master does not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the
effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 Master s Cash. The Master s restricted and unrestricted cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies
of 760,466 (cost of 731,744) and 385,925 (cost of 395,054) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

d. 
 Income and Expenses Recognition. All of the income and expenses and realized and unrealized gains and
losses on trading of commodity interests are determined on each valuation day and allocated pro-rata among the Funds at the time of such determination. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

e. 
 Income Taxes. Income taxes have not been recorded as each partner is individually liable for the
taxes, if any, on its share of the Master s income and expenses. The Master follows the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes , which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement recognition
and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Master s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being
sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or
liability in the Master s Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid the incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and
interest, if applicable, shall be recognized in the Master s Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the position is claimed or expected to be claimed. The General Partner has concluded that there are no significant uncertain
tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Master files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to
examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

f . 
 Investment Company Status. The Master has been deemed to be an investment company since inception.
Accordingly the Master follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to
the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Master s Statements of Income and Expenses.

g . 
 Net Income (Loss) per Redeemable Unit. Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit is calculated in
accordance with ASC 946, Financial Services Investment Companies. See Note 7, Financial Highlights. 

3. 
 Agreements: 

a. 
 Limited Partnership Agreement: 
 The General Partner administers the business and affairs of the Master, including selecting one or more advisors to make
trading decisions for the Master. 

b. 
 Management Agreement: 
 The General Partner, on behalf of the Master, has entered into a management agreement (the Management Agreement with the Advisor, a registered commodity trading advisor. The Advisor is not affiliated with the General Partner or MS Co. and is not responsible for the organization or operation of the Master. The Management Agreement provides that the Advisor
has sole discretion in determining the investment of the assets of the Master. All management fees in connection with the Management Agreement are borne by the Funds. The Management Agreement may be terminated upon notice by either party. 

c. 
 Customer Agreement: 
 The Master has entered into a customer agreement with MS Co. (the Customer Agreement and a foreign exchange
brokerage account agreement with MS Co. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
Under the Customer Agreement and the foreign exchange brokerage account agreement, the Master pays MS Co. trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the execution of transactions.
Further, all trading, exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees (collectively, the clearing fees are borne by the Master and allocated to the Funds.
All other fees are borne by the Funds. The Master s cash deposited with MS Co. is held in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations. The Master s restricted cash is equal to the
cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty, and required by MS Co. and/or JPMorgan, as applicable. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of restricted and unrestricted
cash held by the Master for margin requirements was 4,719,971 and 4,468,419, respectively. Cash that is not classified as restricted cash is therefore classified as unrestricted cash. The Customer Agreement may generally be terminated upon notice
by either party. 

d. 
 FX Agreement: 
 On July 12, 2017, the Master entered into certain agreements with JPMorgan in connection with trading in forward foreign
currency contracts. These agreements include a foreign exchange and bullion authorization agreement FX Agreement ), an International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. master agreement Master Agreement ), a schedule to the Master
Agreement, a 2016 credit support annex for variation margin to the schedule and an institutional account agreement. Under the FX Agreement, JPMorgan charges a fee on the aggregate foreign currency transactions entered into on behalf of the Master
during a month. 

4. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Master was formed for the purpose of trading contracts in a variety of commodity interests, including derivative financial
instruments and derivative commodity interests. The results of the Master s trading activities are shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 The Customer Agreement and/or foreign exchange brokerage account agreement gives the Master the legal right to net unrealized
gains and losses on open futures and open forward contracts. The Master nets, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and open forward contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition as the criteria under
ASC 210-20, Balance Sheet , have been met. All of the commodity
interests owned by the Master are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1,849 and 2,292, respectively. The monthly average number of metals forward
contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 89 and 134, respectively. The monthly average notional values of currency forward contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 30,492,590 and
 24,713,252, respectively. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating
to assets and liabilities of the Master s derivatives and their offsetting subject to master netting agreements or similar arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gross Amounts 

Amounts 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Offset in the 

Presented in the 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Gross Amounts 

Statements of Financial 

Statements of Financial 

Financial 

Cash Collateral Received/ 

Net 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Recognized 

Condition 

Condition 

Instruments 

Pledged 

Amount 

Assets 

MS Co. 

Futures 

1,904,537 

(866,319) 

1,038,218 

- 

- 

1,038,218 

Forwards 

169,727 

(123,868) 

45,859 

- 

- 

45,859 

2,074,264 

(990,187) 

1,084,077 

- 

- 

1,084,077 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

102,326 

(29,735) 

72,591 

- 

- 

72,591 

Total assets 

2,176,590 

(1,019,922) 

1,156,668 

- 

- 

1,156,668 

Liabilities 

MS Co. 

Futures 

(866,319) 

866,319 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards 

(123,868) 

123,868 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(990,187) 

990,187 

- 

- 

- 

- 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

(29,735) 

29,735 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(1,019,922) 

1,019,922 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value 

1,156,668 

Gross Amounts 

Amounts 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Offset in the 

Presented in the 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Statements of 

Statements of 

Cash Collateral 

Gross Amounts 

Financial 

Financial 

Financial 

Received/ 

Net 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Recognized 

Condition 

Condition 

Instruments 

Pledged 

Amount 

Assets 

MS Co. 

Futures 

686,032 

(581,283) 

104,749 

- 

- 

104,749 

Forwards 

134,540 

(134,540) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

820,572 

(715,823) 

104,749 

- 

- 

104,749 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

139,564 

(97,002) 

42,562 

- 

- 

42,562 

Total assets 

960,136 

(812,825) 

147,311 

- 

- 

147,311 

Liabilities 

MS Co. 

Futures 

(581,283) 

581,283 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards 

(237,235) 

134,540 

(102,695) 

- 

102,695 

- 

(818,518) 

715,823 

(102,695) 

- 

102,695 

- 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

(97,002) 

97,002 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(915,520) 

812,825 

(102,695) 

- 

102,695 

- 

Net fair value 

147,311 

In the event of default by the Master, MS Co., the Master s commodity futures broker and a
counterparty to certain of the Master s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, and JPMorgan, as a counterparty to certain of the Master s non-exchange-traded contracts, has the right to offset
the Master s obligation with the Master s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co. or JPMorgan, as applicable, thereby minimizing MS Co. s and JPMorgan s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not
post collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Master is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the
Master s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some
instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization. 
 The Master has netting agreements with both MS Co. and JPMorgan. The Net unrealized appreciation on open forward
contracts or Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts as presented on the Statements of Financial Condition, as applicable, is the net of the amounts presented in the tables above for MS Co. and JPMorgan. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables indicate the gross fair values of derivative instruments
of futures and forward contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

21,814 

Energy 

152,841 

Grains 

265,923 

Indices 

100,047 

Interest Rates U.S. 

49,055 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

718,158 

Livestock 

40,731 

Metals 

142,492 

Softs 

413,476 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,904,537 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

(350,928) 

Energy 

(104,063) 

Grains 

(43,739) 

Indices 

(200,929) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

(8,438) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

(47,517) 

Livestock 

(12,928) 

Metals 

(39,810) 

Softs 

(57,967) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(866,319) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,038,218 

Assets 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

102,326 

Metals 

169,727 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

272,053 

Liabilities 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

(29,735) 

Metals 

(123,868) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(153,603) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

118,450 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

197,920 

Energy 

54,946 

Grains 

65,549 

Indices 

225,859 

Interest Rates U.S. 

5,782 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

88,380 

Livestock 

11,938 

Metals 

2,915 

Softs 

32,743 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

686,032 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

(221,547) 

Energy 

(40,681) 

Grains 

(62,552) 

Indices 

(68,563) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

(3,977) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

(79,030) 

Livestock 

(7,110) 

Metals 

(25,237) 

Softs 

(72,586) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(581,283) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

104,749 

Assets 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

139,564 

Metals 

134,540 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

274,104 

Liabilities 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

(97,099) 

Metals 

(237,138) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(334,237) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(60,133) 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector,
on derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Sector 

Currencies 

3,601,540 

(232,615) 

(9,323,588) 

Energy 

3,294,441 

3,807,873 

(7,874,068) 

Grains 

837,604 

1,405,900 

2,471,766 

Indices 

(1,847,300) 

1,954,488 

(20,159,641) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

1,271,867 

(558,094) 

4,107,623 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

4,629,305 

(2,208,497) 

188,701 

Livestock 

(400,921) 

32,358 

1,367,399 

Metals 

856,409 

94,295 

(7,154,506) 

Softs 

201,443 

662,374 

(4,087,609) 

Total 

12,444,388 

4,958,082 

(40,463,923) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses.

5. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Master s Fair Value Measurements. Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of
exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign
currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of
 non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices,
interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services
as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. The Master considers prices for commodity futures,
exchange-traded swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded 
forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily available are priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Master did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models
(Level 3). 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

1,904,537 

1,904,537 

- 

- 

Forwards 

272,053 

- 

272,053 

- 

Total assets 

2,176,590 

1,904,537 

272,053 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

866,319 

866,319 

- 

- 

Forwards 

153,603 

- 

153,603 

- 

Total liabilities 

1,019,922 

866,319 

153,603 

- 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

686,032 

686,032 

- 

- 

Forwards 

274,104 

- 

274,104 

- 

Total assets 

960,136 

686,032 

274,104 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

581,283 

581,283 

- 

- 

Forwards 

334,237 

- 

334,237 

- 

Total liabilities 

915,520 

581,283 

334,237 

- 

6. 
 Subscriptions, Distributions and Redemptions: 
 Subscriptions are accepted monthly from investors who become limited partners on the first day of the month after their
subscriptions are processed. Distributions are made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of the General Partner. No distributions have been made to date. The General Partner does not intend to make any
distributions of the Master s profits, except for distribution of interest income to feeder funds, as applicable. A limited partner may withdraw all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any, from the Master as of
the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption has been made to the General Partner at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited partner
elects to redeem and informs the Master. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

7. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the limited partner class as a whole for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were
as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Per Redeemable Unit Performance (for a unit outstanding throughout the year): 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

1,055.81 

409.55 

(946.48) 

Net investment income (loss) 

35.68 

(14.18) 

8.19 

Increase (decrease) for the year 

1,091.49 

395.37 

(938.29) 

Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

(53.61) 

(0.87) 

(17.39) 

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit, beginning of year 

3,643.81 

3,249.31 

4,204.99 

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit, end of year 

4,681.69 

3,643.81 

3,249.31 

Ratios to Average Limited Partners Capital: Net investment income (loss) 

0.8 

(0.4) 

0.2 

Operating expenses 

0.4 

0.4 

0.3 

Total return 

30.0 

12.2 

(22.3) 

Net investment income (loss) per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the interest income less total
expenses by the average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the year. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with
the other per unit information. 

2020: calculated based on pre-redemption net asset value per
Redeemable Unit. 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners share of income, expenses and average partners capital. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

8. 
 Financial Instrument Risks: 
 In the normal course of business, the Master is party to financial instruments with
 off-balance sheet risk, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include forwards, futures, options and swaps, whose values are based
upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, or to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case
of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or over-the-counter OTC ). Exchange-traded instruments include futures and certain standardized forward, option and swap contracts. Certain swap contracts may also be
traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward and option contracts. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those related to the
underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to
an OTC contract. The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 2.8 to 27.9 of the Master s contracts are traded OTC. 
 Futures Contracts. The Master trades futures contracts. A futures contract is a firm commitment to buy or sell a
specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery date or the delivery quantity is something
where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments variation margin may be made or received by the Master each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in
the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Master. When the contract is closed, the Master records a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was
opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker, with the exchange on which
the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 Forward Foreign Currency Contracts. Forward foreign currency contracts are those contracts where the Master agrees to
receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon future date. Forward foreign currency contracts are valued daily, and the Master s net equity therein, representing unrealized gain or loss on
the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at the dates of entry into the contracts and the forward rates at the reporting date, is included in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains
(losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively, and are included in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 London Metal Exchange Forward Contracts. Metal contracts traded on the London Metal Exchange LME represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin, zinc or other metal. LME contracts traded by the Master are cash settled based on prompt dates published by the LME. Variation margin may be made
or received by the Master each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Master. A contract is considered offset when all long positions have
been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Master records a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it
was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the broker, with the LME. Net realized gains
(losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial
instruments traded by the Master due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which
the related underlying assets are traded. The Master is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures and forward contracts held and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. 
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of
a contract. The Master s risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments.
The Master s risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Master to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties
upon the occurrence of certain events. The Master has credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co., MS Co. affiliate and/or JPMorgan are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Master s assets. Credit risk with respect to
exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Master s counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization. 
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to mitigate the Master s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial,
credit and risk management monitoring systems and, accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Master may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the
General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, forward and option contracts by sector,
margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. The majority of these instruments mature within
one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Master s business, these instruments may not be held to maturity. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Master enters into contracts and agreements that contain various representations and
warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Master s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Master. The General Partner
considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. Since its discovery in
December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a
pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business
restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in
global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and
increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on
the global economy will deepen. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately
predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S and other world economies or the value of the Master s investments, or for how long the effects of such events will
continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Master s investments and operations. 

CMF Winton Master L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations
announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its
continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created
volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the
conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and
risk with respect to the Trading Company and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other
third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

9. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
available to be issued. The General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through March 17, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to
or disclosure in the financial statements. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001066656-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001066656-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001066656-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001066656-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

