<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1630627_0000950170-23-006603.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21425162</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>427045</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9358166</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6295898</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2063023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2988521</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006603.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308090906
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006603
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TREACE MEDICAL CONCEPTS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001630627
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				471052611
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40355
		FILM NUMBER:		23714977

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 PALMETTO PARK PLACE
		CITY:			PONTE VEDRA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(904) 373-5940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 PALMETTO PARK PLACE
		CITY:			PONTE VEDRA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32081

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006603.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 tmci-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. N o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, was million. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 57 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 57 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 58 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 69 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 93 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 93 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 94 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 95 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 95 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 95 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 95 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 95 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 98 

i 
 
 SPECIAL NOTES REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), unless expressly indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to Treace Medical Concepts, we, us, our, the Company, and similar references refer to Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as codified in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act concerning our business, operations and financial performance and condition, as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, due, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, potential, positioned, seek, should, target, will, would and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 
 These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the expected use of our products by physicians; 

the expected growth of our business and our organization; 

our expected uses of our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and the sufficiency of such resources to fund our planned operations; 

our expectations regarding government and third-party payor coverage and reimbursement; 

our ability to retain and recruit key personnel, including the continued development of a sales and marketing infrastructure; 

our ability to obtain an adequate supply of materials and components for our products from our third-party suppliers, some of which are single-source suppliers; 

our plans and expected timeline related to our products, or developing new products, to address additional indications or otherwise; 

our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of our products with sufficient quality; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products; 

our ability to identify and develop new and planned products and/or acquire new products; 

our ability to obtain, maintain and expand regulatory clearances for our products and any new products we create; 

our ability to expand our business into new geographic markets; 

our compliance with Nasdaq requirements and government laws, rules and regulations; 

our estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenue, capital requirements and our need for, or ability to obtain, additional financing; 

the impact of inflationary pressures, higher interest rates and general economic conditions on our business; 

developments and projections relating to our competitors or our industry; 

the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business; 

our plans to conduct further clinical studies; and 

our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

1 
 
 We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control and that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and management s beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may turn out to be inaccurate. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Potential investors are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

2 
 
 PART I 
 It em 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a medical technology company with the goal of advancing the standard of care for the surgical management of bunion and related midfoot deformities. We have pioneered our proprietary Lapiplasty 3D Bunion Correction System a combination of instruments, implants and surgical methods designed to surgically correct all three planes of the bunion deformity. Although bunions are deformities typically caused by an unstable joint in the middle of the foot that leads to a three-dimensional 3D misalignment in the foot s anatomical structure, the majority of traditional surgical approaches focus on correcting the deformity from a two-dimensional 2D perspective and therefore fail to address the root cause of the disorder. To effectively restore the normal anatomy of bunion patients and improve clinical outcomes, we believe addressing the root cause of the bunion is critical and have developed the Lapiplasty System to correct the deformity across all three anatomic dimensions. To provide a solution that also addresses midfoot deformities, in 2021, we launched our Adductoplasty System, which brings together our implants and precision instrumentation for the first comprehensive system designed for reproducible realignment, stabilization, and fusion of the midfoot. Our mission is to be the leader in the surgical treatment of bunions by establishing the Lapiplasty System as the standard of care. 
 A bunion is a painful, disfiguring deformity characterized by a deviated position of the great toe, and easily identified visually by the bump at its base. Bunions affect approximately 65 million Americans, and generally increase in prevalence and severity over time. Nearly 25 of adults between the ages of 18 and 65, and over 35 of people over the age of 65, have bunions. Approximately 4.4 million patients in the United States seek medical attention for bunions annually; of these patients, an estimated 1.1 million are deemed surgical candidates, which represents a total annual addressable market opportunity of more than 5 billion. This large patient population often suffers from symptoms that worsen over time, including severe and debilitating pain, emotional burden and limited mobility, and is susceptible to further degeneration and common concomitant pathologies. Despite the significant limitations of traditional surgical treatment approaches, approximately 450,000 surgical bunion procedures are performed in the United States every year. We believe there is a significant opportunity to convert these to our Lapiplasty Procedure, representing a greater than 2.3 billion market opportunity. In addition, through better clinical outcomes and effective patient education, we believe we can increase the number of patients who seek surgical treatment, representing the incremental opportunity of 3 billion. The chart below illustrates our annual addressable U.S. market opportunity: 
 (1) Approximate number of surgical bunion procedures performed in the United States per year according to iData Research, Inc. 2022. 

The goal of bunion surgery is to restore the normal anatomy of patients in order to return natural function and appearance in the foot and relieve pain. A common misconception is that a bunion is simply an overgrowth of bone that can be shaved off. In reality, a bunion is a complex 3D deformity caused by an unstable joint in the middle of the foot (which we may refer to as the root cause which causes the metatarsal bone in the foot to rotate out of alignment in all three anatomic dimensions. A 2015 study indicates that 87 of bunions have a 3D, rotational issue in addition to horizontal and vertical misalignments of the metatarsal bone. Traditional 2D approaches to bunion surgery, used in the majority of bunion surgical procedures, fail to correct this third rotational dimension of the bunion deformity, which has been reported to result in a 10 to 12 times increase in the chance of bunion recurrence as compared to 3D surgeries. 
 Historically, there have been two primary approaches to the surgical treatment of bunions, which inconsistently met patient needs and physician expectations. The first and most common approach is 2D Osteotomy surgery, which merely cuts and shifts the metatarsal bone in two dimensions, addressing the cosmetic bump rather than the root cause, which may result in high variability in 
 3 

potential for bunion recurrence with long-term recurrence rates (up to 78 and low patient satisfaction with the procedure. The second approach, traditionally reserved for the most advanced and severe bunion pathology is Lapidus Fusion surgery, which fuses the unstable joint but requires a technically challenging correction through a freehand technique which often results in inconsistent outcomes and has been reported to involve a protracted period of recovery, including approximately 6 to 8 weeks of non-weight-bearing. The freehand technique is highly dependent on the surgeon s skill and requires the physician to perform complex corrections without the benefits of assistive instrumentation that are standard in many other orthopaedic joint procedures and, consequently, this surgery often results in inconsistent outcomes. 

We believe our proprietary Lapiplasty System, the first of its kind, is the leading system designed to consistently and reliably correct all three dimensions of the bunion deformity, address the root cause of the bunion deformity, and allow return to weight-bearing quickly in a post-operative boot with low risk of recurrence (as described in more detail below in the section entitled Key Clinical Advantages of the Lapiplasty System ). The Lapiplasty System combines our novel surgical approach, the Lapiplasty Procedure, with our procedural instrumentation and single-use implant kits. With help from our procedural instrumentation, the Lapiplasty Procedure is designed to rotate the entire metatarsal bone into normal anatomical position in all three dimensions, eliminating the bump and restoring normal anatomy. The unstable foundation in the foot is then secured with our titanium fixation plates and screws, allowing patients to get back on their feet quickly in a post-operative boot. The Lapiplasty Procedure can be performed in either hospital outpatient or ambulatory surgery center settings, and utilizes existing, well-established reimbursement codes. Since receiving 510(k) clearance for the Lapiplasty System in March 2015, more than 65,000 Lapiplasty Procedures have been performed in the United States. 
 The safety, effectiveness and clinical advantages of the Lapiplasty System have been demonstrated in multiple post-market clinical outcome studies. We believe this portfolio of studies is unique in the bunion correction field where comprehensive outcome studies with respect to marketed bunion correction surgical products are limited. Multiple peer-reviewed publications have demonstrated the ability of the Lapiplasty System to reproducibly correct all three dimensions of the deformity and allow the patient to quickly return to weight-bearing in a post-operative boot while exhibiting a low rate of bunion recurrence (as described in more detail below in the section entitled Key Clinical Advantages of the Lapiplasty System ). We have completed enrollment in our ALIGN3D prospective, multicenter study, which is prospectively evaluating bunion correction status through five years after the Lapiplasty Procedure and includes patient satisfaction scoring, range of motion results and radiographic outcomes. Interim analyses from the ALIGN3D clinical study have been published in the Journal of Foot Ankle Surgery and most recently presented at industry conferences, including at the American Orthopedic Foot and Ankle Society AOFAS Annual Meeting in September 2022, and at the American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons ACFAS Annual Scientific Conference that was held in early February 2023. 
 4 

To broaden our Lapiplasty offerings, we launched the Lapiplasty Mini-Incision System in 2021, which is designed to allow the Lapiplasty Procedure to be performed through a 3.5cm incision as compared to the 6cm to 8cm incision with the standard Lapiplasty Procedure. To address midfoot deformities, which may occur in up to 30 of bunion patients, also in 2021, we launched the Adductoplasty System, which brings together our implants and precision instrumentation for the first comprehensive system designed for reproducible realignment, stabilization, and fusion of the midfoot. Other new product developments in 2022 include the Lapiplasty 3-n-1 Guide, the Lapiplasty S4A Anatomic Plating Kit, and the SpeedRelease and TriTome Release Instruments. In 2022, we previewed our next generation Micro-Lapiplasty Minimally Invasive System, which is designed to allow the deformity correction and joint preparation steps of the Lapiplasty Procedure to be performed through 2cm incisions and the SpeedPlate Rapid Compression Implant System designed for rapid delivery of titanium compression implants through small incisions. Commercial release of the Micro-Lapiplasty instrumentation and SpeedPlate implants is expected in the second half of 2023. We believe these new technologies demonstrate our commitment to rapid innovation with a focus on continually iterating the Lapiplasty System with options for reduced incision size and increased procedural efficiency. 
 We market and sell our products in the United States primarily through a direct employee sales force that is supplemented by independent sales agencies across 193 territories focused on supporting adoption and utilization of the Lapiplasty System among the approximately 7,400 surgical podiatrists and 2,600 orthopaedic surgeons with foot and ankle specializations in the United States. To improve clinical outcomes, we devote significant resources to training and educating physicians on the safe and effective use of the Lapiplasty System. Additionally, we have developed a differentiated direct-to-patient outreach program that educates patients on the benefits of the Lapiplasty System. We also offer a Find a Doctor tool on our website that allows potential patients to search for experienced Lapiplasty surgeons in their local markets. We believe our patient and surgeon education programs and specialized teams supporting surgeons in the field combined with the Lapiplasty System s differentiated clinical outcomes lead to an increase in utilization of the Lapiplasty System per physician over time. 
 Our internal employee engineering personnel and our Surgeon Advisory Board help us to generate ideas and develop product innovations. Our Surgeon Advisory Board is comprised of both podiatrists and orthopaedic foot and ankle surgeons who provide us with holistic insights for developing products that fully meet the needs of each group. Our research and development team is focused on improving clinical outcomes by designing new procedure-specific instruments and products and by developing enhanced surgical techniques. 
 We have experienced considerable growth since receiving 510(k) clearance for the Lapiplasty System in March 2015. The number of Lapiplasty Procedure Kits sold increased from 11,113 in 2020 to 17,490 in 2021 to 24,656 in 2022, representing a compound annual growth rate of 49.0 , despite the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on elective procedures in 2020 and 2021. Correspondingly, our revenue increased from 57.4 million in 2020 to 141.8 million in 2022, representing a compound annual growth rate of 57.2 . 
 
 Overview of Bunions 
 Hallux Valgus (commonly known as bunions is a painful, disfiguring deformity characterized by a deviated position of the great toe. Bunions are easily identified visually by the bump on the joint at the base of the great toe (the metatarsophalangeal MTP joint). While this bump is widely considered to be the source of pain in bunion sufferers, a structural defect causing misalignment in the middle of the foot is the root cause of the deformity. 
 Bunion deformities are most commonly considered to be the consequence of a hereditary predisposition. Prevalence increases with age, and one study found that 70 of bunion sufferers are female, and that the disorder occurs in both feet, or bilaterally, in 56 of bunion sufferers. Bunions are progressive deformities, with symptoms that typically grow in severity over time. For those with predispositions for developing bunions, constrained footwear, weight-bearing activities or occupations that aggravate the condition may accelerate progression of the joint deformity and cause symptoms to appear earlier in life. If left untreated, bunions can often have a significant long-term negative impact on sufferers, including: 
 Severe and debilitating pain in the bunion bump at the base of the great toe that can also develop in the ball of the foot. 

Quality of life deterioration with limited mobility, restrictions on footwear and an inability to participate in physical activities. 

Susceptibility to additional pathologies , such as hammertoes and arthritis of the great toe joint. 

Increased risk of injury as decreased stability leads to greater potential for falls. 

Emotional burden from becoming increasingly self-conscious about the bunions unsightly appearance. 

5 

A common misconception is that a bunion is simply an overgrowth of bone that can be shaved off. Bunions are in reality complex 3D deformities caused by an unstable joint in the middle of the foot (the first tarsometatarsal TMT joint) which allows the metatarsal bone to drift out of alignment in three anatomic dimensions. These three anatomic dimensions and their associated misalignments are summarized below: 
 Dimension 1 Transverse Plane : a horizontal misalignment, in which the metatarsal bone leans sideways causing the bump. 

Dimension 2 Sagittal Plane : a vertical misalignment, in which the metatarsal bone can elevate, transferring excessive pressure to other toes and ball of the foot. 

Dimension 3 Frontal Plane : a rotational misalignment, in which the metatarsal bone rotates causing abnormal wear on the great toe joint. 

The shift in the metatarsal bone causes bone or tissue at the MTP joint to move out of place, resulting in the visual bump associated with bunions. 

Complex 3D Deformity More than a simple bump of bone Unstable joint in midfoot allows metatarsal bone to drift out of alignment in all 3 anatomic dimensions Transverse Plane Metatarsal leans sideways causing the bump. Sagittal plane Metatarsal elevates up, transferring pressure to lesser metatarsals. Frontal Plane Metatarsal rotates causing abnormal wear on MTP great toe joint. 
 Traditional treatment options for bunion patients vary with the type and severity of each bunion. During the early stages of the disorder, pain can be managed but will typically worsen and additional symptoms may develop. The primary goal of most early treatment options is to relieve pressure on the bunion and halt the progression of the deformity. A physician may initially recommend various non-surgical treatments, including toe spacers, pads or splints, inserts or orthotics, medication or physical therapy. These options are prescribed to alleviate symptoms but do not address the root cause of the deformity. When these non-surgical treatments fail, or when the severity of the bunion deformity progresses past the threshold for such options, surgery is often necessary. 
 Limitations of Traditional Surgical Treatment Approaches 
 Historically, there have been two primary surgical approaches to bunion treatment, 2D Osteotomy and Lapidus Fusion. Between the two, approximately 450,000 bunion procedures are performed annually in the United States, of which approximately 75 are 2D Osteotomy procedures and approximately 25 are Lapidus Fusion procedures. 
 6 

These traditional surgical treatment approaches are characterized by a 6 to 35 patient dissatisfaction rate for 2D Osteotomy surgery and a 7 to 13 dissatisfaction rate for Lapidus Fusion following surgery. Clinical literature has identified the primary patient expectations for bunion surgery to be pain relief, shoe fit, mobility and improvement in cosmetic appearance. Certain published long-term clinical studies have demonstrated complication rates as high as 78 following 2D Osteotomy surgery and 38 following Lapidus Fusion surgery, with deformity recurrence being among the most common complications in each. While not all patients with recurrence require a secondary surgical procedure, this high variability for potential recurrence relative to other common surgical procedures is a contributor to patient dissatisfaction. 
 2D Osteotomy 
 In a 2D Osteotomy, the bunion bump is shaved off and the metatarsal bone of the great toe is cut in half and shifted over to reduce the appearance of the bunion. However, by failing to address the root cause of the disorder and not correcting the deformity in all three dimensions, there is an increased likelihood that the metatarsal bone will continue to drift out of position over time and for the bunion to return. Additionally, the recovery time has been reported to include up to 6 weeks of non-weight bearing. 

Shave Bump Unstable Foundation (Root of problem is not corrected) Cut Shift Unstable Foundation (Root of problem is not corrected) 
 Lapidus Fusion 
 In contrast to 2D Osteotomy, the other common traditional surgical procedure, known as Lapidus Fusion, does address the root cause of the bunion and is routinely referenced in medical literature as a surgical option for bunions since the 1930s. However, even a Lapidus Fusion, as it is conventionally described and performed, still does not address the three-dimensional rotational aspect known to contribute to bunion recurrences. 
 A conventional Lapidus Fusion surgery fuses the unstable first TMT joint but requires a technically challenging correction through a freehand technique and has been reported to involve a protracted period of recovery, including approximately 6 to 8 weeks of non-weight-bearing. The freehand technique is highly dependent on the surgeon s skill and requires the physician to perform complex corrections without the benefits of assistive instrumentation that are standard in many other orthopaedic joint procedures, and, consequently, this surgery often results in inconsistent outcomes. Thus, its use has been traditionally reserved for the most advanced and severe bunion pathology. 
 
 7 

The table below provides a summary overview of traditional bunion surgical treatment approaches: 

2D Osteotomy 
 Lapidus Fusion 

of cases 
 Approximately 75 
 Approximately 25 

Procedure overview 
 
 Targets cosmetic bump by cutting and shifting metatarsal bone in two dimensions 
 
 Fusion of the first TMT joint to realign the entire metatarsal and the toe joint and prevent the bunion from coming back 

Procedure time 
 25 to 75 minutes 
 40 to 120 minutes 

Recurrence rate 
 1.8 to 78 , depending on procedure type and follow-up duration 
 0 to 38 

Reported recovery time 
 1 day to 6 weeks non-weight bearing (post-operative shoe or boot, some cast) 
 Long recovery: Traditionally 6 to 8 weeks non-weight bearing (often in a cast) 

Non-Union Rate 
 0 to 3.3 
 2.2 to 12 

Hardware Removal Rate 
 0 to 12.3 
 2 to 17 

Patient dissatisfaction rate 
 6 to 35 
 7 to 13 

Limitations 
 Does not address all 3 dimensions of the deformity reliably and leaves the unstable foundation untreated 

Technically challenging freehand procedure increases inconsistency and variability of results 

 Primarily 2-plane procedure; does not address the frontal plane rotation problem consistently 

Non-union rate is a measure of the incidence of the bone not healing together. 
 While bunions have traditionally been viewed as a 2D deformity, recent scientific literature has indicated that 87 of bunions have a 3D, rotational component in addition to the horizontal and vertical misalignments of the metatarsal bone. Failure to correct this third rotational dimension of the bunion deformity has been reported to result in a 10 to 12 times increase in the chance of bunion recurrence as compared to 3D surgeries. We believe there is a rapidly increasing awareness among surgeons of the need for 3D bunion correction based on the frequency of lectures and medical journal publications on this topic, particularly in recent years. 
 Our Solution 
 We have pioneered our proprietary Lapiplasty 3D Bunion Correction System a combination of innovative instruments, implants and surgical methods designed to correct all three planes of the bunion deformity and secure the unstable joint, addressing the root cause of the bunion. 
 Our Lapiplasty System 
 We believe our Lapiplasty System was the first and remains the leading system designed to consistently and reliably correct all three dimensions of the bunion deformity, address the root cause and allow return to weight-bearing quickly in a post-operative boot. In a Lapiplasty Procedure, the entire metatarsal bone is rotated and brought back into position in all three dimensions, eliminating the unsightly bump and restoring normal anatomy. The unstable foundation in the foot is secured with titanium plating technology allowing patients to get back on their feet quickly in a post-operative boot. The Lapiplasty Procedure can be performed on a wide range of patients with bunion deformities in the hospital outpatient or ambulatory surgery center setting and utilizes existing, well-established reimbursement codes. 
 The Lapiplasty System includes both procedural instrumentation and single-use, sterile-packed implant kits. Our procedural instrumentation includes innovative surgical tools designed to enable surgeons to correct all three dimensions of the bunion deformity 
 8 

and the root cause of bunions with accuracy and consistency. Our single-use, sterile-packed implant kits feature biplanar plating, which are two low-profile titanium fixation plates designed to stabilize the TMT joint and to allow early weight-bearing in a post-operative boot during the critical healing period. 
 The following table illustrates key components of the Lapiplasty System: 

Reusable procedural instrumentation 
 
 Sterile-packed implant kits 

Lapiplasty Positioner 
 Lapiplasty Compressor 
 
 Sterile Implants and Instruments 

Engineered to quickly and reproducibly correct metatarsal alignment in all three dimensions Lapiplasty Cut Guide and Fulcrum Delivers precise cuts with the metatarsal held in the corrected position, ensuring optimal cut trajectory 
 Delivers controlled compression to the precision-cut joint surfaces, while maintaining the three-dimensional correction Lapiplasty Light-Weight Tray Includes the Positioner, Compressor and Cut Guide and Fulcrum 
 
 Single-use implants and instruments used in the Lapiplasty Procedure and ancillary procedures Biplanar Plating Provides biomechanically-tested biplanar stability; designed to allow rapid return to weight-bearing in a walking boot 

9 

The following table illustrates our patented Lapiplasty System, with procedural instrumentation and implants used in each step of our proprietary Lapiplasty Procedure: 

Lapiplasty System 

Correct. Make the correction before the cut Using the Lapiplasty Positioner , the entire metatarsal bone is returned to normal 3D alignment. 

Cut. Perform precision cuts with confidence Using the Lapiplasty Cut Guide , the unstable joint surfaces are cut in the corrected position. 

Compress. Achieve controlled compression of joint surfaces Using the Lapiplasty Compressor , the two bone surfaces are brought together while 3D correction is maintained. 

Fixate. Apply biplanar fixation for robust stability Using Biplanar Plating , two titanium plates fastened at ninety degree angles, the joint is secured and stabilized, designed to allow for early return to weight-bearing in a post-operative boot while the bones fuse together. 

10 

2022 Lapiplasty Advancements 
 
 In 2022, we introduced three new advancements in the Lapiplasty Procedure designed to make it faster and easier to perform. These include (i) the 3-n-1 Guide, which combines three separate instruments and three procedure steps into one instrument and step, (ii) the S4A Anatomic Plating System, which features advanced 3D contours designed to accommodate variations in patient anatomy, and (iii) the SpeedRelease Release Instrument, which is a single-use instrument designed to make a challenging soft tissue release performed in the majority of Lapiplasty cases easier to perform and more reproducible for the surgeon. 
 
 Lapiplasty 3-n-1 Guide S4A Anatomic Plating Kit SpeedRelease Release Instrument 
 
 Our Minimally Invasive Approaches 
 In an effort to continue expanding our Lapiplasty offerings, in 2021 we launched the Lapiplasty Mini-Incision System, which is designed to allow the Lapiplasty Procedure to be performed through a 3.5cm incision as compared to the 6cm to 8cm incision with the standard Lapiplasty Procedure. Some patients prefer smaller incisions that may leave less visible scars. The Lapiplasty Mini-Incision System includes a new fixation plate known as the PlantarPower Plate. This innovative plate is contoured to span across the bottom half of the joint where the loads are the highest, while still providing easy access for insertion of the plate fixation screws through a small incision. Continuing with minimally invasive approaches, in 2022, we began a limited release of the Micro-Lapiplasty Minimally Invasive System, which is designed to allow the deformity correction and joint preparation steps of the Lapiplasty Procedure to be performed through 2cm incisions, and previewed the compatible SpeedPlate Rapid Compression Implant System designed for rapid delivery of titanium compression implants through small incisions. We anticipate commercial release of SpeedPlate implants and the Micro-Lapiplasty instrumentation in the second half of 2023. 
 Our Adductoplasty System 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we launched the Adductoplasty System, which brings together our implants and precision instrumentation for a comprehensive system designed for reproducible realignment, stabilization, and fusion of the midfoot. Midfoot deformities may occur in up to 30 of bunion patients. The Adductoplasty System includes instruments together with our Lapiplasty fixation plates to be used for fusion of the second and third TMT joints, which may often be necessary in conjunction with bunion 
 11 

surgery. In 2022, we introduced the TriTome Release Instrument, a sterile-packed, single-use instrument with three cutting edges designed to assist with a tissue release performed in the Adductoplasty Procedure. 
 
 Product Portfolio 
 
 The following diagram depicts the implants and single use products we currently offer as part of our broader portfolio: 

12 

13 

Key Clinical Advantages of the Lapiplasty System 
 We believe that the differentiated clinical advantages of the Lapiplasty Procedure support its continued clinical adoption and help establish the Lapiplasty Procedure as the standard of care for bunion surgery. We are committed to advancing the understanding of the Lapiplasty Procedure and its benefits to patients, surgeons, facilities and payors through clinical studies and publications in peer-reviewed literature. The Lapiplasty Procedure had been cited in 21 peer-reviewed journal publications as of December 2022. 
 The table below includes published results of our outcomes, demonstrating the effectiveness and consistency of the Lapiplasty Procedure: 

Key outcomes 
 Lapiplasty Procedure 

Recurrence rate 
 0.9 3.2 

Reported time to start weight-bearing 
 1 11 days (post-operative boot) 

Non-union rate 
 0 2.6 

Hardware removal rate 
 0 5.1 

Non-union rate is a measure of the incidence of the bones not healing together. 
 Based on the outcomes from multiple studies, further discussed below, and our deep experience in the field of bunion surgery, we believe the key advantages of the Lapiplasty System include the system being designed for: 
 consistent 3D deformity correction; 

addressing root cause of the deformity; 

ease and reproducibility of the procedure; 

fast return to weight-bearing post-surgery in a post-operative boot; 

slimmer foot (post 5-month follow up); and 

low rate of recurrence (as demonstrated across three separate studies which measured recurrence rates at different time points after the Lapiplasty Procedure: 0.9 at 12 months 1,2 , 3.2 at 13 months, and 0.9 at 17 months). 

We have completed enrollment in our ALIGN3D prospective, multicenter study which is evaluating bunion correction status after five years and includes patient satisfaction scoring, range of motion results and radiographic outcomes. Interim analyses from the ALIGN3D clinical study have been published in the Journal of Foot Ankle Surgery and most recently presented at industry conferences, including at the AOFAS Annual Meeting in September 2022, and at the ACFAS Annual Scientific Conference that was held in early February 2023. The Journal of Foot Ankle Surgery publication presented an interim analysis (117 patients with at least 12 month follow-up) demonstrating early return to weight bearing in a walking boot at an average 7.8 days, return to work at an average 25.2 days, full unrestricted activity at an average of 4 months, significant improvement in radiographic measures of 3-dimensional bunion correction with 1 recurrence reported at 12 months (0.9 recurrence rate, n=108), and significant improvement in patient-reported pain reduction on the Visual Analog Scale (VAS) and quality of life measurements on the Manchester-Oxford Foot Questionnaire (MOxFQ) and Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information Systems (PROMIS) scores. New interim data from the ALIGN3D clinical study highlighted at the 2023 ACFAS Annual Scientific Conference demonstrated 97 patient satisfaction rating at 36 months (n=37), with 92 and 90 improvement in walking/standing and social interaction scores, respectively, through 36 months (n=41); an 80.8 decrease in pain at 24 months; and a low recurrence rate of 0.9 (1 out of 114 patients) observed at 24 months post-surgery 2 . 
 
 1 This data on recurrence rates after the Lapiplasty Procedure is based on interim results of the ALIGN3D study published in the Journal of Foot Ankle Surgery. 
 2 Subsequent interim data on the ALIGN3D study showed 1.4 of patients (2 out of 144 patients) demonstrated radiographic recurrence at 12 months post surgery. 
 Our differentiated Lapiplasty System is designed to consistently and reliably correct all three dimensions of the bunion deformity and address its root cause, and its key clinical advantages that have been demonstrated in multiple peer-reviewed publications. A traditional 2D Osteotomy performs an incomplete correction addressing the cosmetic appearance of the bunion rather than the root cause of the deformity. Alternatively, while Lapidus Fusion does seek to address the root cause of the deformity, it does not address the 3D rotational aspect known to contribute to bunion recurrence, and involves a technically challenging freehand technique, which is highly dependent on the surgeon s skill and requires the physician to perform complex corrections without the benefits of assistive instrumentation. The Lapiplasty System includes specifically engineered procedural instrumentation and implants that enable the physician to correct the bunion deformity with accuracy and consistency. 
 
 14 

Clinical studies described in multiple peer-reviewed publications demonstrate the clinical benefits of the Lapiplasty System. These publications demonstrate that the Lapiplasty Procedure allows patients to quickly return to weight-bearing in a post-operative boot within 3 to 10 days. In addition, these publications demonstrated meaningfully low rates of recurrence (as described above). In addition, these studies indicate a low-rate in incidence of the bones not healing together (i.e., non-union rate) as well as a low rate of hardware removal. Finally, research also suggests that Lapiplasty may result in a significant decrease in post-operative bony and soft tissue width (i.e., a slimmer foot post 5-month follow up) although not an indication for surgery, foot width reduction is often a desirable cosmetic and functional outcome and commonly associated with postoperative patient satisfaction. Given its demonstrated clinical benefits, we believe the Lapiplasty System provides a positive physician and patient experience, and through continued clinical adoption, is poised to become the standard of care for bunion surgery. 
 Consistent 3D deformity correction Addresses root cause of deformity Ease of procedure / reproducibility Time to weight-bearing Consistently slimmer foot Lapiplasty 3D bunion Correction Traditional 2D Osteotomy Traditional lapidus Fusion 
 Commercial Strategy 
 
 We are investing in and executing a five-point strategy that includes rapid product innovations, a bunion-focused direct sales channel, surgeon education programs, direct-to-patient education, and supportive clinical evidence. 

We currently market and sell the Lapiplasty System through a combination of a direct employee sales force and independent sales agencies across 193 territories in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we had 168 employee sales representatives and 25 independent sales agencies. In 2022, employee sales representatives generated approximately 72 of total revenue while approximately 28 of revenue came through independent sales agencies. In 2021, employee sales representatives generated approximately 52 of total revenue while approximately 48 came through independent sales agencies. 
 We have and are continuing to dedicate meaningful resources to expand our sales force and management team in the United States. We have hired and expect to continue to hire additional employee sales representatives and employee field sales management to strategically access more regions with high densities of prospective patients. We believe this strategy will: 
 accelerate growth and better penetrate the market with our products; 

further align incentives and allow for improved coordination of our sales team; and 

improve profitability with better operating leverage in the longer term. 

We believe our surgeon education and training programs differentiate us from our competitors. We devote significant resources to training and educating physicians on the safe and effective use of the Lapiplasty System. Our comprehensive education programs include cadaveric workshops, technical assistance in the operating room and advanced training for both new and existing surgeon 
 15 

customers. We believe our multiple post-market clinical outcome studies are also unique in the bunion correction field and are a key element of our medical education program. 
 Our practice is to require surgeons to complete a simulated surgical training program before performing the Lapiplasty Procedure. To facilitate this training, we have developed a robust curriculum including clinical and procedural details as well as hands-on surgical workshops designed to simulate a live surgical procedure. These training events incorporate highly-skilled training personnel including experienced surgeon faculty and clinical specialists. Additionally, we host ongoing peer-to-peer advanced educational training programs to continue to develop the expertise of our surgeon customers, which include monthly online Mastery Webinar series and hands-on workshops with experienced faculty surgeons that cover more advanced Lapiplasty techniques and training on our newly developed products and procedures. Our training programs are complemented by 12 clinical specialists that assist with surgeon training and live surgery support with new surgeon users. We believe that our surgeon education programs are effective, and they are intended to result in surgeon users improving their skill and familiarity with the Lapiplasty Procedure and improved clinical outcomes for their patients. 
 Surgeons generally can perform their first case after they have been trained and our products have been approved by the surgical facility. Obtaining facility approval may delay surgeon access to our products for 30 to 120 days or more depending on the nature of the facility (or integrated delivery network's) approval process. 
 
 Surgeon users typically increase usage of the Lapiplasty Procedure over time as they see improved clinical outcomes for their patients relative to traditional bunion surgery approaches. The bar chart below shows as of December 31, 2022 the average number of procedures performed over the trailing twelve months by surgeons based on the number of years that the surgeons have used the Lapiplasty System. 
 
 Last Twelve Months Average Surgeon Usage 1 , 2 

Surgeon Utilization in Last 12 Months by La2020 8.0 2019 12.0 2018 17.7 2017 and Prior Year First Case Performed 
 (1) Surgeons may discontinue performing cases over time. Usage shown excludes our Surgeon Advisory members. 
 (2) The usage in this chart represents the average surgeon utilization rate for the last twelve months. Usage information previously provided in our Registration Statement on Form S-1 provided usage in calendar years and included our Surgeon Advisory Board members. For the chart above, more than twelve months must have elapsed from the date of the surgeon's first use for the surgeon to be included in the year 1 column. 
 We believe our offering is differentiated by supporting surgeons with knowledgeable clinical specialists and direct sales employees who are experts in the Lapiplasty Procedure. These employees receive in-depth training to develop a thorough understanding of bunions, patient selection, procedure planning and regulatory policies to meaningfully support continued clinical adoption and existing surgeon customers. Our clinical specialists and direct sales employees participate in continuous education programs that consist of in-person foundational training, procedure observation and sales skills development. These employees are a key resource for our surgeon customers and their expertise enables them to provide meaningful clinical and technical support in the 
 16 

operating room and to develop strong relationships with surgeons. We believe that our approach to supporting surgeons leads to better clinical outcomes for patients. 
 Our direct-to-patient outreach program is a key aspect of our commercial strategy. This program is focused on educating patients on the clinical advantages of the Lapiplasty Procedure and generating brand awareness. We are working to further establish brand recognition for Lapiplasty as the leading procedure for improving bunion treatment outcomes in an industry that has traditionally not conducted significant direct-to-patient programs. We have built a sophisticated marketing infrastructure to deliver our message in a targeted manner utilizing digital and traditional marketing channels. These programs direct potential bunion surgical candidates to our educational website that further explains the Lapiplasty Procedure and its related benefits and risks. Our Find a Doctor tool allows them to search for experienced Lapiplasty Procedure surgeons in their local markets. 
 
 The following diagram illustrates our patient outreach program. 
 OUTREACH with content Engage Lebsite UTILIZE Find a Doctor Search for surgeon 
 
 Research and Development 
 We devote significant resources to research and development of our products. We use internal employee engineering personnel and our Surgeon Advisory Board to generate ideas and develop product innovations. Our Surgeon Advisory Board is comprised of both podiatrists and orthopaedic foot and ankle surgeons who provide us with holistic insights for developing products that fully meet the needs of each group. Our development team is focused on improving clinical outcomes by designing new procedure-specific products and by developing enhanced surgical techniques in attractive subspecialties within the foot and ankle market. 
 Our initial product development and commercial efforts have been focused on the bunion market, and our Lapiplasty System specifically. We intend to continue iterating our core Lapiplasty System instrumentation and implants to improve surgical efficiency, enhance reproducibility of outcomes and speed up surgical recovery for patients. We are also pursuing the development and potential commercialization, if cleared, of new products that we believe would leverage and expand our position in the market to treat other concomitant pathologies that occur in a high percentage of bunion surgeries. Products provided by other companies are currently utilized in some of our Lapiplasty Procedure cases to treat these concomitant conditions. Providing these ancillary products allows us to capture a higher percentage of the overall product revenue from the surgical case while providing greater efficiency and synergies to the facility and operating room staff by reducing the number of vendors needed to support the case. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 The Lapiplasty Procedure is performed by foot and ankle surgeons in both hospital outpatient facilities and ambulatory surgery centers. Hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and surgeons that purchase or use our products generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse for all or part of the costs and fees associated with procedures using our products. As a result, sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the procedures using our products are covered by third-party payors, including government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private insurance plans and managed care programs. Based on historical claims data from 2017, approximately 63 of Lapidus cases and 60 of all bunion surgical cases were paid by private payors. 
 
 Medicare publishes national average rates for each procedure in the hospital outpatient and ambulatory surgery center settings. Medicare rates for procedures involving our products may vary from national averages due to geographic location, the nature of facility in which the procedure is performed (i.e., teaching or community hospital) and other factors. While private payors vary in their coverage and payment policies, many use coverage and payment by Medicare as a benchmark to make their own decisions. 
 17 

Coding and Reimbursement 
 When procedures using our products are performed in hospital outpatient or ambulatory surgery center settings, both the surgeon and the health care facility submit claims (bills) for payment to the third-party payor using established medical codes (e.g., CPT codes, diagnosis codes and HCPCS codes) that describe the patient history and medical and surgical treatments. Obtaining appropriate payment for services is dependent in part on the physician and health care facility reporting or billing the CPT code that accurately describes the procedures performed in the case. 
 The table below sets forth the established CPT codes that are commonly used for Lapidus-type and midfoot fusion surgeries, including the Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Procedures. 

Established CPT Codes 

CPT 28297 
 Correction, bunionectomy, with sesamoidectomy, when performed; with first metatarsal and medial cuneiform joint arthrodesis, any method 

CPT 28730 
 Arthrodesis, midtarsal or tarsometatarsal, multiple or transverse 

CPT 28740 CPT 28735 
 Arthrodesis, midtarsal or tarsometatarsal, single joint Arthrodesis, midtarsal or tarsometatarsal, multiple or transverse; with osteotomy (e.g., flatfoot correction) 

Bunion surgery also often involves multiple concomitant procedures, including Akin osteotomy, Weil osteotomy and hammertoe correction, for example. Each concomitant procedure has an applicable CPT code used for billing third-party payors, which is submitted on the same claim with the Lapiplasty Procedure for reimbursement. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We actively seek to protect the technology, inventions, and improvements that we consider important to our business using patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights in the United States and foreign markets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio included 39 owned U.S. patents, one licensed U.S. patent and 10 owned foreign patents. All of the U.S. patents are utility patents. The owned patents cover core Lapiplasty-related hardware and surgical techniques as well as other associated innovations, including the main surgical techniques used by the Lapiplasty Procedure as well as associated tools, techniques and/or implants used during the procedure. Our foreign granted patents are in Australia, the European Patent Convention and Japan. Our owned patents expire in 2035 or later. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 81 pending patent applications globally, including 46 in the United States. Outside of the United States we have patent applications pending in Australia, Canada, Europe (before the European Patent Office) and Japan as well as through the Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT ). 
 We have also obtained an exclusive license with respect to a third-party United States patent application that has now matured into a granted patent. This licensed patent expires in 2034. Our patents are intended to exclude competitors from practicing the innovations of our currently marketed product offering and to protect potential future commercialization opportunities and to strategically block potential workarounds by competitors. 
 We own U.S. trademark registrations for several of our most important marks, including Treace Medical Concepts , the Treace Medical Concepts logo, Lapiplasty , Fast Grafter , FastPitch , Adductoplasty , SpeedSeeker and The Leader in Hallux Valgus Surgery . We also have pending U.S. trademark registrations on other valuable marks, including Align My Toe , Fix It Right The First Time , Micro-Lapiplasty , SpeedPlate , SpeedRelease , TriTome and 3-n-1 . 
 The term of individual patents depends on the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are granted. In most countries, including the United States, the patent term is generally 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a nonprovisional patent application in the applicable country. We cannot assure that patents will be issued from any of our pending applications or that, if patents are issued, they will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection for our technology. Notwithstanding the scope of the patent protection available to us, a competitor could develop treatment methods or devices that are not covered by our patents. Furthermore, numerous U.S. and foreign-issued patents and patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we have commercialized and are developing products. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be 
 18 

applications unknown to us, which applications may later result in issued patents that our existing or future products or technologies may be alleged to infringe. 
 There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. We have initiated lawsuits in the past and may bring lawsuits in the future to enforce patents issued or licensed to us, enforce our rights in trademarks and copyright, to protect our trade secrets or know-how, to defend against claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, or to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation is costly and diverts our attention from other functions and responsibilities. Furthermore, even if our patents are found to be valid and infringed, a court may refuse to grant injunctive relief against the infringer and instead grant us monetary damages and/or ongoing royalties. Such monetary compensation may be insufficient to adequately offset the damage to our business caused by the infringer s competition in the market. 
 In connection with future additional lawsuits to enforce our patents issued or licensed to us, adverse determinations in such future litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, could require us to seek licenses from third parties and could prevent us from manufacturing, selling or using our product or techniques, any of which could severely harm our business. 
 Our knowledge and experience, creative product development, marketing staff and trade secret information, with respect to manufacturing processes, materials and product design, are as important as our patents in maintaining our proprietary product lines. As a condition of employment, we require all employees and key contractors to execute an agreement obligating them to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information and assign to us inventions and other intellectual property created during their employment. For more information, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property . 
 Royalty and License Agreements 
 We have entered into product development and fee for service agreements with members of our Surgeon Advisory Board that specify the terms under which the member is compensated for his or her consulting services and grants us rights to the intellectual property created by the member in the course of such services. As products are commercialized with the assistance of members of the Surgeon Advisory Board, we may agree to enter into a royalty agreement if the member s contributions to the product are novel, significant and innovative. 
 We have entered into royalty agreements with certain members of our Surgeon Advisory Board providing royalties based on each individual s level of contribution. Each royalty agreement: (i) confirms the irrevocable transfer to us of all pertinent intellectual property rights; (ii) sets the applicable royalty rate; (iii) sets the period of time during which royalties are payable; (iv) is for a term of three years, renewable by the parties, and may be terminated by either party on 90 days notice for convenience (provided that if terminated by the Company for convenience the obligation to pay royalties is not affected); and (v) prohibits the payment of royalties on products sold to entities and/or individuals with whom the surgeon advisor or any other surgeon advisor entitled to royalties is affiliated. Each of the royalty agreements may be subsequently amended to add the license of additional intellectual property covering new products, and as a result, multiple royalty rates and duration of royalty payments may be included in one royalty agreement. 
 For more information about royalty payments, please see Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 We currently leverage third-party manufacturing relationships to ensure low-cost production while maintaining a capital efficient business model. We have no long-term supply contracts and generally have multiple sources of supply for critical components of the Lapiplasty System. Our supply agreements do not have minimum manufacturing or purchase obligations. As such, we have no obligation to buy any given quantity of products, and our suppliers have no obligation to sell us or to manufacture for us any given quantity of our products or components for our products. In most cases, we have redundant manufacturing capabilities for each of our products. To date, we have not experienced any significant difficulty obtaining our products or components for our products necessary to meet demand, and we have only experienced limited instances where our suppliers had difficulty supplying products by the requested delivery date. We believe manufacturing capacity is sufficient to meet market demand for our products for the foreseeable future. 
 The suppliers for the Lapiplasty System and our other products are evaluated, qualified and approved through our supplier management program, which includes various evaluations, assessments, qualifications, validations, testing and inspection to ensure the supplier can meet acceptable quality requirements. We implement a robust change control policy with our key suppliers to ensure that no component or process changes are made without our prior approval. 
 19 

Order quantities and lead times for components purchased from suppliers are based on our forecasts derived from both historical demand and anticipated future demand. Lead times for components may vary depending on the size of the order, time required to fabricate, specific supplier requirements and current market demand for the components, sub-assemblies and materials. 
 Competition 
 Our industry is competitive, subject to technological change and significantly affected by new product introductions and market activities of other industry participants. Our existing products are, and any future products we commercialize will be, subject to competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in our markets include: 
 The quality of outcomes and adverse event rates. 

Patient experience, including patient recovery time and level of discomfort. 

Acceptance by surgeons, hospitals and other health care providers. 

Physician learning curves and willingness to adopt new techniques. 

Ease of use and reliability. 

Strength of clinical evidence. 

Economic benefits and cost savings. 

Strength and scope of intellectual property protections. 

Effective distribution and marketing to surgeons and potential patients. 

Product price and qualification for coverage and reimbursement. 

A highly specialized and focused sales force. 

Speed to market. 

Surgeon training and medical education programs. 

Our competition includes medical device manufacturers in the orthopaedic foot and ankle market. Stryker Corporation is currently the leader in the orthopaedic foot and ankle market and has significant market share following its acquisition of Wright Medical in November 2020. Additional companies operating in the orthopaedic foot and ankle market with products specifically focused on bunion surgery include CrossRoads Extremity Systems, which was acquired in 2022 by DePuy Synthes Products, Inc., a Johnson Johnson subsidiary, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Paragon 28, Inc., In2Bones Global, Inc., a subsidiary of CONMED Corporation, Medartis Holding AG, Novastep Inc., Arthrex, Inc., Fusion Orthopedics, LLC, and Enovis Corporation (formerly Colfax). While foot and ankle product sales represent a relatively small percentage of our larger competitors overall sales, many recognize the growth opportunities in this market and have been active in product additions through both internal development efforts and acquisitions. 
 Our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources, established presence in the market, expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement and marketing approved products than we do. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified research development, sales, marketing and management personnel, establishing clinical sites and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors. In addition to competing for market share for the Lapiplasty Procedure, we also compete against these companies for personnel, including qualified personnel that are necessary to grow our business. 
 Finally, we may compete with medical device manufacturers outside the United States if and when we pursue plans to market our products internationally. Among other competitive advantages, such companies may have more established sales and marketing programs and networks, established relationships with health care professionals and greater name recognition in such markets. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our products and our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and other federal and state authorities in the United States, and if we begin offering our products outside the United States, comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. Our products are subject to regulation as medical devices in the United States under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA as implemented and enforced by the FDA. 
 20 

United States Regulation 
 The FDA regulates the development, design, non-clinical and clinical research, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, recordkeeping, premarket clearance or approval, adverse event reporting, advertising, promotion, marketing and distribution, and import and export of medical devices to ensure that medical devices distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses and otherwise meet the requirements of the FDCA. 
 FDA Premarket Clearance and Approval Requirements 
 Unless an exemption applies, each medical device commercially distributed in the United States requires either FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification or FDA approval of a premarket approval application PMA ). Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s General Controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the applicable portions of the Quality System Regulation QSR ), facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. Class II devices are subject to the FDA s General Controls, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. These special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries and FDA guidance documents. 
 While most Class I devices are exempt from the 510(k) premarket notification requirement, manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to submit to the FDA a premarket notification under Section 510(k) of the FDCA requesting permission to commercially distribute the device, also referred to as 510(k) clearance. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life sustaining, life supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or use advanced technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed in Class III, requiring approval of a PMA. Our currently marketed products are Class I exempt devices and Class II devices subject to 510(k) clearance. 
 510(k) Clearance Marketing Pathway 
 Certain of our current products are subject to premarket notification and clearance under section 510(k) of the FDCA. To obtain 510(k) clearance, we must submit to the FDA a premarket notification submission demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device, i.e., a device that was legally marketed before May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to twelve months but may take longer. The FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. In addition, the FDA collects user fees for certain medical device submissions and annual fees for medical device establishments. For fiscal year 2023, the standard user fee for a 510(k) premarket notification application is 19,870. 
 If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device currently on the market, it will grant 510(k) clearance to commercially market the device. If the FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent to a previously cleared device, the device is automatically designated as a Class III device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements, or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo process, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. 
 After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, PMA approval or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), de novo classification or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until 510(k) marketing clearance, approval of a PMA, or issuance of a de novo classification. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 
 PMA Approval Pathway 
 Class III devices require PMA approval before they can be marketed, although some pre-amendment Class III devices for which FDA has not yet required approval of a PMA are cleared through the 510(k) process. The PMA process is more complex, costly and time consuming than the 510(k) premarket notification process. A PMA must be supported by extensive data, including, but not limited to, extensive technical information regarding device design and development, preclinical and clinical trials, manufacturing, 
 21 

and labeling information to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. The PMA application must provide valid scientific evidence that demonstrates to the FDA s satisfaction reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. Following receipt of a PMA, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its review of the PMA, although in practice, the FDA s review often takes significantly longer, and can take up to several years. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification of information already provided, and the FDA may issue a major deficiency letter to the applicant, requesting the applicant s response to deficiencies communicated by the FDA. Also, during the review period, an advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. The FDA may or may not accept the panel s recommendation. In addition, the FDA will conduct a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with quality system regulation. The PMA process can be expensive, uncertain, and lengthy, and a number of devices for which FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved by the FDA for marketing. None of our products are marketed pursuant to a PMA. 
 Clinical Trials 
 Clinical trials are almost always required to support a PMA and are sometimes required to support a 510(k) submission. All clinical investigations of investigational devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption IDE regulations which govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational device, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device is determined to present a significant risk to human health, the manufacturer may not begin a clinical trial until it submits an IDE application to the FDA and obtains approval of the IDE from the FDA. The IDE must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. In addition, the study must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board IRB ), for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and continuing review of the IDE and may pose additional requirements for the conduct of the study. If an IDE application is approved by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical trials may begin at a specific number of investigational sites with a specific number of patients, as approved by the FDA. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate approval from the FDA, but must still follow abbreviated IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping requirements. A clinical trial may be suspended by FDA, the sponsor, or an IRB at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to the study participants outweigh the benefits of participation in the trial. Even if a clinical trial is completed, the results may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a device to the satisfaction of the FDA or may be equivocal or otherwise not be sufficient to obtain approval of a device. We are not currently undertaking any FDA IDE trials, as all of our existing products are FDA-cleared through the 510(k) pathway. It is possible, however, that future device development may require IDE clinical trial for approval. 
 Post-Market Regulation 
 After a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 
 establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; 

QSR requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process; 

labeling regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of investigational products, or the promotion of off-label uses of cleared or approved products; 

requirements related to promotional activities; 

clearance or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of one of our cleared devices, or approval of certain modifications to PMA-approved devices; 

medical device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device it markets may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; 

correction, removal, and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; 

22 

the FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; and 

post-market surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary to protect public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

Manufacturing processes for medical devices are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and the facilities and controls for the design, manufacture, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, distribution, installation and servicing of finished devices intended for human use. The QSR also requires, among other things, maintenance of a device master file, device history file, and complaint files. Manufacturers are subject to periodic scheduled or unscheduled inspections by the FDA. Failure to maintain compliance with the QSR requirements could result in the shut-down of, or restrictions on, manufacturing operations and the recall or seizure of marketed products. The discovery of previously unknown problems with any marketed products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse events of increasing severity or frequency, whether resulting from the use of the device within the scope of its clearance or off-label by a physician in the practice of medicine, could result in restrictions on the device, including the removal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls. 
 The FDA has broad regulatory compliance and enforcement powers. If the FDA determines that a manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: 
 warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

recalls, withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearances or PMA approvals that have already been granted; 

refusal to grant export approvals for our products; or 

criminal prosecution. 

Coverage and Reimbursement 
 In the United States, our currently approved products are commonly treated as general supplies utilized in orthopaedic surgery and if covered by third-party payors, are paid for as part of the surgical procedure. Outside of the United States, there are many reimbursement programs through private payors as well as government programs. In some countries, government reimbursement is the predominant program available to patients and hospitals. Our commercial success depends in part on the extent to which governmental authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payors provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement levels for the procedures during which our products are used. Failure by physicians, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other users of our products to obtain sufficient coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures in which our products are used, or adverse changes in government and private third-party payor's coverage and reimbursement policies could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Based on our experience to date, third-party payors generally reimburse for the surgical procedures in which our products are used only if the patient meets the established medical necessity criteria for surgery. Some payors are moving toward a managed care system and control their health care costs by limiting authorizations for surgical procedures, including elective procedures using our devices. Although no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement among payors in the United States exists and coverage and reimbursement for procedures can differ significantly from payor to payor, reimbursement decisions by particular third-party payors may depend upon a number of factors, including the payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

appropriate and medically necessary for the specific indication; 

cost effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

Third-party payors are increasingly auditing and challenging the prices charged for medical products and services with concern for upcoding, miscoding, using inappropriate modifiers, or billing for inappropriate care settings. Some third-party payors must approve coverage for new or innovative devices or procedures before they reimburse health care providers who use the products or 
 23 

therapies. Even though a new product may have been cleared for commercial distribution by the FDA, we may find limited demand for the product unless and until reimbursement approval has been obtained from governmental and private third-party payors. 
 
 A key component in ensuring whether the appropriate payment amount is received for physician and other services, including those procedures using our products, is the existence of a Current Procedural Terminology CPT code, to describe the procedure in which the product is used. To receive payment, health care practitioners must submit claims to insurers using these codes for payment for medical services. CPT codes are assigned, maintained and annually updated by the American Medical Association and its CPT Editorial Board. If the CPT codes that apply to the procedures performed using our products are changed or deleted, reimbursement for performance of these procedures may be adversely affected. 
 In the United States, some insured individuals enroll in managed care programs, which monitor and often require pre-approval of the services that a member will receive. Some managed care programs pay their providers on a per capita (patient) basis, which puts the providers at financial risk for the services provided to their patients by paying these providers a predetermined payment per member per month and, consequently, may limit the willingness of these providers to use our products. 
 We believe the overall escalating cost of medical products and services being paid for by the government and private health insurance has led to, and will continue to lead to, increased pressures on the health care and medical device industry to reduce the costs of products and services. All third-party reimbursement programs are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling health care costs through prospective reimbursement and capitation programs, group purchasing, redesign of benefits, requiring second opinions before major surgery, careful review of bills, encouragement of healthier lifestyles and other preventative services and exploration of more cost-effective methods of delivering health care. 
 In addition to uncertainties surrounding coverage policies, there are periodic changes to reimbursement levels. Third-party payors regularly update reimbursement amounts and also from time to time revise the methodologies used to determine reimbursement amounts. This includes routine updates to payments to physicians, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers for procedures during which our products are used. These updates could directly impact the demand for our products. 
 Health Care Reform 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the health care system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in health care systems with the stated goals of containing health care costs, improving quality or expanding access. Current and future legislative proposals to further reform health care or reduce health care costs may limit coverage of or lower reimbursement for the procedures associated with the use of our products. The cost containment measures that payors and providers are instituting and the effect of any health care reform initiative implemented in the future could impact our revenue from the sale of our products. 
 In the United States, the implementation of the Affordable Care Act ACA for example, has changed health care financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers substantially, and affected medical device manufacturers significantly. The ACA, among other things, provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research, and implemented payment system reforms including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians and other providers to improve the coordination, quality and efficiency of certain health care services through bundled payment models. Additionally, the ACA expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs and created a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research. We are also affected by regulatory and legislative changes affecting Medicare payments and processing and reimbursement received by our customers. 
 We expect additional state and federal health care reform measures to be adopted in the future, some of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for health care products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. 
 Federal, State and Foreign Fraud and Abuse and Physician Payment Transparency Laws 
 In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws restrict our business practices. These laws include, without limitation, foreign, federal, and state anti-kickback and false claims laws, as well as transparency laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to health care providers. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, 
 24 

facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal health care covered business, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The majority of states also have anti-kickback laws which establish similar prohibitions and, in some cases, may apply more broadly to items or services covered by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers and self-pay patients. 
 The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. Private parties may initiate qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against any person or entity under the federal civil False Claims Act in the name of the government and share in the proceeds of the lawsuit. 
 In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits, among other things, the offer or transfer of remuneration, including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program. 
 HIPAA also created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a health care benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 Additionally, there has been a recent trend of increased foreign, federal, and state regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to health care professionals or entities. The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act imposes annual reporting requirements on certain drug, biologics, medical supplies and device manufacturers for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or Children s Health Insurance Program for payments and other transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiologist assistants and certified nurse midwives), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Certain foreign countries and U.S. states also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and require tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to health care professionals and entities. 
 Penalties for violation of any of the health care laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us include, without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of an entity s operations. 
 Data Privacy Security 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our service providers. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 25 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 We believe in the value of a diverse and inclusive team as an enabler to getting the best ideas, innovating, and creating great outcomes for our customers and their patients. To drive great business results, we must have the right people in the right role with great leadership, culture, training and rewards, all aligned with our values and business strategies. 
 To achieve these goals, we are committed to developing great talent at all levels of the organization: by growing talent internally, hiring great external talent, and ensuring bench strength and succession plans at all levels throughout the organization. We have a number of initiatives in place to attract, develop and retain great talent in a rewarding and inclusive culture. Some of the highlights of our approach are as follows: 
 Talent Acquisition : As of December 31, 2022, we had 423 full-time employees. During 2022, we increased the number of employees by 70 to support the rapid growth of our business, with 65 of the new hires being added to our sales team. As we recruit, we are innovatively expanding external talent pools, and we actively seek talent of diverse backgrounds and strive to provide a work environment where the best ideas are welcomed from anywhere. 
 Talent Development: On an annual basis, our leadership team participates in a talent review and succession planning exercise to identify organizational needs, development opportunities, and potential future leaders. As a result of these efforts and our commitment to providing growth opportunities for our talent, 18 of our employees were promoted or took new positions during 2022. We experienced a low undesired turnover of under 7 , despite the market's strong competition for talent. 
 Total Rewards : Our human capital strategies, initiatives, and outcomes are reviewed on a regular basis with the compensation committee of our board of directors. In addition, we partner with consulting firms to regularly benchmark our peer group companies and the broader market, and as a result of this analysis, we have implemented a number of changes to our rewards practices which we believe allows us to maintain our competitiveness in the market. We also believe strongly in providing employees the opportunity to participate as owners in the Company; this is done through broad-based equity programs granting stock options and restricted stock units, with the majority of our employees having received at least one equity grant. 
 Culture : We are committed to delivering an inclusive culture that fosters creativity and innovation, that allows employees to be their best at work. We offer a collegial, collaborative culture supported by competitive, performance-based compensation and benefits, equity awards, career development opportunities, and access to continual growth through live and remote training. We conducted an employee engagement survey in 2022 that showed that 87 of our employees are engaged, which compares favorably with average engagement of 76 of the approximately 80 medical device and biotechnology companies in the benchmark compiled by the independent third-party consulting firm that conducted the engagement survey. We will use these survey results to determine how we can continue to create work environments that energize our employees and enable them to develop and maintain a positive working culture. In addition, none of our employees are represented by a labor union or are a party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Facilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 125,000 square feet for our corporate headquarters located in Ponte Vedra, Florida under a lease agreement which terminates in July 2032. We believe that this facility is sufficient to meet our current and anticipated needs in the future and that additional space can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms as needed. We are also obligated to lease a part of our previous corporate headquarters location until August 2026. However, we have subleased a portion of this space and continue to market the remainder of the space. 
 Available Information 
 We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, amendments to such documents and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov . We also make these filings available, free of charge, under the Investor Relations section of our website at http://www.treace.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. Our website and the information contained on or connected to that site are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other public filing made by us with the SEC. 
 26 

It em 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes, Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Special Notes Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and stock price. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. The below summary is qualified in its entirety by the more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties that follows this summary. 
 
 We have incurred losses in the past and may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

We operate in a very competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or potential competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

If hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other health care facilities do not approve the use of our products, our sales may not increase or may otherwise be adversely affected. 

If adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures using our products are not obtained or maintained, surgeons and patients may be reluctant to use our products, we may find is necessary to reduce the price for our products, and our business will suffer. 

We may be unable to continue to successfully demonstrate to surgeons or key opinion leaders the merits of our products and technologies compared to those of our competitors, which may make it difficult to establish our products and technologies as a standard of care and continue to achieve market acceptance. 

If our patents and other intellectual property rights do not adequately protect our products, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours and we may be unable to gain significant market share and be unable to operate our business profitably. 

If we were to lose intellectual property lawsuits, our intellectual property rights would be impaired and, if we were found to infringe, violate or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of others, a court could require us to pay significant damages and/or prevent us from selling our products. 

Our revenue is primarily generated from sales of the Lapiplasty System, and we are, therefore, highly dependent on it for our success. 

We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions or investments in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, through the licensing of products or technologies from third parties or other strategic alliances, and the failure to manage acquisitions, investments, licenses or other strategic alliances, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense. 

Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors are subject to federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and other health care laws and regulations. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, service providers, or vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

If we fail to continue to develop and retain an effective direct sales force, or if we are unable to successfully expand our sales management and sales specialist teams, it could negatively impact our sales, and we may not generate sufficient revenue to reach profitability. 

If surgeons fail to safely and appropriately use our products, or if we are unable to train podiatrists and orthopaedic surgeons on the safe and appropriate use of our products, we may be unable to achieve our expected sales, growth or profitability. 

Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived issues with the Lapiplasty Procedure or our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If we do raise additional capital, stockholders may be subject to dilution. 

27 

A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

We have in the past been and may in the future be subject to short-selling strategies that may drive down the market price of our common stock and negatively affect our reputation. 

The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our products must be manufactured in accordance with federal and state quality regulations and are subject to FDA inspection, and our failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines, product recalls, product liability claims, limits on future product clearances, reputational damage and other adverse impacts. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 We have incurred losses in the past and may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We incurred net losses in each period since we commenced operations. For 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 42.8 million and 20.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 84.7 million and 54.0 million of principal outstanding under our term and revolving loan agreements. We expect to continue to incur significant product development, clinical and regulatory, sales and marketing, medical education, and other expenses. In addition, we expect that our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase due to the additional costs associated with being a public company. These efforts and additional expenses may be more costly than we expect, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our revenue to offset such expenses. Our revenue may decline or our revenue growth may be constrained for a number of reasons, including reduced demand for our products and services, increased competition or if we cannot capitalize on growth opportunities. We will need to generate significant additional revenue to achieve and sustain profitability and, even if we achieve profitability, we cannot be sure that we will remain profitable for any substantial period of time. Our failure to achieve or sustain profitability could negatively impact the value of our common stock. 
 We have a limited operating history and have grown significantly in a short period of time. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We formed as a medical device consulting business in July 2013, and began focusing on the foot and ankle market in January 2014. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our operating results have fluctuated in the past, and we expect our future quarterly and annual operating results to continue to fluctuate as we focus on increasing the demand for our products and continue to develop clinical evidence to support the safety and efficacy of our Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems, as well as develop new product innovations. We may need to make business decisions that could adversely affect our operating results, such as modifications to our pricing strategy, business structure or operations. 
 In addition, we have experienced recent rapid growth and anticipate further growth. For example, the number of our full-time employees increased from 32 as of December 31, 2017 to 423 as of December 31, 2022. This growth has placed significant demands on our management, financial, operational, technological and other resources, and we expect that our growth will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources and will require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. In particular, continued growth increases the challenges involved in a number of areas, including recruiting and retaining sufficient skilled personnel for our direct employee sales force, providing adequate training and supervision to maintain our high-quality standards and preserving our culture and values. We may not be able to address these challenges in a cost-effective manner, or at all. To achieve our revenue goals, we must also successfully increase our supply of products from third party manufacturers to meet expected customer demand. In the future, we may experience difficulties with quality control, component supply and shortages of qualified personnel, among other problems. These problems could result in delays in product availability and increases in expenses. Any such delay or increased expense could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. In addition, rapid and significant growth will place a strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure. In order to manage our operations and growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational and management controls, hiring process, reporting and information technology systems and financial internal control procedures. If we do not effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to execute on our business plan, respond to competitive pressures, take advantage of market opportunities, satisfy customer requirements or maintain high-quality product offerings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 28 

The terms of our credit agreements require us to meet certain operating and financial covenants and place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, the terms of any new debt could further restrict our ability to operate our business. 
 Under the terms of our loan agreements discussed in more detail under section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Short-Term and Long-Term Debt Obligations, we are subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants, including (but not limited to), financial covenants related to minimum revenue and minimum liquidity and covenants limiting our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create certain liens, enter into a change of control transaction and make certain distributions and investments without our lenders consent. Our lenders may also declare us in default for certain types of events such as non-payment of debts, inaccurate representations and warranties, failure to comply with terms of material indebtedness and material agreements, bankruptcy and insolvency, a change of control and/or a material adverse change. Upon such events, our lenders could declare an event of default, which would give them the right to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, our lenders would have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral under the loan agreements. For example, under our term and revolving loan agreements with entities affiliated with MidCap Financial Trust MidCap ), MidCap would have the right to enforce liens and security interests in substantially all of our assets (including intellectual property) in the event of certain specified defaults under the loans with MidCap. If the debt under any of our loan agreements is accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be able to sell sufficient assets to repay this debt or may have to curtail our growth plans, which would harm our business and financial condition. 
 Additional capital, if needed, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 While management believes that existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will allow us to continue our planned operations for at least the next 12 months, we may require additional capital to maintain and expand our operations. We plan to continue to invest our capital in expanding our sales force, research and development efforts, direct to consumer education programs and product offerings. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could require that a substantial portion of our operating cash flow be devoted to the payment of interest and principal on such indebtedness, which may decrease available funds for other business activities, and could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, if and when needed, we may not be able to grow our business or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We operate in a very competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or potential competitors, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our existing products and procedures are, and any new products or procedures we develop and commercialize will be subject to intense competition. The industry in which we operate is competitive, subject to change and sensitive to the introduction of new products, procedures or other market activities of industry participants. Increasingly competitors are entering into the tri-planar bunion correction market with new instruments and implants to compete with the Lapiplasty System. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to continue to train surgeons on the Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Procedures and gain their acceptance of the procedures, develop additional products and procedures to improve these procedures and expand our product offerings that reach the market in a timely manner, receive adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors and provide products that are easier to use, safer, less invasive and more effective than the products and procedures of our competitors. In addition, our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our marketing efforts. We have dedicated and plan to continue to dedicate significant resources to our marketing programs. It will negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if our marketing efforts and expenditures do not generate a corresponding increase in revenue. In addition, we believe that developing and maintaining broad awareness of our products in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving broad acceptance of our products and expanding domestically and internationally. Promotional activities may not generate patient or physician awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the costs and expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote, maintain and protect our brand, we may fail to attract or retain the physician acceptance necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand building efforts, or to achieve the level of brand awareness that is critical for broad adoption of our products. 
 Our competition includes medical device manufacturers in the orthopaedic foot and ankle market. Stryker Corporation is currently the leader in the orthopaedic foot and ankle market and has significant market share following its acquisition of Wright Medical in November 2020. Additional companies operating in the orthopaedic foot and ankle market with products specifically 
 29 

focused on bunion surgery include CrossRoads Extremity Systems, which was acquired in 2022 by DePuy Synthes Products, Inc., a Johnson Johnson subsidiary, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Paragon 28, Inc., In2Bones Global, Inc., a subsidiary of CONMED Corporation, Medartis Holding AG, Novastep Inc., Arthrex, Inc., Fusion Orthopedics, LLC, and Enovis Corporation (formerly Colfax). While foot and ankle product sales represent a relatively small percentage of our larger competitors overall sales, many recognize the growth opportunities in this market and have been active in product additions through both internal development efforts and acquisitions. We also face potential competition from many different sources, including academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. 
 At any time, these competitors and other potential market entrants may develop new products, procedures or treatment alternatives that could render our products obsolete or uncompetitive. In addition, one or more of such competitors may gain a market advantage by developing and patenting competitive products, procedures or treatment alternatives earlier than we can, obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals more rapidly than we can or selling competitive products at prices lower than ours. If medical research were to lead to the discovery of alternative therapies or technologies that improve or cure bunions as an alternative to surgery, such as by natural correction of the unstable joint in the middle of the foot, the use of pharmaceuticals or breakthrough bio-technological innovations or therapies, our profitability could suffer through a reduction in sales or a loss in market share to a competitor. The discovery of methods of prevention or the development of other alternatives to the Lapiplasty Procedure could result in decreased demand for our products and, accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of our current and potential competitors have substantially greater sales and financial resources than we do. These competitors may also have more established distribution networks, a broader offering of products, entrenched relationships with surgeons and distributors or greater experience in launching, marketing, distributing and selling products or treatment alternatives. 
 We also compete with our competitors to hire sales representatives and engage the services of independent sales agencies. In addition, we compete with our competitors in acquiring technologies and technology licenses complementary to our products or procedures or advantageous to our business. If we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or potential competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, and we may not be able to grow at our expected rate, if at all. 
 If we fail to retain our effective direct sales force, sales management and sales specialist teams, it could negatively impact our sales, and we may not generate sufficient revenue to achieve profitability. 
 Our revenue and profitability is directly dependent upon the sales and marketing efforts of our sales management and sales specialist teams. To expand our business, we have built and are continuing to build a substantial direct employee sales force supported by sales management and sales specialist teams. We have made and are continuing to make a significant investment in recruiting and training sales representatives and clinical representatives as we expand our business. There is significant competition for sales personnel experienced in relevant medical device sales. Once hired, the training process is lengthy because it requires significant education for new sales representatives and clinical specialists to achieve the level of clinical competency with our products expected by surgeons. Upon completion of the training, our sales representatives typically require lead time in the field to grow their network of accounts and achieve the productivity levels we expect them to reach in any individual territory. Furthermore, the use of our products often requires or benefits from direct support from us, including through our experienced sales representatives that provide assistance in the operating room. Our future success depends largely on our ability to continue to hire, train, retain and motivate skilled members of our sales management and sales specialist teams with significant technical knowledge in various areas. If we are unable to continue attract, motivate, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel, and if our sales representatives do not achieve the productivity levels we expect them to reach, our revenue will not grow at the rate we expect, and our financial performance will suffer. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from our competitors, we may have to wait until applicable non-competition provisions have expired before deploying such personnel in restricted territories or incur costs to relocate personnel outside of such territories, and we have been in the past, and may be subject to future allegations that these new hires have been improperly solicited, and that they have divulged to us proprietary or other confidential information of their former employers. Additionally, because the market for experienced sales personnel is competitive, our competitors may try to hire our sales personnel away from us. If successful, we would be required to dedicate resources to recruiting, filling and training those vacant positions. Any of these risks may adversely affect our business. 
 Our business plan relies on certain assumptions about the market for our products; however, the size and expected growth of our addressable market has not been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate, and even if the addressable market is as large as we have estimated, we may not be able to capture additional market share. 
 Our estimates of the addressable market for our current products and future products are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates and assumptions, including the prevalence of bunion sufferers and the difficulty of persuading bunion suffers to undergo bunion surgery and specifically the Lapiplasty Procedure. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and our estimates may not be correct. For example, we believe that the aging of the 
 30 

general population and increasingly active lifestyles will continue and that these trends will increase the need for our products and that surgeons and their patients will determine that the Lapiplasty Procedure is appropriate for all severities of bunions, from mild to severe. However, the projected demand for our products could materially differ from actual demand if our assumptions regarding these trends and acceptance of our products by the medical community prove to be incorrect or do not materialize, or if non-surgical treatments or other surgical techniques gain more widespread acceptance as a viable alternative to the Lapiplasty Procedure. In addition, even if the number of bunion sufferers who elect to undergo bunion surgery, and the Lapiplasty Procedure in particular, increases as we expect, technological or medical advances could provide alternatives to address bunion deformities and reduce demand for bunion surgery. As a result, our estimates of the addressable market for our current or future products and procedures may prove to be incorrect. Further, one component of our growth strategy is our direct to patient education program, which we expect will help us educate additional bunion patients about our products and procedures; however, these patient engagements may not be as successful at educating potential surgical candidates as we expect. Thus, even if the total addressable market for our current and future products and procedures is as large as we have estimated, we may not be able to penetrate the existing market to capture additional market share for the reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section. If the actual number of bunion sufferers who would benefit from our products, the price at which we can sell future products or the addressable market for our products is smaller than we estimate, or if the total addressable market is as large as we have estimated but we are unable to capture additional market share, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we cannot innovate at the pace of our competitors, we may not be able to develop or exploit new products or procedures in time to remain competitive. 
 For us to remain competitive, it is essential to develop and bring to market new products and procedures at an increasing speed. If we are unable to meet customer demands for new products and procedures, or if the products and procedures we introduce are viewed less favorably than our competitors products or procedures, our results of operations and future prospects may be negatively affected. To meet our customers needs in these areas, we must continuously design new products, update existing products and invest in and develop and enhance our procedures. Our operating results depend to a significant extent on our ability to anticipate and adapt to technological changes in the bunion and midfoot surgery markets, keep pace with developments and innovations by our competitors and maintain a strong product pipeline. Any inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Product liability lawsuits, warranty claims and quality system problems could harm our business. 
 The manufacture and sale of medical devices exposes us to risk of product liability and warranty claims. While the Company offers a limited warranty and has experienced negligible returns of any products alleged to be defective, we bear the risk of warranty claims on the products we supply. We may not be successful in claiming recovery under any warranty or indemnity provided to us by our suppliers or vendors. In addition, warranty claims brought by our customers related to third-party components may arise after our ability to bring corresponding warranty claims against such suppliers expires, which could result in costs to us. Furthermore, if any of our products become the subject of a product liability claim, legal defenses are costly, regardless of the outcome. Thus, we may experience increased legal expenses as we defend any such matter, and we could incur liabilities associated with adverse outcomes that exceed our insurance coverage. 
 Additionally, we could experience a material design or manufacturing failure in our products, a quality system failure, other safety issues or heightened regulatory scrutiny that would warrant a recall of some of our products. Product liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts and product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 Although we have product liability insurance that we believe is appropriate, this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations. Our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, coverage may not be adequate to protect us against any future product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we could be exposed to significant liabilities. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, such product liability matters may negatively impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage or cost-effective insurance coverage in future periods. 
 The seasonality of our business creates variance in our quarterly revenue, which makes it difficult to compare or forecast our financial results. 
 Our revenue fluctuates on a seasonal basis, which affects the comparability of our results between periods. In particular, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business, with higher sales volumes in the fourth calendar quarter followed by lower sales volumes in the subsequent first calendar quarter. Our sales volumes in fourth calendar quarters tend to 
 31 

be higher as many patients elect to have surgery after meeting their annual deductible and having time to recover over the winter holidays. Our sales volumes in subsequent first calendar quarters tend to be lower as a result of adverse weather and by resetting annual patient healthcare insurance plan deductibles, both of which may cause patients to delay elective procedures. The orthopaedic industry traditionally experiences lower sales volumes in the third quarter than throughout the rest of the year as elective procedures generally decline during the summer months. Although we follow orthopaedic industry trends generally, to date our third quarter sales volumes have not been lower than other quarter, but we may experience relatively lower sales volumes during third quarters in the future. These seasonal variations are difficult to predict accurately, may vary amongst different markets and at times may be entirely unpredictable, which introduce additional risk into our business as we rely upon forecasts of customer demand to build inventory in advance of anticipated sales. In addition, disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic over the past few years and our limited operating history have, in part, made our seasonal patterns more difficult to discern, making it more difficult to predict future seasonal patterns. 
 
 Our revenue is primarily generated from sales of the Lapiplasty System, and we are, therefore, highly dependent on it for our success. 
 Sales of the Lapiplasty System accounted for substantially all of our revenues in prior years and are expected to continue to account for most of our revenue going forward. Our ability to execute our growth strategy and become profitable will therefore depend upon the continuing adoption by surgeons, patients, payors, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities, among others, of the Lapiplasty Procedure to correct bunions. The pace of adoption of the Lapiplasty Procedure may slow, and we may not be able to continue to penetrate the bunion surgery market for the reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section. We cannot ensure that the Lapiplasty Procedure will achieve broad market acceptance among surgeon, patients, payors, hospitals and healthcare facilities. Since our business has a limited product line based primarily on the Lapiplasty Procedure, any slowdown or setback in market adoption of the Lapiplasty Procedure will negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Industry trends have resulted in increased downward pricing pressure on medical services and products, which may affect our ability to sell our products at prices necessary to support our current business strategy. 
 The trend toward health care cost containment through aggregating purchasing decisions and industry consolidation, along with the growth of managed care organizations, is placing increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical therapies. For example: 
 There has been consolidation among health care facilities and purchasers of medical devices, particularly in the United States. One of the results of such consolidation is that group purchasing organizations GPOs ), integrated delivery networks and large single accounts use their market power to consolidate purchasing decisions, which intensifies competition to provide products and services to health care providers and other industry participants, resulting in greater pricing pressures and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. For example, some GPOs negotiate pricing for their member hospitals and require us to discount, hold our price firm for multiple years, or limit our ability to increase prices for certain of our products. In addition, GPOs contracts may also require member hospitals to buy a significant percentage of their products from large, diversified medical device suppliers that offer significant discounts. This means that member hospitals may be obligated to use bunion and midfoot surgery systems from our larger competitors in order to meet the commitment to purchase a certain percentage of the GPO s suppliers from the larger competitor. 

Surgeons increasingly have moved from independent, outpatient practice settings toward employment by hospitals and other larger health care organizations, which aligns surgeons product choices with their employers price sensitivities and adds to pricing pressures. Hospitals and health care facilities have introduced and may continue to introduce new pricing structures into their contracts to contain health care costs, including fixed price formulas, multi-year contracts at fixed pricing, and capitated and construct pricing. 

Certain hospitals provide financial incentives to doctors for reducing hospital costs (known as gainsharing), rewarding physician efficiency (known as physician profiling) and encouraging partnerships with health care service and goods providers to reduce prices. 

Existing and proposed laws, regulations and industry policies, in both domestic and international markets, regulate or seek to increase regulation of sales and marketing practices and the pricing and profitability of companies in the health care industry. 

More broadly, provisions of the ACA could meaningfully change the way health care is developed and delivered in the United States and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. For further discussion of these challenges, refer to Risks Related to Regulatory Matters Changes in health care policy and regulation may have a material adverse effect on us. We cannot predict accurately what health care programs and regulations will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect of any future legislation or regulation in the United States or elsewhere. However, any changes that have the effect of reducing reimbursement for procedures using our products or reducing medical procedure volumes could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any decline in the amount that payors reimburse our customers for our 
 32 

products could make it difficult for customers to either adopt or continue to use our products, and could create additional pricing pressure for us. If we are forced to lower the price we charge for our products, or if we add more components to our systems, our gross margins will decrease, which will adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business. If we are unable to maintain our prices, or if our costs increase and we are unable to offset such increase with an increase in our prices, our margins could erode. 
 In addition, the largest medical device companies with multiple product franchises have increased their effort to leverage and contract broadly with customers across franchises by providing volume discounts and multi-year arrangements that could prevent our access to these customers or make it difficult, or impossible, to compete on price. 
 Our employees and independent contractors, including independent sales representatives and any other consultants, any future service providers and other vendors, may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors, including independent sales agencies and any other consultants, any future commercial collaborators, and other vendors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or other unauthorized activities that violate federal, state or local laws and regulations, as well as the laws, regulations and rules of regulatory bodies such as the FDA; manufacturing standards; U.S. federal and state health care fraud and abuse, data privacy laws and other similar non-U.S. laws; or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or regulations. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and financial results, including, without limitation, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgements, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other U.S. health care programs, other sanctions, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic beginning in 2020. In response to COVID-19 in March 2020, certain states within the United States implemented shelter-in-place rules requiring certain businesses not deemed essential to close and requiring elective procedures to be delayed. Our revenue growth was adversely impacted, particularly by the government-mandated restrictions on elective procedures, from March 2020 through May 2020. Even after government-mandated restrictions on elective surgeries ended, patients continued to delay or forego bunion surgery procedures to avoid hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers and comply with quarantine and/or similar directives from local and national health and government officials. Despite some recovery, this reduction in sales, as compared to original expectations, continued in 2021. Specifically, in the third quarter of 2021, we experienced a softening in the demand for procedures as hospital capacity was constrained as a result of hospital staffing shortages and increased hospitalizations caused by the COVID-19 Delta variant, particularly in Florida, Texas and other areas significantly impacted by COVID-19. In the 2021 fourth quarter and into the 2022 first quarter, we continued to observe elective surgery delays and cancellations and hospital staffing and capacity constraints, primarily related to the surge of infections and hospitalizations from the Omicron variant of COVID-19. While we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic did not materially affect our revenues and results of operation in 2022 and expect for this trend to continue in 2023, it is possible that our revenue growth will in the future be hindered by the pandemic. 
 In addition to reductions in our revenue growth, we have and may continue to experience further business disruptions from the pandemic, including disruptions to our supply chain, independent sales agencies, customers, study enrollment timelines and regulatory processes. There is still uncertainty around the breadth and duration of business disruptions related to COVID-19, as well as its impact on the United States and international economies, especially as more potentially contagious and virulent variants, like Omicron, of the virus are spreading. Our business, revenue growth, financial condition and results of operations have been and could be materially adversely affected by these disruptions related to the COVID pandemic. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has contributed to significant volatility in global financial markets, potentially reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. 
 For additional information regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our company, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations COVID-19 Impact. 
 33 

We rely in part on independent sales agencies to sell our products to our customers, and if we are unable to maintain our network of independent sales agencies, we may not achieve our anticipated revenue growth. 
 We utilize a hybrid sales team with a mix of employee sales personnel and independent sales agencies to sell our products to surgeons, hospitals, clinics and other end users and to assist us in promoting market acceptance of, and creating demand for, our products. If we are unable to come to commercially reasonable terms with a sales agent or agencies, we may not generate the expected level of sales and may need to spend more of our capital resources to hire sales personnel as employees. In addition, there is a risk that a sales agent that we contract with will give higher priority to the products of other medical device companies, including products directly competitive with our products or may be required by larger medical devices companies to stop offering our products. Though we have established initiatives to further focus our independent sales channel on our products, these initiatives may not translate to the increase in sales or penetration which we expect. There can be no assurance that a sales agent will devote the resources necessary to provide effective sales and promotional support to our products. In addition, if an independent sales agency terminates its relationship with us and is retained by one of our competitors, notwithstanding the noncompetition covenants in their contract with us, we may be unable to prevent them from helping competitors solicit business from our existing customers, which could adversely affect our sales. Furthermore, on January 5, 2023, the Federal Trade Commission proposed a rule, which if it becomes final in its current form would require the Company to rescind our non-competes, which would allow our employees and independent sales agents to terminate their engagements and compete with us, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. While we have significantly expanded our employee sales force, we expect that in certain markets we will continue to rely on an independent sales force. 
 Risks Related to Administrative, Organizational and Commercial Operations and Growth 
 If hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other health care facilities do not approve the use of our products, our sales may not increase. 
 In order for surgeons to use our products at hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other health care facilities, we are often required to obtain approval from those hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and health care facilities. Typically, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and health care facilities review the comparative effectiveness and cost of products used in the facility. The makeup and evaluation processes for health care facilities vary considerably, and it can be a lengthy, costly and time-consuming effort to obtain approval by the relevant health care facilities. Additionally, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, other health care facilities and GPOs, which manage purchasing for multiple facilities, may also require us to enter into a purchase agreement and satisfy numerous elements of their administrative procurement process, which can also be a lengthy, costly and time-consuming effort. If we do not obtain access to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other health care facilities in a timely manner, or at all, via their approvals or purchase contract processes, or otherwise, or if we are unable to obtain approvals or secure contracts in a timely manner, or at all, our operating costs will increase, our sales may decrease, and our operating results may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may expend significant efforts on these costly and time-consuming processes but may not be able to obtain necessary approvals or secure a purchase contract from such hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, health care facilities or GPOs. 
 If adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures using our products are not obtained or maintained, surgeons and patients may be reluctant to use our products and our business will suffer. 
 In the United States, health care providers who purchase our products generally rely on third-party payors, principally federally-funded Medicare, state-funded Medicaid and private health insurance plans, to pay for all or a portion of the cost of bunion correction procedures and products utilized in those procedures. We may be unable to sell our products on a profitable basis if third-party payors deny coverage or reduce their current levels of reimbursement for procedures using products of the type we intend to offer. Our sales depend largely on governmental health care programs and private health insurers reimbursing patients medical expenses. Surgeons, hospitals and other health care providers may not purchase our products if they do not receive appropriate reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures using our products. Payors continue to review their coverage policies for existing and new therapies and may deny coverage for treatments that include the use of our products. 
 In addition, some health care providers in the United States have adopted or are considering bundled payment methodologies and/or managed care systems in which the providers contract to provide comprehensive health care for a fixed cost per person. Health care providers may attempt to control costs by authorizing fewer elective surgical procedures, including bunion correction surgeries, or by requiring the use of the least expensive procedure available. In addition, third-party payors increasingly are requiring evidence that medical devices are cost-effective, and if we are unable to meet this requirement, the third-party payor may not reimburse the use of our products, which could reduce sales of our products to health care providers who depend upon reimbursement for payment. Changes in reimbursement policies or health care cost containment initiatives that limit or restrict reimbursement for procedures using our products may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If we experience problems with, or are required to change, our suppliers or manufacturers, we may be unable to meet customer orders for our products in a timely manner or within our budget. 
 34 

For us to be successful, our suppliers must be able to provide us with products and components in substantial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, in accordance with agreed upon specifications, at acceptable costs and on a timely basis. An interruption in our commercial operations could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these components, and if we cannot then obtain an acceptable substitute. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for the components used in our products. Our suppliers may encounter manufacturing problems for a variety of reasons, including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, equipment malfunctions and environmental factors, failure to properly conduct their own business affairs, and infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our supply requirements. Our suppliers may also not prioritize the production of our products compared to the suppliers larger customers so we may experience longer delays in receiving our requested orders. 
 If we are required to transition to new third-party suppliers for certain components of our products, the use of components or materials furnished by these alternative suppliers could require us to alter our operations. Any such interruption or alteration could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, if we are required to change the manufacturer of a critical component of our Lapiplasty System or other products, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities, procedures and operations that comply with our quality standards and applicable regulatory requirements, which could further impede our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner. Transitioning to a new supplier could be time-consuming and expensive, may result in interruptions in our operations and product delivery, could affect the performance specifications of our products or could require that we modify the design of those products. A change in manufacturer could trigger the requirement to submit and obtain a new 510(k) clearance from the FDA, or similar international regulatory authorization before we implement the change, which could cause substantial delays. The occurrence of any of these events could harm our ability to meet the demand for our products in a timely manner or cost-effectively. 
 We cannot assure you that any need to change suppliers or manufacturers will not cause interruptions in our ability to meet customer demand for our products. For example, if we should encounter delays or difficulties in securing, reconfiguring or revalidating the equipment and components we require for our Lapiplasty Systems and other products, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 We may be unable to continue to successfully demonstrate to surgeons or key opinion leaders the merits of our products and technologies compared to those of our competitors, which may make it difficult to establish our products and technologies as a standard of care and achieve market acceptance. 
 Surgeons play the primary role in determining the course of treatment and, ultimately, the type of products that will be used to treat a patient. As a result, our success depends, in large part, on our ability to effectively market and demonstrate to foot and ankle surgeons the merits of our products and methodologies compared to those of our competitors. Acceptance of our products and methodologies depends on educating surgeons as to the distinctive characteristics, clinical benefits, safety and cost-effectiveness of the Lapiplasty Procedure, including the Mini-Incision, Micro-Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty procedures, and our other products and technologies as compared to those of our competitors, and on training surgeons in the proper use of our products. If we are not successful in convincing surgeons of the merits of our products and methodologies or educating them on the use of our products, they may not use our products or may not use them effectively, and we may be unable to increase our sales, sustain our growth or achieve and achieve profitability. 
 Also, since the Lapiplasty Procedure, including the minimally invasive variations, and the Adductoplasty Procedure, are relatively new procedures, some surgeons may be reluctant to change their surgical treatment practices for the following reasons, among others: 
 lack of experience with our products and procedures; 

existing relationships with competitors and distributors that sell competitive products; 

lack or perceived lack of evidence supporting additional patient benefits; 

perceived liability risks generally associated with the use of new products and procedures; 

less attractive availability of coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors compared to procedures using competitive products and other techniques; 

costs associated with the purchase of new products and equipment; and 

the time commitment that may be required for training. 

These reasons may affect the pace of adoption of the Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Procedures and future products and techniques that we may offer. 
 35 

In addition, we believe recommendations and support of our products and technologies by influential surgeons and key opinion leaders in our industry are essential for market acceptance and establishment of our products and procedures as a standard of care. If we do not continue to receive support from such surgeons and key opinion leaders, if long-term data does not continue to show the benefits of using our products and procedures, or if the benefits offered by our products and procedures are no longer deemed sufficient to justify their cost, surgeons, hospitals and other health care facilities may not use or continue to use our products, and we might be unable to establish our products and procedures as a standard of care and continue to achieve market acceptance. 
 Our inability to maintain contractual relationships with health care professionals could have a negative impact on our research and development and medical education programs. 
 We maintain contractual relationships with respected physicians and medical personnel in hospitals, private practice and universities who assist in clinical studies, product research and development and in the training of surgeons on the safe and effective use of our products (refer to Business Product Development and our Surgeon Advisory Board ). We continue to place emphasis on the validation of the benefits of the Lapiplasty Procedure, the Lapiplasty Mini-Incision System and Adductoplasty system, through clinical studies, the development of proprietary products and product improvements to develop our product lines as well as providing high quality training on those products. If we are unable to maintain these relationships, our ability to develop and market new and improved products and train on the use of those products could decrease, and future operating results could be unfavorably affected. At the same time, the medical device industry s relationship with physicians is under increasing scrutiny by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General OIG ), the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), the state attorneys general and other foreign and domestic government agencies. Our failure to comply with requirements governing the industry s relationships with physicians or an investigation into our compliance by the OIG, the DOJ, state attorneys general and other government agencies, could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Refer to Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulatory Matters Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors are subject to federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and other health care laws and regulations. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, service providers, or vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 If surgeons fail to use our products safely and appropriately use our products, or if we are unable to train podiatrists and orthopaedic surgeons on the safe and appropriate use of our products, we may be unable to achieve our expected sales, growth or profitability. 
 An important part of our sales process includes our ability to screen for and identify podiatrists and orthopaedic surgeons who have the requisite training and experience to safely and appropriately use our products and to train a sufficient number of these surgeons and to provide them with adequate instruction in use of our products. There is a training process involved for surgeons to become proficient in the safe and appropriate use of our products. This training process may take longer or be more expensive than expected and may therefore affect our ability to increase sales. Convincing surgeons to dedicate the time and energy necessary for adequate training is challenging, and we may not be successful in these efforts. Evolving federal guidance regarding medical education programs under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute also could limit our ability to train podiatrists and orthopaedic surgeons, and such programs could be subject to challenge under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Refer to Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulatory Matters Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors are subject to federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and other health care laws and regulations. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, service providers, or vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. Furthermore, if clinicians are not properly trained, they may misuse or ineffectively use our products. Any improper use of our products may result in unsatisfactory outcomes, patient injury, negative publicity or lawsuits against us, any of which could harm our reputation and affect future product sales. Accordingly, if surgeons fail to safely and appropriately use our products or if we are unable to train surgeons on the safe and appropriate use of our products, we may be unable to achieve our expected sales, growth or profitability. 
 Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived issues with the Lapiplasty Procedure or our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our direct-to-patient outreach program, focused on educating patients on the clinical advantages of the Lapiplasty Procedure and generating brand awareness, is a key aspect of our commercial strategy and is important to achieving widespread acceptance of the Lapiplasty Procedure, particularly since we are seeking to change the standard of care away from traditional bunion surgical techniques. We provide direct-to-patient education through social media as well as digital and traditional marketing channels. These brand promotion activities may not yield increased sales and, even if they do, any sales increases may not offset the expenses we incur to promote our brand. Our future success depends upon increased surgeon and patient demand for our products, resulting in part from patient requests for the Lapiplasty Procedure, positive patient word-of-mouth, and patient feedback on social media that their experience with the Lapiplasty Procedure met their expectations. The Lapiplasty Procedure is surgery, and as with any surgery, patients will have a recovery period and may experience complications, and individual outcomes will vary. Patients may be dissatisfied if their expectations about the surgery, recovery process and results, among other things, are not met. Dissatisfied patients 
 36 

may express negative opinions to the press or through social media. Any failure to meet patient expectations and any resulting negative publicity could harm our reputation and future sales. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our Lapiplasty solution and other products, or if we incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, our Lapiplasty solution and other products may not continue to be accepted by physicians or patients, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The loss of any member on our executive management team or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled members of our sales management and marketing teams and engineers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends on the skills, experience and performance of the members of our executive management team and John T. Treace, our founder and chief executive officer, in particular. The individual and collective efforts of these executives will be important as we continue to commercialize our existing products, develop new products and technologies and expand our commercial activities. The loss or incapacity of existing members of our executive management team could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we experience difficulties in hiring qualified successors. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or key employees. 
 Our commercial, quality and research and development programs and operations depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled team members. We may be unable to attract or retain qualified team members. All of our employees are at-will, which means that either we or the employee may terminate his or her employment at any time. The loss of key employees, failure of any key employee to perform, our inability to attract and retain skilled employees, as needed, or our inability to effectively plan for and implement a succession plan for key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Performance issues, service interruptions or price increases by shipping carriers could adversely affect our business and harm our reputation and ability to provide our products on a timely basis. 
 Expedited, reliable shipping of our kits is important to our operations. We rely on providers of transport services for reliable and secure point-to-point transport of our products to our customers and sales representatives and for tracking of these shipments. Should a carrier encounter delivery performance issues such as loss, damage or destruction of our products, it would be costly to replace our products in a timely manner and could cause surgeries using our products to be delayed or canceled, and such occurrences may damage our reputation and lead to decreased demand for our products and increased cost and expense to our business. In addition, any significant increase in shipping rates could adversely affect our operating margins and results of operations. Similarly, strikes, severe weather, natural disasters or other service interruptions affecting delivery services we use would adversely affect our ability to process orders for our products on a timely basis. 
 Any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Historically, all of our sales have been to customers in the United States. To the extent we enter into international markets in the future, there are significant costs and risks inherent in conducting business in international markets. If we expand, or attempt to expand, into foreign markets, we will be subject to new business risks, in addition to regulatory risks. In addition, expansion into foreign markets imposes additional burdens on our executive and administrative personnel, finance and legal teams, research and marketing teams and general managerial resources. 
 We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in new markets. We may also encounter difficulty expanding into international markets because of limited brand recognition in certain parts of the world, leading to delayed acceptance of our products by surgeons and their patients, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and payors in these international markets. If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of international operations successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our efforts to introduce our products into foreign markets are not successful, we may have expended significant resources without realizing the expected benefit. Ultimately, the investment required for expansion into foreign markets could exceed the results of operations generated from this expansion. 
 37 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If our patents and other intellectual property rights do not adequately protect our products, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and we may be unable to gain significant market share and be unable to operate our business profitably. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain, maintain and solidify a proprietary position for our products, which will depend on our success in obtaining and maintaining effective intellectual property protection, including through patents, trade secrets, copyrights, know-how, trademarks, license agreements and contractual provisions to establish our intellectual property rights and protect our products. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection and may not completely protect our rights. Any failure to continue to obtain or maintain patent and other intellectual property protection with respect to our products could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio included 39 owned U.S. patents, one licensed U.S. patent, 46 pending U.S. patent applications, 10 granted foreign patents, four pending international PCT patent applications, and 25 pending foreign patent applications. We cannot assure you that our intellectual property position will not be challenged or that all patents for which we have applied will be granted. The validity and breadth of claims in patents involve complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, may be highly uncertain. Uncertainties and risks that we face include the following: 
 our pending or future patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents; 

the scope of any existing or future patent protection may not exclude competitors or provide competitive advantages to us; 

our patents may not be held valid or enforceable if subsequently challenged; 

other parties may claim that our products and designs infringe the proprietary rights of others even if we are successful in defending our patents and proprietary rights, the cost of such litigation may adversely affect our business; and 

other parties may develop similar products, duplicate our products, or design around our patents. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek and obtain patent protection. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our developments before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Furthermore, our ability to continue to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends in part on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow our inventions to be patented over the prior art. Furthermore, the publication of discoveries in scientific literature often lags behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until eighteen (18) months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, most countries outside of the United States do not allow patents for methods of treating the human body. This may preclude us from obtaining method patents outside of the United States having similar scope to those we have obtained or may obtain in the future in the United States. This includes certain key method patents covering the Lapiplasty Procedure. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 
 Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO or patent offices in foreign jurisdictions, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allowing third parties to commercialize our technology and compete directly with us, without payment to us. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical products and techniques, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology. 
 38 

We also rely on trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary technology. There can be no assurances that we can meaningfully protect our rights in our unpatented proprietary technology or that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary products or processes or otherwise gain access to our proprietary technology. We seek to protect our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, in part, with confidentiality agreements with employees and consultants that include customary intellectual property assignment obligations. There can be no assurances, however, that the agreements will not be breached, adequate remedies for any breach would be available or competitors will not discover our trade secrets or independently develop comparable intellectual property. 
 Continuing to obtain and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on issued patents often must be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies over the lifetime of the patent and/or applications and any patent rights we may obtain in the future. While an unintentional lapse of a patent or patent application can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our products, we may not be able to stop a competitor from marketing products that are the same as or similar to our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 If we were to lose intellectual property lawsuits, our intellectual property rights would be impaired and, if we were found to impair the intellectual property rights of others, a court could require us to pay significant damages and/or prevent us from selling our products. 
 The medical device industry is litigious with respect to patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the medical device industry have used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. We have brought in the past and may in the future bring lawsuits alleging that certain third parties are infringing our intellectual property rights and may in the future become a defendant in lawsuits or administrative proceedings alleging that we have infringed on another party's patents or other intellectual property or challenging our intellectual property rights. A legal proceeding, regardless of the outcome, could drain our financial resources and divert the time and effort of our management. Protracted litigation to defend or prosecute our intellectual property rights could result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of the affected products until resolution of the litigation. 
 While we are aware of several third-party patents of interest, we do not believe that any of our products infringe any valid claims of patents or other proprietary rights held by others. However, there can be no assurances that we do not infringe any patents or other proprietary rights held by third parties. Litigation may also be necessary to defend infringement claims of third parties or to enforce patent rights we hold or to protect trade secrets or techniques we own. Moreover, because patent applications can take many years to issue and because publication schedules for pending applications vary by jurisdiction, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware and which may result in issued patents which our current or future products infringe. Also, because the claims of published patent applications can change between publication and patent grant, there may be published patent applications that may ultimately issue with claims that we infringe. 
 If our products were found to infringe any proprietary right of another party, we could be required to pay significant damages and/or cease production, marketing and distribution of those products to obtain a license from such third party to continue selling, developing and marketing our products and techniques. We may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The acquisition or licensing of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and our competitors may pursue strategies to acquire or license third party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of the relevant products or redesign those products that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a 
 39 

similar negative impact on our business. Intellectual property litigation may lead to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation and causes the market price of our common shares to decline. 
 Because competition in our industry is intense, competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our issued patents, patents of our licensors or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we have filed and may in the future file additional infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims or file administrative actions against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding or administrative action could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Our competitors may assert invalidity on various grounds, including lack of novelty, obviousness or that we were not the first applicant to file a patent application related to our product. We may elect to enter into license agreements to settle patent infringement claims or to resolve disputes before litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other fees that could be significant. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 
 Our competitors, many of which have made substantial investments in patent portfolios, trade secrets, trademarks and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for or obtain, patents or trademarks that may prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use, sell and/or export our products or to use our technologies or product names. Moreover, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred to as patent trolls, purchase patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters, notices or invitations to license, or may be the subject of claims that our products and business operations infringe, violate or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of others. The defense of these matters can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand and cause us to incur significant expenses or make substantial payments. 
 If we fail to execute invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors involved in the development of intellectual property or are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our products and our business and competitive position could be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we also rely on protection of copyright, trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. We generally enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties upon their commencement of a relationship with us. However, we may not enter into such agreements with all employees, consultants and third parties who have been involved in the development of our intellectual property. In addition, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection against the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or other confidential information, and adequate remedies may not exist if unauthorized use or disclosure were to occur. The exposure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, a failure to protect our proprietary rights may allow competitors to copy our products and procedures, which could adversely affect our pricing and market share. Further, other parties may independently develop substantially equivalent know-how and technology. 
 In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, trade secret violations are often a matter of state law, and the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. While we have agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties that obligate them to assign their inventions to us, these agreements may not be self-executing, not all employees or consultants may enter into such agreements, or employees or consultants may breach or violate the terms of these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation. If our intellectual property or confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 40 

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest, and our competitive position may be harmed. 
 We rely on our trademarks, trade names and brand names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. There can be no assurance that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further, there can be no assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. We also license third parties to use our trademarks. In an effort to preserve our trademark rights, we enter into license agreements with these third parties, which govern the use of our trademarks and require our licensees to abide by quality control standards with respect to the goods and services that they provide under our trademarks. Although we make efforts to monitor the use of our trademarks by our licensees, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be sufficient to ensure that our licensees abide by the terms of their licenses. In the event that our licensees fail to do so, our trademark rights could be diluted. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Patent terms may not be sufficient to effectively protect our products and business for an adequate period of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a utility patent is generally 20 years after its first effective non-provisional filing date. Although various extensions may be available, the term of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our proprietary technologies and their uses are obtained, once the patent has expired, we may be open to competition. In addition, although upon issuance in the United States a patent s term can be extended based on certain delays caused by the USPTO, this extension can be reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. If we do not have sufficient patent terms to protect our products, proprietary technologies and their uses, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 Changes in U.S. patent laws may limit our ability to obtain, defend and/or enforce our patents. 
 Patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act Leahy-Smith Act included a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and also affect patent litigation. The USPTO has developed regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, which became effective in 2013. The first to file provisions limit the rights of an inventor to patent an invention if not the first to file an application for patenting that invention, even if such invention was the first invention. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement and defense of our issued patents. 
 The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way U.S. patent applications are prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by the USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. Therefore, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation has increased the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. In addition, future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO could cause the laws and regulations governing patents to change in unpredictable ways. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We have limited intellectual property rights outside the United States. Filing, prosecuting, enforcing, and defending patents or trademarks on our products and any future products in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This could make it difficult for us to stop infringement of our foreign patents, if obtained, or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, some foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, some countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and any future products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing in these jurisdictions. 
 41 

Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 
 Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of our intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees have misappropriated the intellectual property of a third party, including trade secrets or know-how, or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors and third parties may claim an ownership interest in intellectual property we regard as our own. 
 Many of our employees and consultants were previously employed at or engaged by other medical device companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees, consultants and contractors may have executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the intellectual property, proprietary information, know-how or trade secrets of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have, inadvertently or otherwise, misappropriated the intellectual property or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information, of these former employers, competitors or other third parties. Additionally, we may be subject to claims from third parties challenging our ownership interest in or inventorship of intellectual property we regard as our own, for example, based on claims that our agreements with employees or consultants obligating them to assign intellectual property to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations to assign inventions to another employer, to a former employer, or to another person or entity. Litigation may be necessary to defend against claims, and it may be necessary or we may desire to enter into a license to settle any such claim; however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If our defense to those claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, a court could prohibit us from using technologies, features or other intellectual property that are essential to our products, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of the former employers. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management. Any litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent sales representatives. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to substantial government regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our products are regulated as medical devices. The development, testing, manufacture, distribution and marketing of our products are subject to extensive regulation and review by numerous governmental authorities. U.S. regulations govern the design, development, testing, clinical trials, premarket clearance and approval, safety, marketing and registration of new medical devices, in addition to regulating manufacturing practices, reporting, labeling, relationships with health care professionals and recordkeeping procedures. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in these governmental authorities: 
 issuing warning letters or untitled letters; 

imposing fines and penalties on us; 

preventing us from manufacturing or selling our products; 

bringing civil or criminal charges against us; 

delaying the introduction of our new products into the market; 

recalling or seizing our products; or 

withdrawing, suspending or denying approvals or clearances for our products. 

Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors are subject to federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and other health care laws and regulations. If we or our sales representatives and other employees, independent contractors, consultants, or vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 42 

Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors are subject to federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and other health care laws and regulations. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of health care items and services is subject to extensive laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive and other business arrangements. The U.S. health care laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully, offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that may be alleged to be intended to induce the purchases or recommendations, include any payments of more than fair market value, may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal government programs that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government, including federal health care programs. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA which created new federal civil and criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, health care benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the government information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) , certain non-physician practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiologist assistants and certified nurse midwives), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

state and foreign equivalents of each of the health care laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope including, without limitation, state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving health care items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party payors, including private insurers, or that apply regardless of payor; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; state laws that require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other health care providers, marketing expenditures; and state and local laws requiring the registration of device sales and medical representatives. Greater scrutiny of marketing practices in the medical device industry has resulted in numerous government investigations by various government authorities, and this industry-wide enforcement activity is expected to continue. The shifting regulatory environment, along with the requirement to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different and difficult compliance and reporting requirements, increases the possibility that we may run afoul of one or more laws. The costs to comply with these regulatory requirements are becoming more expensive and will also impact our profitability. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities, patient outreach programs or our arrangements with physicians, independent sales agencies and customers could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is not always possible to identify and deter 
 43 

employee misconduct or business noncompliance, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable health care laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other health care laws and regulations. 
 If we or our sales representatives, other employees, agents, independent contractors, consultants, and vendors violate these laws, we may be subject to investigations, enforcement actions and/or significant penalties, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We may not receive, or may be delayed in receiving, the necessary clearances or approvals for our future products or modifications to our current products, and failure to timely obtain necessary clearances or approvals for our future products or modifications to our current products would adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 In the United States, before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, new claim for or significant modification to an existing product, we must first receive either clearance under Section 510(k) of the FDCA or approval of a PMA, from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k) clearance process, before a device may be marketed, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally-marketed predicate device, which includes a device that has been previously cleared through the 510(k) process, a device that was legally marketed before May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device), a device that was originally on the U.S. market pursuant to an approved PMA and later down-classified, or a 510(k)-exempt device. To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data are sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. In the process of obtaining PMA approval, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data. The PMA process is typically required for devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. To date, our Class II devices have received marketing authorization pursuant to the 510(k) clearance process. 
 Modifications to products that are approved through a PMA application generally require FDA approval. Similarly, certain modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require a new 510(k) clearance. Both the PMA and the 510(k) clearance process can be expensive, lengthy and uncertain. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months, but can last longer. The process of obtaining a PMA is much more costly and uncertain than the 510(k) clearance process and generally takes from one to three years, or even longer, from the time the application is submitted to the FDA, and generally requires the performance of one or more clinical trials. Despite the time, effort and cost, a device may not be approved or cleared by the FDA. Any delay or failure to obtain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals could harm our business. Furthermore, even if we are granted regulatory clearances or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses for the device, which may limit the market for the device. 
 
 We have made modifications to 510(k)-cleared products in the past and have determined based on our review of the applicable FDA regulations and guidance that in certain instances new 510(k) clearances or PMA approvals were not required. We may make modifications or add additional features in the future that we believe do not require a new 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA. If the FDA disagrees with our determination and requires us to submit new 510(k) notifications or PMA applications for modifications to our previously cleared products for which we have concluded that new clearances or approvals are unnecessary, we may be required to cease marketing or to recall the modified product until we obtain clearance or approval, and we may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. If the FDA requires us to go through a lengthier, more rigorous examination for future products or modifications to existing products than we had expected, product introductions or modifications could be delayed or canceled, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance or approval of a device for many reasons, including: 
 our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or the applicable regulatory entity or notified body that our products are safe or effective for their intended uses; 

the disagreement of the FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory body with the design or implementation of our clinical trials or the interpretation of data from pre-clinical studies or clinical trials; 

serious and unexpected adverse device effects experienced by participants in our clinical trials; 

44 

our inability to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of the device outweigh the risks; 

the manufacturing process or facilities we use may not meet applicable requirements; and 

the potential for approval policies or regulations of the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory bodies to change significantly in a manner rendering our clinical data or regulatory filings insufficient for clearance or approval. 

Failure to comply with post-marketing regulatory requirements could subject us to enforcement actions, including substantial penalties, and might require us to recall or withdraw a product from the market. 
 Even though we have obtained clearance for our Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems and other products in the United States, we are subject to ongoing and pervasive regulatory requirements governing, among other things, the manufacture, marketing, advertising, medical device reporting, sale, promotion, import, export, registration and listing of devices. For example, we must submit periodic reports to the FDA as a condition of 510(k) clearance. These reports include information about failures and certain adverse events associated with the device after its clearance. Failure to submit such reports, or failure to submit the reports in a timely manner, could result in enforcement action by the FDA. Following its review of the periodic reports, the FDA might ask for additional information or initiate further investigation. In addition, any marketing authorizations we are granted are limited to the cleared indications for use. Further, the manufacturing facilities for a product are subject to periodic review and inspection. Subsequent discovery of problems with a product, manufacturer, or manufacturing facility may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or manufacturing facility, withdrawal of the product from the market or other enforcement actions. 
 The regulations to which we are subject are complex and have become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in restrictions on our ability to continue or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs, or lower than anticipated sales. Plus regulators such as the FDA and other state and foreign regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA, state or foreign regulatory authorities, which may include any of the following sanctions: 
 untitled letters or warning letters; 

fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

recalls, termination of distribution, administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

customer notifications or repair, replacement, or refunds; 

operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

delays in or refusal to grant our requests for future clearances or approvals or foreign marketing authorizations of new products, new intended uses or modifications to existing products; 

withdrawals or suspensions of our current 510(k) clearances, resulting in prohibitions on sales of our products; 

FDA refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries; and 

criminal prosecution. 

Any of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Legislative or regulatory reforms may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 From time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulation of medical devices. In addition to new government regulations, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations or take other actions, which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our future products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently cleared products on a timely basis. Furthermore, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. For example, on February 23, 2022, the FDA issued a proposed rule to amend the QSR, which establishes current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical device manufacturers, to align more closely with the International Organization for Standardization standards. This proposal has not yet been finalized or adopted. Accordingly, it is unclear the extent to which this or any other proposals, if adopted, could impose additional or different regulatory requirements on us that could increase the costs of compliance or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business. Any new statutes, regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of any future products or make it more difficult to obtain clearance or approval for, manufacture, market or distribute our products. We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted 
 45 

may have on our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things, require additional testing before obtaining clearance or approval; changes to manufacturing methods; recall, replacement or discontinuance of our products; or additional record keeping. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 In addition, in response to perceived increases in health care costs, in recent years there have been and continue to be proposals by the federal government, state governments, regulators and third-party payors to control these costs and, more generally, to reform the U.S. health care system. Certain of these proposals could limit the prices we will be able to charge for our products or the amount of reimbursement available for our products and could limit the acceptance and availability of our products. See Part I, Item 1. Business Government Regulation. The expansion in the government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may result in decreased profits to us, lower reimbursement by payors for procedures using our products, and/or reduced medical procedure volumes, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our products must be manufactured in accordance with federal and state quality regulations and are subject to FDA inspection, and our failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines, product recalls, product liability claims, limits on future product clearances, reputational damage and other adverse impacts. 
 The methods used in, and the facilities used for, the manufacture of our products must comply with the FDA s QSR which is a complex regulatory scheme that covers the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, process controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, handling, storage, distribution, installation, servicing and shipping of medical devices. Furthermore, we are required to verify that our suppliers maintain facilities, procedures and operations that comply with our quality standards and applicable regulatory requirements. The FDA enforces the QSR through periodic announced or unannounced inspections of medical device manufacturing facilities, which may include the facilities of subcontractors. Our products are also subject to similar state regulations. 
 We or our third-party manufacturers may not take the necessary steps to comply with applicable regulations, which could cause delays in the delivery of our products. In addition, failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements or later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products or manufacturing processes could result in, among other things: (i) warning letters or untitled letters; (ii) fines, injunctions or civil penalties; (iii) suspension or withdrawal of approvals or clearances; (iv) customer notifications or repair, replacement, refunds, detention, seizures or recalls of our products; (v) total or partial suspension of production or distribution; (vi) administrative or judicially imposed sanctions; (vii) the FDA s refusal to grant pending or future clearances or approvals for our products; (viii) clinical holds; (ix) refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and (x) criminal prosecution of us or our employees. Any of these actions could significantly and negatively impact supply of our products. If any of these events occur, our reputation could be harmed, we could be exposed to product liability claims, and we could lose customers and suffer reduced revenue and increased costs. 
 The misuse or off-label use of our products may harm our reputation in the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to product liability suits or result in costly investigations, fines or sanctions by regulatory bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of these uses, any of which could be costly to our business. 
 Our currently marketed products are either Class II medical devices cleared by the FDA for specific indications or they are Class I exempt for general orthopaedic use. For example, our Lapiplasty plating system has been cleared by the FDA for use in stabilization of fresh fractures, revision procedures, joint fusion and reconstruction of small bones of the feet. We train our marketing personnel and sales representatives to not promote our devices for uses outside of the FDA-authorized indications for use, known as off-label uses. We cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our devices off-label, when in the physician s independent professional medical judgment, he or she deems it appropriate. There may be increased risk of injury to patients if physicians attempt to use our devices off-label. Furthermore, the use of our devices for indications other than those cleared by the FDA or approved by any foreign regulatory body (to the extent our products are cleared for use outside the United States in the future) may not effectively treat such conditions, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. 
 If the FDA determines that our promotional materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance or imposition of an untitled letter, which is used for violators that do not necessitate a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. We could face similar consequences from action by foreign regulatory bodies if we should offer our products outside the United States. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action under other regulatory authority, such as false claims laws, if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including, but not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government health care programs and the curtailment of our operations. 
 46 

In addition, physicians may misuse our products or use improper techniques if they are not adequately trained, potentially leading to injury and an increased risk of product liability. If our devices are misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation by our customers or their patients. As described above, product liability claims could divert management s attention from our core business, be expensive to defend and result in sizeable damage awards against us that may not be covered by insurance. 
 Our products may cause or contribute to adverse medical events or be subject to failures or malfunctions that we are required to report to the FDA, and if we fail to do so, we would be subject to sanctions that could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The discovery of serious safety issues with our products, or a recall of our products either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another governmental authority, could have a negative impact on us. 
 We are subject to the FDA s medical device reporting regulations, which require us to report to the FDA when we receive or become aware of information that reasonably suggests that one or more of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that, if the malfunction were to recur, it could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. The timing of our obligation to report is triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the event. We may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed timeframe. We may also fail to recognize that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of the product. If we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, the FDA could take action, including warning letters, untitled letters, administrative actions, criminal prosecution, imposition of civil monetary penalties, revocation of our device clearance or approval, seizure of our products or delay in clearance or approval of future products. 
 The FDA and foreign regulatory bodies have the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture of a product or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. The FDA s authority to require a recall must be based on a finding that there is reasonable probability that the device could cause serious injury or death. We may also choose to voluntarily recall a product if any material deficiency is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing defects, labeling or design deficiencies, packaging defects or other deficiencies or failures to comply with applicable regulations. Product defects or other errors may occur in the future. 
 Depending on the corrective action we take to redress a product s deficiencies or defects, the FDA may require, or we may decide, that we will need to obtain new clearances or approvals for the device before we may market or distribute the corrected device. Seeking such clearances or approvals may delay our ability to replace the recalled devices in a timely manner. Moreover, if we do not adequately address problems associated with our devices, we may face additional regulatory enforcement actions, including FDA warning letters, product seizure, injunctions, administrative penalties or civil or criminal fines. 
 Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls and corrections, even if they are not reportable to the FDA. We may initiate voluntary withdrawals or corrections for our products in the future that we determine do not require notification of the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, it could require us to report those actions as recalls, and we may be subject to enforcement action. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers, potentially lead to product liability claims against us and negatively affect our sales. In addition, we have had in the past, and may in the future, reports of adverse events associated with the Lapiplasty Procedure. While inherent in the medical device and surgical industry, frequent adverse events can lead to reputational harm and negatively affect our sales. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business and may harm our reputation and financial results. 
 The clinical study process is lengthy and expensive with uncertain outcomes. We have limited long-term data regarding the safety and efficacy of our products. Results of earlier studies may not be predictive of future clinical trial results, or the safety or efficacy profile for such products. 
 Clinical studies can be difficult to design and implement, can take many years, can be expensive and carry uncertain outcomes. We have conducted multiple post-market clinical outcome studies that we believe are unique in the bunion correction field and are a key element of our medical education program. Among other studies, we currently have three prospective, multicenter, post-market studies underway: (i) the ALIGN3D clinical study designed to evaluate outcomes of the Lapiplasty Procedure, which has completed enrollment with 173 patients; (ii) the Mini3D study designed to evaluate outcomes of the Lapiplasty Procedure using Lapiplasty Mini-Incision System, which is still enrolling patients; and (iii) the MTA3D Clinical Study designed to evaluate outcomes of the combined Adductoplasty and Lapiplasty Procedures for patients in need of metatarsus adductus and hallux valgus corrective surgery, which is also still enrolling patients. Each of these studies has a primary effectiveness endpoint of twenty-four months. It takes time to enroll patients and to evaluate outcomes 24 months after surgery. Furthermore, after these studies are completed at the 24-month 
 47 

endpoint, data about outcomes for periods longer than 24 months after the Lapiplasty surgery will not yet be available, limiting comparability with traditional surgical approaches for bunions that have longer term data about their outcomes. 
 While we have reported positive interim results in our ALIGN3D post-market clinical studies, we cannot guarantee our post-market clinical studies, or any other clinical study we may conduct or sponsor in the future, will be successful or will otherwise generate data that support the performance of our products. Our post-market clinical studies are subject to oversight by the institutional review board at the medical institutions where the clinical studies are conducted. We rely also, and in the future may continue to rely upon, on contract research organizations CROs ), and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical studies and while we have agreements governing their committed activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance. To the extent our collaborators or the CROs fail to enroll participants for our clinical studies, fail to conduct the study to required good clinical practice standards or are delayed for a significant time in the execution of studies, including achieving full enrollment, we may be affected by increased costs, program delays or both. 
 The initiation and completion of any of clinical studies may be prevented, delayed or halted for numerous reasons, which could adversely affect the costs, timing or successful completion of our clinical studies. Patient enrollment in clinical studies and completion of patient follow-up depend on many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the study protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the clinical study, patient compliance, and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new treatments that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. If the clinical studies do not continue to show positive outcomes from our products, adoption of our products may slow, and our business, financial condition and prospects may be significantly harmed. 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We and our service providers may be subject to federal, state and foreign data protection laws and regulations (i.e., laws and regulations that address data privacy and security). In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which is discussed below), that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our services providers. We may also be subject to U.S. federal rules, regulations and guidance concerning data security for medical devices, including guidance from the FDA. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to significant penalties if we obtain, use or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity or business associate in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. The regulatory framework for data privacy and security worldwide is continuously evolving and developing and, as a result, interpretation and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. 
 Certain states have also adopted comparable privacy and security laws and regulations, some of which may be more stringent than HIPAA. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. In addition, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA on June 28, 2018, which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA creates individual privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA recently passed in California. The CPRA significantly amends the CCPA and imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The majority of the provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA, the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. For example, according to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The 
 48 

FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. 
 As our operations and business grow, we may become subject to or affected by rapidly evolving data protection laws, rules and regulations in foreign jurisdictions. For example, there are also extensive data protection laws and regulations in effect in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom that are actively enforced in those jurisdictions. To the extent we are obligated to comply with such data protection laws and regulations and we fail to do so, we may be the subject of litigation, government investigations and enforcement actions, claims by third parties and/or adverse publicity, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. These and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. Because the interpretation and application of laws, regulations, standards and other obligations relating to data privacy and security are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, regulations, standards and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data processing practices and policies or the features of our products. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, public censure, other claims and penalties, and significant costs for remediation and damage to our reputation, we could be materially and adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our data processing practices and policies or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner, or at all. Any inability to adequately address data privacy or security-related concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, standards and other obligations relating to data privacy and security, could result in additional cost and liability to us, harm our reputation and brand, damage our relationships with consumers and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We make public statements about our use and disclosure of personal information through our privacy policies, information provided on our website and press statements. Although we endeavor to comply with our public statements and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Any concerns about our data privacy and security practices, even if unfounded, could damage the reputation of our business and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, our contractual obligations and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another or other legal obligations with which we must comply. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our employees, representatives, contractors, consultants, collaborators or other third parties to comply with such requirements or adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, if our practices are not consistent, or viewed as not consistent, with legal and regulatory requirements, including changes in laws, regulations and standards or new interpretations or applications of existing laws, regulations and standards, we may also become subject to audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, criminal or civil sanctions, all of which may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control or are related in complex ways, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and results of operations; 

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 

the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

49 

changes in analysts estimates, investors perceptions, recommendations by securities analysts or our failure to achieve analysts estimates; 

sales of our common stock by us, our insiders, or other stockholders as well as the anticipation of expiration of market standoff or lock-up releases; 

delays or setbacks in the ongoing commercialization of our Lapiplasty System and other products; 

changes in the structure of health care payment systems; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the commencement of litigation or governmental investigations; 

announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

the trading volume of our common stock; 

the impact of COVID-19 or other pandemics on the performance of elective procedures; 

market conditions in the medical device sectors; 

the seasonality of our business; 

an increase in the rate of returns of our Lapiplasty System Kits or an increase in warranty claims; 

general economic, industry and market conditions; and 

the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for medical device companies in particular, has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Further, the stock market in general has been highly volatile due to inflation, interest rate increases, supply chain disruptions, general economic conditions, and the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our stock in the early years after our initial public offering. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet any guidance that we provide to the public, the market price of our common stock may decline. 
 We may, but are not obligated to, provide public guidance on our expected operating and financial results for future periods. Any such guidance will be comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report and in our other public filings and public statements. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed any guidance we have provided, especially in times of economic uncertainty. If, in the future, our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet any guidance we provide or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline. Even if we do issue public guidance, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so in the future. 
 If we do raise additional capital, stockholders may be subject to dilution. 
 If we issue additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities convertible into common stock to fund operations, develop new products, accelerate other strategies, make acquisitions or support other activities, the ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any future offerings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities, stockholders' ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect stockholders' rights. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Additionally, any future collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in the near term but limit our potential cash flow and revenue in the future. If we raise additional funds through 
 50 

strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 55,628,208 shares of common stock. Sale of these shares, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of our common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 Furthermore, we have registered all shares of our common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. Shares issued upon the exercise of stock options and upon vesting of restricted stock units that are outstanding under our equity incentive plans, or pursuant to future awards granted under those plans, have and will continue to become available for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of applicable vesting schedules, and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. Refer to Note 10, Stockholders Equity, of the Notes to the Financial Statements for information about outstanding options and restricted stock units. If any of these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions or investments in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, through the licensing of products or technologies from third parties or other strategic alliances, and the failure to manage acquisitions, investments, licenses or other strategic alliances, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense. 
 Our success depends on our ability to continually enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing clinician and patients needs, competitive technologies and market pressures. Accordingly, from time to time we may consider opportunities to acquire, make investments in or license other technologies, products and businesses that may enhance our capabilities, complement our existing products and technologies, or expand the breadth of our markets or customer base. Potential and completed acquisitions, strategic investments, licenses and other alliances involve numerous risks, including: 
 difficulty assimilating or integrating acquired or licensed technologies, products, employees or business operations; 

issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions or strategic alliances, including the assumption of unknown or contingent liabilities and the incurrence of debt or future write-offs of intangible assets or goodwill; 

diversion of management s attention from our core business and disruption of ongoing operations; 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, sales agents, health care facilities, surgeons and other health care providers; 

risks associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; 

potential losses related to investments in other companies; 

potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 

increased legal and accounting compliance costs. 

We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions or strategic relationships we deem suitable, whether we will be able to successfully complete any such transactions on favorable terms, if at all, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired business, product or technology into our business or retain any key personnel, suppliers, sales agent, or customer relationships. Our ability to successfully grow through strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete, and integrate suitable target businesses, technologies or products and to obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt our ongoing business and prevent management from focusing on our operations. 
 If we pursue any foreign acquisitions, they typically involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures, languages and legal and regulatory environments, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 
 To finance any acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances, we may choose to issue shares of our common stock as consideration, which could dilute the ownership of our stockholders. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may be 
 51 

unable to consummate any acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances using our common stock as consideration. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We have a limited number of analysts who cover us. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have in the past and may in the future be subject to short selling strategies that may drive down the market price of our common stock and negatively affect our reputation. 
 Short sellers have in the past and may attempt in the future to drive down the market price of our common stock and damage our reputation. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but may have borrowed with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the time the securities are borrowed and the time they are replaced. As it is in the short seller s best interests for the price of the stock to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects to create negative market momentum. These short seller publications are not regulated by any governmental, self-regulatory organization or other official authority in the U.S., are not subject to certification requirements imposed by the SEC, and may express opinions based on distortions, omissions or fabrications. Issuers, like us, whose securities have historically had limited trading history or volumes and/or have been susceptible to relatively high volatility levels can be vulnerable to such short seller attacks. Short selling reports can cause increased volatility in an issuer s stock price, and result in regulatory and governmental inquiries, stockholder lawsuits, and negative market reactions. Furthermore, when subject to unfavorable allegations, even if untrue, we may have to expend a significant amount of resources to investigate such allegations, respond to questions from customers and other stakeholders, and defend ourselves, including against inquiries or investigations from governmental authorities, lawsuits on behalf of stockholders, and negative selling tactics from competitors, that may be prompted by such allegations. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate citizenship and ESG matters and/or our reporting of such matters. 
 Institutional, individual, and other investors, proxy advisory services, regulatory authorities, consumers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance ESG practices of companies. If we are perceived as lagging with respect to ESG initiatives, certain investors may engage with us to improve ESG disclosures or performance, make voting decisions against our directors, reduce or eliminate our stock from their holdings, or exclude our stock from consideration. In addition, the criteria by which our corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to identify, measure and report ESG metrics and satisfy such new criteria. Any failure or perceived failure by us to meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and evolving standards or regulatory requirements may negatively impact our financial results, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, our attractiveness as a service provider, investment, or business partner, or expose us to government enforcement actions, private litigation, and actions by stockholders or other stakeholders. 
 We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and, as a result, any return on investment may be limited to appreciation in the price of our stock. 
 We have never paid cash dividends and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects for future earnings and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate or even maintain the price at which our holders have purchased it. In addition, our loan agreements limit our ability to, among other things, pay dividends or make other distributions or payments on account of our common stock, in each case subject to certain exceptions. If we do not pay dividends, our stock may be less valuable because a return on stockholders' investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates and the stockholder then sells our common stock. 
 Insiders will continue to have substantial influence over us, which could limit your ability to affect the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our directors, officers and their respective affiliates beneficially owned shares representing approximately 31.8 of our outstanding common stock. Further, while there is no voting agreement or other similar arrangements between them, our CEO and one other director are family members. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and 
 52 

approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and Delaware law, could discourage a change in control of our company or a change in our management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws as currently in effect contain provisions that might enable our management to resist a takeover. These provisions include: 
 a classified board of directors; 

advance notice requirements applicable to stockholders for matters to be brought before a meeting of stockholders and requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders notice; 

a supermajority stockholder vote requirement for amending certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 

the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer; 

allowing a supermajority of stockholders to remove directors only for cause; 

a requirement that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors; 

allowing all vacancies, including newly created directorships, to be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, except as otherwise required by law; 

eliminating cumulative voting in elections of directors; 

a requirement that our stockholders may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders and not by written consent; 

limiting the forum to Delaware for certain litigation against us; and 

limiting the persons that can call special meetings of our stockholders to our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president, in the absence of a chief executive officer. 

These provisions might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or a change in our management. The existence of these provisions could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders abilities to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against any defendant arising under the Securities Act. Such provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors, employees, and 
 53 

agents, including the underwriters and any other professional or entity who has prepared or certified any prospectus, including the prospectuses for our initial public offering and recent offering in 2023. 
 We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims or make such lawsuits more costly for stockholders, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision that contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. Furthermore, a severe or prolonged economic downturn, including a recession or depression resulting from the inflation reduction initiatives, higher interest rates, the COVID-19 pandemic, wars, invasions or political disruption could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our procedures or products and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy, political disruption and inflation, including those resulting from pandemics, wars, invasions, energy supply interruptions or international trade disputes, staffing shortages, or similar events, could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our products. Any of the foregoing could seriously harm our business, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the political or economic climate and financial market conditions could seriously harm our business. 
 We, along with our suppliers, are dependent on various information technology systems, and failures of, interruptions to, or unauthorized tampering of those systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We and our suppliers rely extensively on information technology systems, networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, physical security system and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided or used by third-parties or their vendors, to conduct business. These systems include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products (suppliers), shipping products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, providing data security and other processes necessary to manage our business. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors, consultants and collaborators are vulnerable to damage from cyberattacks, phishing attacks, intentional or accidental actions or omissions to act that cause vulnerabilities, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Attacks upon information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. We and certain of our service providers are, from time to time, subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our or our critical third parties operations, it could result in material disruptions of our operations and ultimately, our financial results. Further, if our systems are damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively and timely compensate, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations, and would also be exposed to a risk of loss, including financial assets or litigation and potential liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We cannot assure you that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim relating to a security lapse or breach. While 
 54 

we maintain certain insurance coverage, our insurance may be insufficient or may not cover all liabilities incurred by such attacks. We also cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results and reputation. 
 
 Our operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural or other disasters, power loss, strikes and other events beyond our control. 
 A major hurricane, fire or other disaster (such as a major flood, earthquake or terrorist attack) affecting our headquarters or our other facilities, or facilities of our suppliers and manufacturers, could significantly disrupt our operations, and delay or prevent product shipment or installation during the time required to repair, rebuild or replace our suppliers and manufacturers damaged facilities, which delays could be lengthy and costly. If any of our customers facilities are negatively impacted by a disaster, shipments of our products could be delayed. Additionally, customers may delay purchases of our products until operations return to normal. Even if we are able to quickly respond to a disaster, the ongoing effects of the disaster could create some uncertainty in the operations of our business. Concerns about terrorism, the effects of a terrorist attack or political turmoil could also have a negative effect on our operations, those of our suppliers and manufacturers and our customers. 
 
 We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our executive management team expects to devote substantial time to public company compliance programs. 
 As a public company, we have and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses due to our compliance with regulations and disclosure obligations applicable to us, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact, in ways we cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which we operate our business. Our executive management team and other personnel has and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs and monitoring of public company reporting obligations and as a result of the corporate governance and executive compensation related rules, regulations and guidelines prompted by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and further regulations and disclosure obligations expected in the future, we must devote additional time and costs to comply with such compliance programs and rules. These rules and regulations cause us to incur significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, as an emerging growth company the JOBS Act allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 
 We have qualified, and in the future may continue to qualify, as a smaller reporting company, and benefitted from many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including, among other things, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026, (ii) the last day of the year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (iii) the last day of the year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year, or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 
 55 

Failure to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls could result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or fail to prevent fraud in which case, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting beginning with our second annual report on Form 10-K. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time as we are required to obtain auditor attestation, if we then have a material weakness, we would receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, including through hiring additional financial and accounting personnel, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. During our evaluation of our internal control, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 We may in the future discover material weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a misstatement of our financial statements. If we are unable to remediate future material weaknesses, or otherwise maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, prevent fraud or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, our stock price and ability to access the capital markets in the future. 
 In addition, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 Furthermore, in connection with the future attestation process by our independent registered public accounting firm, we may encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any requested improvements and receiving a favorable attestation. If we cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified attestation report on our internal controls, our stockholders could lose confidence in our reporting and the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 We are subject to U.S. anti-corruption, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations (collectively, the Trade Laws ). We can face serious consequences for violations. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We can be held liable for the corrupt or illegal activities of our agents and intermediaries, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. We are also subject to other U.S. laws and regulations governing export controls, as well as economic sanctions and embargoes on certain countries and persons. 
 Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. Likewise, any investigation of potential violations of Trade Laws could also have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may seriously harm our business. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of any of our future domestic and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and any future international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. 
 56 

Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a cumulative change of more than 50 percentage points (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss NOL carryforwards and other pre-change NOLs tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. Based upon our analysis as of December 31, 2022, we have determined that we do not expect these limitations to impair our ability to use our NOLs prior to expiration. However, if changes in our ownership occur in the future, our ability to use our NOLs may be further limited. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs, even if we achieve profitability. 
 It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 125,000 square feet for our corporate headquarters located in Ponte Vedra, Florida under a lease agreement which terminates in July 2032. We believe that this facility is sufficient to meet our current and anticipated needs in the future and that additional space can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms as needed. Approximately 60 of our previous corporate headquarters location is still under lease until August 2026. We have subleased a portion of the space and continue to market the remaining square footage. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. We may, however, in the ordinary course of business, face various claims brought against us by third parties and we may, from time to time, make claims or take legal actions to assert our rights, including intellectual property rights, as well as claims relating to employment matters and the safety or efficacy of our products. Any of these claims could subject us to costly litigation and, while we generally believe that we have adequate insurance to cover many different types of liabilities, our insurance carriers may deny coverage or be inadequately capitalized to pay on valid claims, or our policy limits may be inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or not successful, could damage our reputation and business. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

PART II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TMCI on April 23, 2021. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 At February 28, 2023, there were approximately 28 stockholders of record of our common stock. Since many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on any of our capital stock. We do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future, and we currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business, to finance the growth and development of our business and for future repayment of debt. Future determinations as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our operating results, financial condition, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our term loan agreement limits our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions or payments on account of our common stock, in each case subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this Item 5 regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and the Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management that will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 The registration statement on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333- 254863 and 333- 255451 filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) relating thereto (the Prospectus ), each relating to the IPO of shares of our common stock, became effective on April 22, 2021. On April 27, 2021, we completed our IPO of 12,937,500 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. As part of the IPO, 6,953,125 shares of common stock issued and sold by us (inclusive of 703,125 shares pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option) and 5,984,375 shares of common stock sold by the selling stockholders named in the Prospectus (inclusive of 984,375 shares pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option), at a price to the public of 17.00 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately 107.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts of 8.3 million and commissions and offering expenses payable by us of 2.3 million. Upon the completion of the IPO, all 6,687,475 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock then outstanding were converted into shares of common stock on a one-to-one basis plus 158,447 shares of common stock were issued to pay accrued cumulative dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock of 2.5 million. 
 No payments for such expenses were made directly or indirectly to (i) any of our officers or directors or their associates, (ii) any persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from that described in the Prospectus dated April 22, 2021 filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4). 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 58 

It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and other parts of this Annual Report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions that are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors. Please also see the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a medical technology company with the goal of advancing the standard of care for the surgical management of bunion and related midfoot deformities. We have pioneered our proprietary Lapiplasty 3D Bunion Correction System a combination of instruments, implants and surgical methods designed to surgically correct all three planes of the bunion deformity and secure the unstable joint, addressing the root cause of the bunion and helping patients get back to their active lifestyles. Although bunions are deformities typically caused by an unstable joint in the middle of the foot that leads to a three-dimensional 3D misalignment in the foot s anatomical structure, the majority of traditional surgical approaches focus on correcting the deformity from a two-dimensional 2D perspective and therefore fail to address the root cause of the disorder. To effectively restore the normal anatomy of bunion patients and improve clinical outcomes, we believe addressing the root cause of the bunion is critical and have developed the Lapiplasty System to correct the deformity across all three anatomic dimensions. Our mission is to be the leader in the surgical treatment of bunions by establishing the Lapiplasty System as the standard of care. In 2021, we expanded our offerings with the Adductoplasty Midfoot Correction System, designed for reproducible correction of the midfoot to provide further support to hallux valgus patients. 
 We were formed in 2013 and since receiving 510(k) clearance for the Lapiplasty System in March 2015, we have sold more than 65,000 Lapiplasty Procedure Kits in the United States. We market and sell our Lapiplasty Systems to physicians, surgeons, ambulatory surgery centers and hospitals. The Lapiplasty Procedure can be performed in either hospital outpatient or ambulatory surgery centers settings, and utilizes existing, well-established reimbursement codes. We currently market and sell the Lapiplasty System through a combination of a direct employee sales force and independent sales agencies across 193 territories in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we had 168 direct sales representatives and 25 independent sales agencies. In 2022, employee sales representatives generated approximately 72 of revenues while approximately 28 of revenues came through independent sales agencies. 
 On April 27, 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO of 12,937,500 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. Before our IPO, our primary sources of capital were private placements of common stock and convertible preferred stock, debt financing agreements and revenue from the sale of our products. As part of the IPO, we received net proceeds of approximately 107.6 million. Upon the completion of the IPO, all 6,687,475 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock then outstanding were converted into shares of common stock on a one-to-one basis plus 158,447 shares of common stock were issued to pay accrued cumulative dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock of 2.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 19.5 million and marketable securities of 61.8 million available for sale to fund operations, an accumulated deficit of 84.7 million and 54.0 million of principal outstanding under our term loan and revolving loan agreements. 
 On February 10, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of 5,476,190 shares of its common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, at a price to the public of 21.00 per share. This offering resulted in net proceeds of approximately 107.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 6.9 million and offering expenses payable by the Company of approximately 0.6 million. 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and we expect that it will continue to have intermittent impacts on our business, operations, and financial results and condition. Among other impacts, COVID-19 and its variants have slowed our revenue growth by decreasing or delaying elective procedures, such as the Lapiplasty Procedure, during various phases of the pandemic, including in particular from March through May 2020 when governmental shelter in place orders restricted elective procedures and in the second half of 2021 when more virulent COVID-19 variants affected patient demand for elective procedures and limited hospital staffing and capacity. While it is difficult to determine with certainty, we believe that COVID-19 did not have a significant impact on our 2022 operations and financial results. 
 However, there is still uncertainty around the potential impacts related to COVID-19 especially if potentially more contagious and virulent variants of the virus emerge. If states implement shelter-in-place rules again, medical facilities implement restrictions on 
 59 

elective surgeries as a result of COVID-19 surges, or other pandemic disruptions occur, we may be required to adjust our operations as well as our forecasted revenues and operating results. We cannot assure you that we will not experience additional negative impacts associated with COVID-19 in the future, which could be significant. For more information, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Economic Environment 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and continuing into 2023, there is uncertainty in the macro-economic environment. Inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, reduced consumer confidence, and ongoing supply chain challenges may result in higher costs and longer lead times from suppliers and potentially reduced demand for our Lapiplasty Procedure Kits. General economic conditions may also negatively impact demand for elective surgeries. While we continuously work with suppliers to mitigate higher costs and longer lead times and continue to invest in our direct sales channel, patient education initiatives, clinical evidence and product innovations to build demand for our products, we expect these macro-economic challenges to continue throughout 2023, which may impact our results of operations. 
 Key Business Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of operating and financial metrics, including the number of Lapiplasty Procedure Kits sold, the number of active surgeons using the Lapiplasty System and utilization rates, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate our business plans and make strategic decisions. The number of Lapiplasty Procedure Kits sold during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 7,166 or 41.0 over the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, and the number of active surgeons as of December 31, 2022 was 2,387, an increase of 33.9 from the prior year. The utilization rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased 5.3 over the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to an average of 10.3 Lapiplasty Procedure Kits per active surgeon. 
 We believe that the number of Lapiplasty Procedure Kits sold, number of active surgeons using the Lapiplasty System and utilization rate are useful indicators of our ability to drive adoption of the Lapiplasty System and generate revenue and are helpful in tracking the progress of our business. While we believe these metrics are representative of our current business, we anticipate these metrics may be substituted for additional or different metrics as our business grows. 
 Factors Affecting Our Business 
 We believe that our financial performance has been and in the foreseeable future, will continue to depend on many factors, including COVID-19 and macro-economic conditions as described above, those described below, those noted in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and in the section titled Risk Factors . 
 Adoption of the Lapiplasty System 
 The growth of our business depends on our ability to gain broader acceptance of the Lapiplasty System by successfully marketing and distributing the Lapiplasty System and ancillary products. We currently have approval at over 1,900 facilities across the United States and plan to continue to increase access by convincing even more surgeons and facility administrators that our products are alternatives to traditional products used in bunion surgical procedures. While surgeon adoption of the Lapiplasty Procedure remains critical to supporting procedure growth, hospital and ambulatory surgery center facility approvals are necessary for both existing and future surgeon customers to access our products. To facilitate greater access to our products and drive future sales growth, we intend to continue educating hospitals and facility administrators on the differentiated benefits associated with the Lapiplasty System, supported by our robust portfolio of clinical data. If we are unable to successfully continue to commercialize our Lapiplasty System, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. In the near term, we expect we will continue to operate at a loss, and we anticipate we will finance our operations principally through offerings of our capital stock and by incurring debt. 
 Investments in Innovation and Growth 
 We expect to continue to focus on long-term revenue growth through investments in our business. In sales and marketing, we are dedicating meaningful resources to expand our sales force and management team in the United States, as well as our patient focused outreach and education campaigns. We are hiring additional employee sales representatives and employee field sales management to strategically access more regions with high densities of prospective patients and by focusing the efforts of our independent sales channel on our products. In research and development, our team and our Surgeon Advisory Board are continually working on next-generation innovations of the Lapiplasty System and related products. In addition to expanding our Lapiplasty offerings with products like the Lapiplasty Mini-Incision and Micro-Lapiplasty Minimally Invasive Systems, we are continually 
 60 

exploring opportunities to advance our core Lapiplasty System instrumentation and implants to further improve surgical efficiency, enhance reproducibility of outcomes and speed surgical recovery for patients. In 2022, we introduced (i) the 3-n-1 Guide, which combines three separate instruments and three procedure steps into one instrument and step, (ii) the S4A plating system, which features advanced 3D contours designed to accommodate variations in patient anatomy, and (iii) the SpeedRelease Instrument, which is a single-use instrument designed to make a challenging soft tissue release performed in the majority of Lapiplasty cases easier to perform and more reproducible for the surgeon. 
 We are also pursuing the development and potential commercialization, if cleared, of new products to address ancillary surgical procedures performed routinely in connection with the Lapiplasty Procedure. For example, to help address midfoot deformities that can occur in up to 30 of bunion patients, we developed and, in September 2021, announced the commercial launch of the Adductoplasty System. The Adductoplasty System brings together our implants and instrumentation to provide a comprehensive system designed for reproducible realignment, stabilization, and fusion of the midfoot and thus, provides surgeons with a precision, instrumented approach to treat both the bunion and coexisting midfoot deformities. 
 Moreover, in our general and administrative functions, we expect to continue to hire personnel and expand our infrastructure to both drive and support our anticipated growth and operations as a public company. Accordingly, in the near term, we expect these activities to increase our net losses, but in the longer term we anticipate they will positively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Seasonality 
 We have experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business, with higher sales volumes in the fourth calendar quarter, historically accounting for approximately 35 to 40 of full year revenues, and lower sales volumes in subsequent first calendar quarter. Our sales volumes in fourth calendar quarters tend to be higher as many patients elect to have surgery after meeting their annual deductible and having time to recover over the winter holidays. Our sales volumes in subsequent first calendar quarters also tend to be lower as a result of adverse weather and by resetting annual patient healthcare insurance plan deductibles, both of which may cause patients to delay elective procedures. The orthopaedic industry traditionally experiences lower sales volumes in the third quarter than throughout the rest of the year as elective procedures generally decline during the summer months. Although we follow orthopaedic industry trends generally, to date our third quarter sales volumes have not been lower than other quarters, but we may experience relatively lower sales volumes during third quarters in the future. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and surgeons that purchase or use our products generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse for all or part of the costs and fees associated with procedures using our products. As a result, sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the procedures using our products are covered by third-party payors, including government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private insurance plans and managed care programs. Based on historical claims data from 2017, approximately 63 of Lapidus cases and 60 of all bunion surgical cases were paid by private payors. 
 Medicare payment rates to hospital outpatient departments are set under the Medicare hospital outpatient prospective payment system, which groups clinically similar hospital outpatient procedures and services with similar costs to ambulatory payment classifications APCs ). Each APC is assigned a single lump sum payment rate, which includes payment for the primary procedure as well as any integral, ancillary, and adjunctive services. The primary CPT codes for the Lapiplasty Procedure, CPT 28297 and CPT 28740, are grouped together under APC 5114. For Lapiplasty Procedures in which fusion is performed on multiple TMT joints, CPT 28730 applies and is classified under APC 5115. 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We currently derive nearly all of our revenue from the sale of our proprietary Lapiplasty System, and to a lesser extent from the Adductoplasty System, which we introduced in 2021, and ancillary products. The Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems are comprised of single-use implant kits and reusable instrument trays. We sell the Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems to physicians, surgeons, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers in the United States through a network of employee sales representatives and independent sales agencies. Our primary product is the Lapiplasty System, which is an instrumented, reproducible approach to 3D bunion correction that helps patients rapidly return to weight-bearing in a post-operative boot. We also offer other advanced instrumentation and implants for use in the Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Procedures or other ancillary procedures performed in high frequency with bunion surgery. 
 No single customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenue during 2022. We expect our revenue to increase in absolute dollars in the foreseeable future as we expand our sales territories, new accounts and trained physician base and as existing physician 
 61 

customers perform more Lapiplasty Procedures, though it may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, including seasonality, COVID-19 pandemic impacts, and the macro-economic environment. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold consists primarily of manufacturing costs for the purchase of our Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems and other products from third-party manufacturers. Direct costs from our third-party manufacturers include costs for raw materials plus the markup for the assembly of the components. Cost of goods sold also includes royalties, allocated overhead for indirect labor, depreciation, certain direct costs such as those incurred for shipping, and personnel costs. We expense all provisions for excess and obsolete inventories as cost of goods sold. We record adjustments to our inventory valuation for estimated excess, obsolete and non-sellable inventories based on assumptions about future demand, past usage, changes to manufacturing processes and overall market conditions. We expect our cost of goods sold to increase in absolute dollars in the foreseeable future to the extent more of our products are sold, though it may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 We calculate gross profit as revenue less cost of goods sold, and gross margin as gross profit divided by revenue. Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, primarily average selling prices, production and ordering volumes, change in mix of customers, third-party manufacturing costs and cost-reduction strategies. We expect our gross profit to increase in the foreseeable future as our revenue grows, though our gross margin may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to changes in average selling prices as we introduce new products, and as we adopt new manufacturing processes and technologies. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation for personnel, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, sales commissions and share-based compensation, related to selling and marketing functions, physician education programs, training, shipping costs related to sending products to our sale representatives, travel expenses, marketing initiatives including our direct-to-patient outreach program and advertising, market research and analysis and conferences and trade shows. We expect sales and marketing expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in our direct employee sales force and expand our marketing efforts, and as we continue to expand our sales and marketing infrastructure to both drive and support anticipated sales growth, though it may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development R D expenses consist primarily of engineering, product development, clinical studies to develop and support our products, regulatory expenses, and other costs associated with products and technologies that are in development. These expenses include compensation for personnel, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation, supplies, consulting, prototyping, testing, materials, travel expenses, depreciation and an allocation of facility overhead expenses. We expect R D expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the foreseeable future as we continue to hire personnel and invest in next-generation innovations of the Lapiplasty System and related products, though it may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, including the level and timing of our new product development efforts, as well as our clinical development, clinical trial and other related activities. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation for personnel, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation, related to finance, information technology, legal and human resource functions, as well as professional services fees (including legal, audit and tax fees), insurance costs, general corporate expenses and allocated facilities-related expenses. We expect general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the foreseeable future as we hire personnel and expand our infrastructure to drive and support the anticipated growth in our organization. Moreover, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, general and administrative expenses associated with operating as a public company, including legal, accounting, insurance, compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and those of any stock exchange on which our securities are traded, investor relations, and other administrative and professional services expenses. 
 Interest and other income (expense), net 
 Interest income and other income (expense), net consists of interest received on our money market funds and marketable securities and impairments of long-lived assets. 
 62 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest incurred and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs related to outstanding borrowings during the reported periods. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Revenue 

141,838 

94,419 

47,419 

50.2 

Cost of goods sold 

27,523 

17,826 

9,697 

54.4 

Gross profit 

114,315 

76,593 

37,722 

49.2 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 

102,576 

64,467 

38,109 

59.1 

Research and development 

13,584 

10,204 

3,380 

33.1 

General and administrative 

32,999 

18,432 

14,567 

79.0 

Total operating expenses 

149,159 

93,103 

56,056 

60.2 

Loss from operations 

(34,844) 

(16,510) 

(18,334) 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

910 

18 

892 

Interest expense 

(4,398) 

(4,060) 

(338) 

8.3 

Debt extinguishment loss 

(4,483) 

(4,483) 

Other expense, net 

(7,971) 

(4,042) 

(3,929) 

97.2 

Net loss 

(42,815) 

(20,552) 

(22,263) 

108.3 

Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue. Revenue increased by 47.4 million, or 50.2 , from the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 41.0 increase in the number of Lapiplasty Procedure Kits sold in 2022 compared to 2021 as the result of an expanded customer base. The increase in the volume of Lapiplasty Procedure Kits sold resulted in 70 of the revenue growth from 2021 to 2022. The remaining revenue growth was a result of increased adoption of our newer technologies and selling more ancillary products. In addition, revenues in 2021 were adversely impacted by elective surgery delays or cancellations and hospital staffing and capacity constraints, primarily related to the surge of infections and hospitalizations from the Delta and Omicron variants of COVID-19. 
 Cost of Goods Sold, Gross Profit and Gross Margin. Cost of goods sold increased by 9.7 million, or 54.4 , in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily due to a 5.6 million increase in direct costs of goods sold and a 2.2 million increase in royalty expense both resulting from increased sales, 1.1 million increase in depreciation expense from our surgical instruments, 1.1 million increase in overhead expenses resulting from an increase in our headcount, which was partially offset by a 0.2 million decrease in provision for inventory and instrument obsolescence. Gross profit increased 37.7 million from the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to sales growth. Gross profit margin for the year end December 31, 2022 decreased from 81.1 to 80.6 , as compared to the same period of 2021, primarily due to depreciation expense from an increase in capitalized surgical instruments, and an increase in payroll costs, which were partially offset by a decrease in inventory and obsolescence provisions. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses. Sales and marketing expenses increased by 38.1 million, or 59.1 , from the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase in sales and marketing expenses was due to growth in our overall business. Sales and marketing expenses increased due to an increase of 20.6 million in payroll and related expenses from increased headcount of sales and marketing personnel, an increase of 10.1 million primarily for higher commissions from increased sales by our employee sales representatives and independent sales agencies, an increase of 4.3 million in advertising and marketing-related expenses primarily due to higher advertising fees for direct to consumer campaigns and sales meeting costs, an increase of 1.3 million in clinical-related expenses from surgeon training, and 1.1 million in other marketing-related expenses. 
 Research and Development Expenses. Research and development expenses increased by 3.4 million, or 33.1 , from the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase in research and development expenses was due to increases of 2.4 million in payroll and payroll-related costs resulting from increased headcount of research and development personnel, an increase of 0.9 million in clinical expenses primarily from 0.4 million of increased spending for purchases of materials used in our prototypes and a 0.3 million increase in clinical studies costs. 
 63 

General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses increased by 14.6 million, or 79.0 , from the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase of 6.7 million in payroll and payroll-related costs from increased headcount to support our growing business, an increase of 2.7 million in rent expense and occupancy costs related to moving into our new headquarters building during the year, an increase of 2.5 million in business-related expenses primarily resulting from increased insurance costs and banking and credit card processing fees, and an increase of 3.2 million in professional services primarily related to a 2.2 million increase in legal expenses primarily related to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights and IT expenses related to conversion to a new service provider. Legal expenses increased 2.2 million in the current year primarily related to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net. Interest and other income (expense), net increased by 0.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase was due to a 1.3 million increase in interest income from higher money market fund interest rates during 2022 and investing in marketable securities in the fourth quarter of 2022 that earn higher interest rates than money market funds. This increase was partially offset by a 0.3 million loss from an impairment related to assets associated with our previous corporate headquarters operating lease. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense increased by 0.3 million, or 8.3 , from the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to a higher debt balance partially offset by lower interest rates on the new debt as a result of the debt refinancing in the second quarter of 2022. 
 Debt Extinguishment Loss. Debt extinguishment loss increased by 4.5 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021 due to our refinancing during the second quarter of 2022. 
 For the comparison of the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Before our IPO, our primary sources of capital were private placements of common stock and convertible preferred stock, debt financing agreements and revenue from the sale of our products. In April 2021, we received net proceeds of 107.6 million from our IPO. In April 2022, we entered a new five-year 150.0 million loan arrangement, consisting of up to 120.0 million in term loans and up to 30.0 million in a revolving loan facility with entities affiliated with MidCap. On the closing date in April 2022, we borrowed 50.0 million under the term loan and 4.0 million under the revolving loan facility. The term loan proceeds were partially used to repay our term loan obligation with CRG and an early termination fee to Silicon Valley Bank SVB amounting to 34.1 million including principal of 30.0 million, interest of 0.4 million and fees of 3.7 million. There was no outstanding principal at termination of the SVB loan facility. We repaid 1.8 million in borrowings outstanding from the Paycheck Protection Program loan program (the PPP Loan') under the Coronavirus Aid Relief and Economic Recovery Act in 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 19.5 million and marketable securities of 61.8 million available for sale, an accumulated deficit of 84.7 million and 54.0 million of principal outstanding under our term loan and revolving loan agreements. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and available debt borrowings and expected revenues will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements and fund our operations for at least twelve months from the issuance of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. We may be required or decide to raise additional financing to support further growth of our operations. See Note 13, Subsequent Events , for information about our recent offering of our common stock. 
 Long-Term Obligations 
 MidCap Term Loan and Revolving Loan Facility 
 On April 29, 2022, we entered into a new five-year 150 million loan facility with MidCap, providing up to 120 million in term loans and a 30 million revolving loan facility. 
 The term loan provides for a 60-month term loan facility up to 120 million in borrowing capacity, over four tranches. At loan closing, we drew 50 million under tranche one. The remaining tranches provide up to an additional 70 million in borrowing capacity in the aggregate, subject to certain revenue targets for tranches three and four. 
 The revolving loan facility provides up to 30 million in borrowing capacity subject to a borrowing base. The borrowing base is calculated based on certain accounts receivable and inventory assets. At loan closing, we drew 4 million under the revolving loan facility. We may request a 20 million increase in the revolving loan facility for a total commitment of up to 50 million. We are required to either (i) maintain a minimum drawn balance under the revolving facility agreement or (ii) pay a minimum balance fee that is equal to the amount of the minimum balance deficit multiplied by the applicable interest rate during the period. If the outstanding 
 64 

balance under the revolving loan facility exceeds the lesser of (i) 50 of the revolving borrowing capacity or (ii) 50 of the borrowing base, or we are in default, MidCap will apply funds collected from our lockbox account to reduce the outstanding balance of the revolving loan facility Lockbox Deductions ). As of December 31, 2022, our borrowing base level has not activated the Lockbox Deductions. 
 The loans are secured by substantially all our assets, including intellectual property. The loan agreements and other ancillary documents contain customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants. Under the loan agreements, we are not required to meet any minimum level of revenue if liquidity (defined as unrestricted cash plus undrawn availability under the revolving loan agreements) is greater than the outstanding balance under the term loan. Our marketable securities qualify as unrestricted cash under the loan agreements. If liquidity falls below such outstanding balance, then we are subject to a minimum trailing twelve-month revenue covenant. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We use our cash to fund our operations, which primarily include the costs of manufacturing our Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems and ancillary products, as well as our sales and marketing and R D expenses and related personnel costs. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in our employee sales force and expand our marketing efforts, and as we continue to expand our sales and marketing infrastructure to both drive and support anticipated sales growth. We also expect R D expenses to increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to hire personnel and invest in next-generation innovations of the Lapiplasty System and related products. In addition, we expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in the foreseeable future as we hire personnel and expand our infrastructure to both drive and support the anticipated growth in our organization. We will also incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company. From time to time, we may also consider additional investments in technologies, assets and businesses to expand or enhance our product offerings. The timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope and timing of our investment in our commercial infrastructure and sales force; 

the costs of our ongoing commercialization activities including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution; 

the scope of our marketing efforts, including the degree to which we utilize direct to consumer campaigns; 

the degree and rate of market acceptance of the Lapiplasty and Adductoplasty Systems and our ancillary products; 

the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights, including enforcing our intellectual property rights against infringing products or technologies; 

our need to implement additional infrastructure and internal systems; 

the research and development activities we intend to undertake in order to improve the Lapiplasty System and to develop or acquire additional products; 

the investments we make in acquiring other technologies, assets or businesses to expand our product portfolio; 

the success or emergence of new competing technologies or other adverse market developments; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our products; 

the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, hospital staffing shortages, and delays of elective procedures; and 

inflation, interest rate changes, and other general economic conditions on our operations and business. 

Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong or that may change in the future, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through public or private equity or debt financing, credit or loan facilities or a combination of one or more of these or other funding sources. Additional funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, we could be forced to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development programs, commercialization efforts, sales and marketing initiatives, or other operations. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will suffer dilution and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted, rights superior to those of existing stockholders. Debt financing, if available, is 
 65 

likely to involve restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in conducting future business activities, and, in the event of insolvency, debt holders would be repaid before holders of our equity securities received any distribution of our corporate assets. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the periods presented below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(30,648) 

(17,193) 

(4,494) 

Investing activities 

(76,518) 

(2,705) 

(1,069) 

Financing activities 

20,806 

107,652 

11,503 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(86,360) 

87,754 

5,940 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 30.6 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 42.8 million and an increase in net operating assets of 5.8 million, which were partially offset by non-cash charges of 18.0 million. The increase in net operating assets was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable resulting from higher sales revenue in 2022, higher inventories resulting from higher purchases in anticipation of growing demand in 2023 and to guard against supply chain risks, and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets due to timing of payments, which were offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to timing of payments and growth of our operations. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of share-based compensation expense of 8.1 million, a loss on extinguishment of debt of 4.5 million, non-cash lease amortization of 2.5 million, and depreciation and amortization expense of 2.1 million, 0.4 million in provision for doubtful accounts primarily driven by higher account receivable balances at year end. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for 2021 was 17.2 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 20.6 million and an increase in net operating assets of 1.0 million, which were partially offset by non-cash charges of 4.3 million. The increase in net operating assets was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable resulting from higher revenues in 2021, higher inventories resulting from higher purchases in anticipation of growing demand in 2022, and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets due to timing of payments and growth of our operations, which were offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to timing of payments and growth of our operations. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization expense of 0.7 million, share-based compensation expense of 3.4 million, amortization of debt issuance costs of 0.2 million. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 76.5 million consisting of a 63.4 million in purchases of marketable securities available for sale and 14.8 million in purchases of property and equipment. The purchases of property and equipment consist of 5.1 million in purchases of capitalized surgical instruments for our reusable instrument trays driven by higher numbers of employee sales representatives and sales growth and 8.0 million of purchases of fixed assets and leasehold improvements primarily for our new corporate headquarters building, partially offset by 1.7 million in maturities of marketable securities available for sale. 
 Net cash used in investing activity was 2.7 million and 1.1 million, in 2021 and 2020, respectively, consisting of purchases of capitalized surgical instruments for our reusable instrument trays. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 20.8 million, consisting of 53.5 million of net cash proceeds from the new term loan agreement and revolving loan facility with MidCap and 2.2 million from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by the 33.9 million repayment of the CRG term loan and 1.0 million of third party debt issuance costs paid to related to the new MidCap borrowings. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 107.7 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds from our IPO of 107.6 million and 1.8 million proceeds from exercise of stock options, partially offset by repayment of our PPP Loan of 1.8 million. 
 66 

Net cash provided by financing activities in 2020 was 11.5 million, consisting primarily of additional borrowings under the CRG term loan facility of 29.5 million, net of debt discount, partially offset by repayment of the term loans under the SVB loan facility of 20.0 million, borrowing under a PPP Loan of 1.8 million and cash received of 0.3 million from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by debt issuance costs of 0.2 million. 
 Surgeon Advisory Board Royalty Agreements 
 We recognized royalties expense of 6.5 million and 4.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate royalty rate was 4.6 . Each of the royalty agreements with our Surgeon Advisory Board members prohibits the payment of royalties on products sold to entities and/or individuals with whom any of the surgeon advisors is affiliated. 
 
 Operating Lease 
 
 We have commitments for future payments related to our new corporate headquarters office located in Ponte Vedra, Florida. We entered into a 10-year lease in February 2022 for our new location which expires in July 2032. Lease payments comprise the base rent plus operating costs which includes taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance. We also have commitments for future payments related to our former headquarters which expire in April 2026. We have obtained a sublease for a portion of this space and continue to actively market the remainder of the space. The remaining lease obligations are 25.9 million under these leases. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. 
 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for stock-based compensation arrangements with employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, using a fair-value based method. We determine the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 The fair value of time-based awards is recognized over the period during which an award holder is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period, which is typically the vesting period using the straight-line method. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures in our statements of operations. 
 We estimate the fair value of our stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions regarding the expected volatility of our stock, the expected life of the stock award and our expected dividend rate. We primarily use historical data to determine the assumptions to be used in the Black-Scholes model and have no reason to believe that future data is likely to differ materially from historical data. However, changes in the assumptions regarding future stock price volatility, future dividend payments and future stock award exercise could result in a change in the assumptions used to value awards in the future and may result in a material change to the fair value calculation of stock-based awards. 
 Fair Value of Common Stock 
 Prior to our IPO, the estimated fair value of the common stock underlying our stock options and stock awards was determined at each grant date by our board of directors, with assistance from management and external appraisers. All options to purchase shares of our common stock were intended to be exercisable at a price per share not less than the per-share fair value of our common stock underlying those options on the date of grant. The approach to estimate the fair value of our common stock was consistent with the methods outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation , or Practice Aid. Subsequent to our IPO, the fair value of our common stock is determined based on its closing market price. 
 67 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 3, Recent Accounting Pronouncements , to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for new accounting pronouncements as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 
 68 

Ite m 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 70 

Balance Sheets 
 71 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 72 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 73 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 75 

69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in accounting principle 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 , Leases. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 March 8, 2023 

70 

TREACE MEDICAL CONCEPTS, INC. 
 Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, short-term 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued compensation 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Derivative liability on term loan 

Long-term debt, net of discount of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 71 

TREACE MEDICAL CONCEPTS, INC. 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Debt extinguishment loss 

() 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Convertible preferred stock cumulative and undeclared dividends 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 72 

TREACE MEDICAL CONCEPTS, INC . 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Convertible 

Additional 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

Balances at January 1, 2020 

() 

Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

Share-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of restricted stock awards 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock from initial public offering, net of issuance costs and underwriting discount of million 

Issuance of common stock upon net exercise of warrants 

() 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock and accrued dividends on convertible preferred stock into common stock 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock for vesting of restricted stock units 

Share-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 73 

TREACE MEDICAL CONCEPTS, INC. 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 

Share-based compensation expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Impairment of capitalized surgical instruments 

Gain on fair value adjustment to derivative liability 

() 

() 

Debt extinguishment loss 

Loss on impairment of long-lived assets 

Accretion (amortization) of discount (premium) on marketable securities, net 

() 

Other, net 

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other non-current assets 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of available-for-sale marketable securities 

() 

Maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from interest bearing term debt 

Proceeds from interest bearing revolving debt 

Payments on interest bearing debt 

() 

() 

Proceeds from PPP Loan 

Payments on PPP Loan 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs and underwriting fees of million 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability adjustment due to lease incentive 

Unrealized losses on marketable securities 

Noncash financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock and accrued dividends on convertible preferred stock into common stock 

Initial fair value of derivative liability 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 74 

, as a Florida limited liability company. Effective July 1, 2014, the entity converted to a Delaware corporation and changed its name to Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. (the Company ). The Company is a medical technology company with the goal of advancing the standard of care for the surgical management of bunion and related midfoot deformities. The Company received 510(k) clearance for the Lapiplasty System in March 2015 and began selling its surgical medical devices in September 2015. The Company has pioneered the proprietary Lapiplasty 3D Bunion Correction System a combination of instruments, implants and surgical methods designed to surgically correct all three planes of the bunion deformity and secure the unstable joint, addressing the root cause of the bunion. In addition, the Company offers other advanced instrumentation and implants for use in the Lapiplasty Procedure or other ancillary procedures performed in high frequency with bunion surgery. In 2021, the Company expanded its offerings with the Adductoplasty Midfoot Correction System, designed for reproducible correction of the midfoot to provide further support to hallux valgus patients. The Company operates from its corporate headquarters located in Ponte Vedra, Florida. Initial Public Offering On April 27, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO of shares of its common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. As part of the IPO, shares of common stock were issued and sold by the Company (inclusive of shares pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option) and shares of common stock that were sold by the selling stockholders named in the prospectus (inclusive of shares pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option), at a price to the public of per share. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses payable by the Company of million. The Company did t receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. Upon the completion of the IPO, all shares of Series A convertible preferred stock then outstanding were converted into shares of common stock on a one-to-one basis plus shares of common stock were issued to pay accrued cumulative dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock of million. Forward Stock Split On April 16, 2021, in connection with the IPO, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State to implement a -for-1 forward stock split (the Forward Stock Split ), effective on April 16, 2021, whereby each 1.0 share of Class A common stock issued and outstanding was reclassified as shares of Class A common stock and each 1.0 share of Series A convertible preferred stock (each a Preferred Share issued and outstanding was reclassified as Preferred Shares. In connection with the Forward Stock Split, the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue was adjusted to , divided into shares of Class A common stock and Preferred Shares. There was no adjustment to the par value of per share. All share and per share amounts in the accompanying financial statements for the prior periods have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Forward Stock Split. In lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with the Forward Stock Split, the Company paid cash in an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares (as determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors). Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company has incurred operating losses to date and has an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company used million, million and million of cash in its operating activities, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of million and marketable securities available for sale of million. Management believes that the Company s existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will allow the Company to continue its planned operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of the issuance of these financial statements. Coronavirus Pandemic The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has had, and we expect that it will continue to have intermittent impacts on our business, operations, and financial results and condition. Among other impacts, COVID-19 and its variants have slowed our revenue growth by decreasing or delaying elective procedures, such as the Lapiplasty Procedure, during various phases of the pandemic, including in particular from March through May 2020 when governmental shelter in place orders restricted elective procedures and in the second half of 2021 when COVID-19 variants affected patient demand for elective procedures and limited hospital staffing and capacity. While it is difficult to determine with certainty, we believe that COVID-19 did not have a significant impact on our 2022 operations and financial results. However, there is still uncertainty around the potential impacts related to COVID-19 especially if potentially more contagious and virulent variants of the virus emerge. If states implement shelter-in-place rules again, medical facilities implement restrictions on elective surgeries as a result of COVID-19 surges, or other pandemic disruptions occur, we may be required to adjust our operations as well as our forecasted revenues and operating results. We cannot assure you that we will not experience additional negative impacts associated with COVID-19 in the future, which could be significant. 

 million and million, respectively, to reclassify non cash expense for inventory obsolescence to net changes in operating assets for inventory. This classification change does not change previously reported cash flows from operating activities in the Statements of Cash Flows. 
 accrued contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 reportable and operating segment, which is the business of designing, manufacturing, and marketing medical devices for physicians, surgeons, ambulatory surgery centers and hospitals. The Company s chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating and evaluating financial performance. All long-lived assets are maintained in the United States. 
 
 when a decline in the fair value of investments below the cost basis is determined to be other-than-temporary. In determining whether a decline in market value is other-than-temporary, various factors are considered, including the cause, duration of time and severity of the impairment, any adverse changes in the investees financial condition and the Company s intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in market value. Declines in fair value judged to be other-than-temporary are included in the Company s statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company did not record any other-than-temporary impairments related to marketable securities in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 mi llion and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded provisions for bad debts of million , million and mill ion, respectively. 
 of accounts receivable. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , there were no customers that represented or more of revenue. 
 component as a single lease component. Variable lease payments are recognized as lease expense as incurred and are recorded in operating expenses on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company has no finance leases. 
 million , million and mil lion, respectively, for obsolete inventory. 

Machinery and equipment 

Capitalized surgical instruments 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Long-lived assets are evaluated whenever a change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If assets are considered to be impaired, a charge is recorded for an amount that the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Beginning January 1, 2021, the Company adjusted the useful life of its capitalized instruments from months to months to align with the expected life of the instruments. The change in useful life was made as a prospective adjustment and resulted in a decrease of depreciation expense o f mil lion during the year ended December 31, 2021 and no material impact on earnings per share. The change in useful life is not expected to significantly impact annual depreciation expense. 
 international sales. For On , the Company adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , using the modified retrospective method for all contracts not completed as of the date of adoption. In connection with the adoption of ASC 606, the Company also the related amendments that impact the accounting for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract. Adoption of ASC 606 did have any impact on the financial statements, except changes in the disclosures. Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps as prescribed by ASC 606: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 

 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

 (iii) determine the transaction price; 

 (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

 (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies performance obligations. 

 A contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into a legally enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party s rights regarding the products to be transferred and identifies the payment terms related to these products, (ii) the contract has commercial substance, and (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for its products that are transferred is probable based on the customer s intent and ability to pay the promised consideration. The Company considers signed agreements and purchase orders as a customer s contract. The Company identifies performance obligations based on the terms of the contract and customary business practices, which include products that are distinct, or a series of distinct goods that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. The Company s Lapiplasty System products are distinct performance obligations. The Company does not have any contracts with customers that contain multiple performance obligations. The transaction price in the Company s customer contracts includes fixed consideration to be contractually billed to the customer while variable consideration includes the right of return. The Company does not allocate the transaction price or any variable consideration to the right of return. The Company did t recognize a refund liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and there were negligible returns during the year ended December 31, 2022 and product returns during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Revenue for products is recognized when a customer obtains control of the promised products, which is generally when the customer has the ability to (i) direct its use and (ii) obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from it. Revenue recognition occurs when control of the product transfers to the customer which is generally at the time the product is used in surgery. When a customer purchases products directly from us before the time of surgery, revenue is recognized based upon the shipment terms. 
 if the amortization period would be one year or less. These incremental costs include sales commissions paid to the Company s independent sales agencies or employee sales representatives. 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 million, million, and million, for the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and million, for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 liability related to uncertain tax positions is recorded in the financial statements. It is the Company s policy to include penalties and interest expense related to income taxes as part of the provision for income taxes. 
 accruals for product liability claims had been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 as the Company has not paid nor anticipates paying any dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. 

 Fair Market Value of Common Stock. Prior to the IPO, the fair market value of the common stock was determined by the board of directors with assistance from management and external valuation experts. The Company s approach to estimating the fair market value of its common stock was consistent with the methods outlined in the American Institute 

 of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . Following our IPO, the fair market value of the common stock is based on its closing price on NASDAQ as reported on the date of grant. 

 The Company continues to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility and expected terms utilized for the stock-based compensation calculations on a prospective basis. As the Company continues to accumulate additional data, the Company may make refinements to the assumptions, which could materially impact the future stock-based compensation expense. 
 million for the year end December 31, 2022. Comprehensive loss equaled net loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 

months on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASC 842 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and early application is permitted. The Company adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2022, using the required modified retrospective approach. Comparative periods were not adjusted and continue to be presented under the previous accounting guidance. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the ASC 842 transition guidance, which among other things, allowed it to carry forward the historical lease classification. The impact of adoption was the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of million for real estate operating leases at January 1, 2022. In addition, ASC 842 requires new disclosures for lease transactions. Refer to Note 8, Operating Leases , for new lease disclosures. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses . This new guidance will require financial instruments to be measured at amortized cost, and trade accounts receivable to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The new model requires an entity to estimate credit losses based on historical information, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, including estimates of prepayments. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, that is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within that fiscal year. The Company adopted the standard on January 1, 2023. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt 

Yankee CD 

Short-term marketable securities at fair value 

U.S. treasury and government agencies 

Corporate debt 

Asset-backed securities 

Yankee CD 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Money market funds 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liability 

Total 

The carrying amounts of the Company s money market funds classified as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The derivative liability is carried at fair value based on unobservable market inputs. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms and consideration of default and credit risk, the carrying value of the term loan approximates their fair value. The Company's available for sale securities portfolio consists of investments in U.S. treasury and government agency securities, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities, and Yankee CDs. Yankee CDs are certificates of deposit issued in the United States by a branch of a foreign bank and are denominated in U.S. dollars. The fair value of level 1 securities is determined on trade prices in active markets for identical assets. The fair value of level 2 securities is determined using valuation models using inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets, interest rates, yield curves, credit spreads, default rates, loss severity, broker and dealer quotes, as well as other relevant economic measures. As discussed in Note 6, in July 2020, the Company entered into a term loan facility with CR Group LP CRG and accounted for embedded features in the agreement as a derivative liability with an initial fair value of million that was a level 3 valuation. The derivative liability was accounted for at fair value using the income approach and inputs consisting of (i) the probability of events occurring that trigger an event of default of the Company s term loans under the CRG term loan facility, ranging from to , (ii) the prepayment premium payable upon early redemption, and (iii) additional interest payable upon an event of defau lt. The change in fair value of the derivative liability was million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded as a component of other expense, net in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Th ere was adjustment to the fair value of the derivative liability recognized in net loss for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Change in fair value included in other expense, net 

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value included in other expense, net 

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt 

Yankee CD 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Included in cash as of December 31, 2022 is million pledged to Silicon Valley Bank SVB as collateral for the Company's corporate credit card program and is restricted from use by the Company. There was cash pledged to SVB as of December 31, 2021. Marketable Securities 

() 

Corporate debt 

() 

Asset-backed securities 

() 

Yankee CD 

() 

Total marketable securities - short-term 

() 

Property and Equipment, Net 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Furniture and fixtures, and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Machinery and equipment 

Capitalized surgical equipment 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recognized a million impairment on a group of assets consisting of million of property and equipment and million related to the right-of-use asset associated with the lease of its previous corporate headquarters. The impairment loss is presented as a component of interest and other income, net in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company did t record impairment charges for its property and equipment, net for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Accrued professional services 

Other accrued expense 

Total accrued liabilities 

Term loans 

CRG term loan facility 

MidCap term loan facility 

Total term and revolving loans 

Less: debt discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt, net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total principal payments 

Less: Unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs 

() 

Total long-term debt, net 

MidCap Loan and Revolving Loan Facility 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a new million loan facility with entities affiliated with MidCap Financial Trust MidCap ), providing up to million in term loans and a million revolving loan facility. The term loan facility provides for a 60-month term loan up to million in borrowing capacity to the Company, over four tranches. At term loan closing, the Company drew million under tranche one. The remaining tranches provide up to an additional million in borrowing capacity in the aggregate, subject to the achievement of certain revenue targets for the third and fourth tranche. The revolving loan facility provides up to million in borrowing capacity to the Company based on the borrowing base. The borrowing base is calculated based on certain accounts receivable and inventory assets. As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing base allows a total of million available to the Company under the revolving loan facility. The balance drawn as of December 31, 2022 is million under the revolving loan facility. The Company may request an increase in the revolving loan facility in an amount up to million for a total commitment of up to million. of the revolving borrowing capacity or (ii) of the borrowing base, or the Company is in default, MidCap will apply funds collected from the Company's lockbox account to reduce the outstanding balance of the revolving loan facility Lockbox Deductions ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company's borrowing level has not activated the Lockbox Deductions, nor is it expected to for the next 12 months; therefore, the Company has determined that the revolving loan balance is long-term debt. (subject to a floor of and a cap of for both loan agreements) plus (i) under the term loan agreement and (ii) under the revolving loan facility. and , respectively. The Company is obligated to pay interest only for the first 48 months and straight-line amortization for the remaining 12 months, subject to the Company s election to extend the initial interest-only period by 12 months to 60 months total if the Company s trailing twelve-month revenue is at or above certain levels. If the term loan is repaid before the maturity date or the revolving loan facility is terminated before the end of its term, the prepayment fees are of the amount repaid in the first year, in the second year and in the third year and thereafter, and a final payment fee of of the amount borrowed is due under the term loan. The revolving loan facility prepayment fees are based on the revolving loan commitment amount. The loans are secured by all of the Company s assets, including intellectual property. The loan agreements and other ancillary loan documents contain customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants. Under the loan agreements, the Company is not required to meet any minimum level of revenue if liquidity (defined as unrestricted cash plus undrawn availability under the revolving loan agreement) is greater than the outstanding balance under the term loan. If liquidity falls below such outstanding balance, then the Company is subject to a minimum trailing twelve-month revenue covenant. The Company is not subject to this covenant at December 31, 2022. CRG Term Loan Facility On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into a term loan facility with CRG Group L.P CRG ), which provided up to million in financing over three tranches to be advanced no later than December 31, 2021. Principal amounts totaling million were borrowed as of December 31, 2021 and until April 29, 2022, when the facility was repaid as part of the refinancing with MidCap. The CRG term loan facility provided for a maturity date as of , and permitted the Company to elect to make . The Company was not required to make any principal payments until the maturity of the CRG term loan facility and all outstanding principal and accrued interest were due upon the maturity of the CRG term loan facility. Interest under the CRG term loan facility was applied to outstanding principal and accrued interest at a rate of per annum and would increase by if an event of default had occurred. The loan agreement provided that if the Company repaid the CRG term loan within one year of the borrowing date, the Company was required to pay a premium of of the aggregated outstanding principal amount of the loans that was repaid. If the Company repaid the CRG term loan between one and two years from the borrowing date, it was required to pay a premium of of the aggregated outstanding principal amount of the loans that it repaid. The CRG term loan facility did not require a prepayment premium for loans being prepaid after two years from the initial borrowing date. Under the terms of the CRG term loan facility, the Company granted first priority liens and security interests in substantially all of the Company s assets as collateral (including the Company s intellectual property), provided that the priority of such liens was subject to an intercreditor agreement between CRG and SVB. The CRG term loan facility also contained certain representations and warranties, indemnification provisions in favor of CRG, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The Company paid million in fees to CRG and million in fees to third parties in connection with the CRG term loan facility. The fees were recorded as debt issuance costs and classified as contra-debt. In addition, the Company recognized million as debt discount on borrowings under the CRG term loan facility due to embedded features contained in the agreement which resulted in a derivative liability (Note 4). The CRG term loan facility was repaid in the second quarter of 2022 as part of the refinancing with MidCap. The Company incurred a million loss on extinguishment of debt related to terminating its previously outstanding borrowing agreements. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , the Company recognized million, million and million, respectively, in interest expense related to the borrowings under the MidCap agreements and the CRG loan facility. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , amortization of the debt discount was million. During the year ended December 31, 2020 amortization of the debt discount was million. 

 , renewable by the parties, and may be terminated by either party on notice for convenience (provided that if terminated by the Company for convenience the obligation to pay royalties is not affected); and (v) prohibits the payment of royalties on products sold to entities and/or individuals with whom the surgeon advisor or any other surgeon advisor entitled to royalties is affiliated. Each of the royalty agreements may be subsequently amended to add the license of additional intellectual property covering new products, and as a result, multiple royalty rates and duration of royalty payments may be included in one royalty agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s royalty agreements provide for (i) royalty payments for 10 years from first commercial sale of the relevant product and (ii) a royalty rate for each such agreement ranging fr om to of net sales for the particular product to which the surgeon contributed. The Company recognized royalties expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulting in an aggregate royalty rate of , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contingencies From time to time, the Company may be a party to various litigation claims in the normal course of business. Legal fees and other costs associated with such actions are expensed as incurred. The Company assesses, in conjunction with legal counsel, the need to record a liability for litigation and contingencies. Accrual estimates are recorded when and if it is determinable that such a liability for litigation and contingencies are both probable and reasonably estimable. There were accrued contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

 operating lease for a new corporate headquarters building in Ponte Vedra, Florida, with a lease commencement date of March 1, 2022. The Company's obligation to make cash payments for the new headquarters building started in the third quarter of 2022. The Company s leases contain various options to renew, none of which the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. The lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. For the new headquarters lease, the Company is provided a tenant improvement allowance for the construction of leasehold improvements. In exchange for construction management and supervision services related to these improvements, the Company paid the lessor a fee equal to one and a half percent of total construction costs. In addition to base rent, the Company will pay variable costs related to its share of operating expenses under certain of its lease arrangements. These variable costs are recorded as lease expense as incurred and presented as operating expenses in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Variable lease costs were million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Rent expense was and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Operating lease cost was million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, cash paid for amounts included in operating lease liabilities of million was included in cash flows from operating activities on the condensed statements of cash flows. 

Weighted average discount rate 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

The following table summarizes a maturity analysis of operating lease liabilities showing the aggregate lease payments as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total discounted lease payments 

Less: Current portion of lease liability 

() 

Noncurrent portion of lease liability 

t recorded an income tax provision for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to its operating losses. All losses before income taxes were generated in the United States.) 

() 

() 

Stock-based and other compensation 

() 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development credits 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Interest expense 

Stock option compensation expense 

Accrued bonus 

Research and development expenses 

Research and development credits 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other 

Gross deferred income tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Property and equipment 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

Other 

() 

Gross deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Due to the Company s history of net losses, the net, deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a full valuation allowance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s changes in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were million and million, respectively. The Company had unused federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and m illion, respectively as of December 31, 2022 , and federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in . The Company's research and development tax credit carryforwards were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and begin to expire in . The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar provisions under state law. The Tax Reform Act contains provisions that limit the federal net operating loss carryforwards that may be used in any given year in the event of special occurrences, including significant ownership changes. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders, who own at least 5 of the Company s stock, increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. The Company may have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, one or more Section 382 ownership changes, including in connection with the Company s initial public offering. If so, the Company may lose some or all of the tax benefits of its carryforwards and credits. Management has reviewed and evaluated the relevant technical merits of each of its tax positions in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes and determined that there are uncertain tax positions that would have a material impact on the financial statements of the Company. The Company is not subject to U.S. Federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years before 2017. 

 88 

shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Upon the closing of the IPO in April 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, to settle accrued and unpaid Series A convertible preferred stock dividends of million. At December 31, 2020, the Company had accrued and unpaid dividends of million on the Series A convertible preferred stock outstanding. Preferred Stock Upon the closing of the IPO, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022 , and December 31, 2021, shares of preferred stock were outstanding. Common Stock On April 27, 2021, the Company amended and restated its Certificate of Incorporation, which became effective upon the closing of the IPO. The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock. Warrants for Class A Common Stock On April 28, 2021, Silicon Valley Bank exercised their warrants in a cashless net exercise using the closing price of the Company s common stock on the prior business day of as permitted by the warrant agreement. Accordingly, the transaction resulted in shares of the Company s common stock being issued to the warrant holders. The Company issued these warrants in 2019 to Silicon Valley Bank in connection with the terms of its debt agreement. Shares Reserved for Future Issuance 

Shares available for future awards granted under the 2021 Plan 

Unvested restricted stock units under the 2021 Plan 

Common stock available for Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Total 

Share-based Incentive Plans In April 2021, prior to the IPO closing, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved the 2021 Incentive Award Plan 2021 Plan ), which became effective upon the IPO closing. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for issuance of share-based compensation awards, including stock options, restricted stock RSA ), restricted stock units RSU and other stock-based awards. The number of shares initially reserved for issuance or transfer pursuant to awards under the 2021 Plan will be increased by (i) the number of shares represented by awards outstanding under the Company s 2014 Stock Option Plan 2014 Plan and collectively with the 2021 Plan, the Stock Plans that become available for issuance under the terms of the 2021 Plan and (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning in 2022 and ending in 2031, equal to the lesser of (i) of the shares of stock outstanding (on an as converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such smaller number of shares of stock as determined by the Company's board of directors; provided, however, that no more than shares of stock may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. Prior to the IPO, the Company was authorized to issue stock purchase rights and to grant options to purchase Class A common stock to employees, directors, and consultants under the 2014 Plan. Stock options under the 2014 Plan have a term of no more than from the date of grant and vest in equal installments over a maximum of . future awards can be granted under the 2014 Plan. The shares underlying outstanding and unexercised options granted to employees, directors and consultants under the 2014 Plan may become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan as follows: (i) to the extent that such an option award terminates, expires or lapses for any reason or is settled in cash without the delivery of shares, any shares subject to the award at such time will be available for future grants under the 2021 Plan; (ii) to the extent shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant, exercise price or tax withholding obligation with respect to any award under the 2014 Plan, such tendered or withheld shares will be available for future grants under the 2021 Plan; and (iii) to the extent that the Company repurchases the shares prior to vesting so that shares are returned to the Company, such shares will be available for future grants under the 2021 Plan. At December 31, 2022 , shares of common stock remain available for issuance as awards under the 2021 Plan. In January 2023, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan was increased by shares as a result of the automatic increase provision in the 2021 Plan. Stock Options Options under the 2021 Plan may be granted for periods of up to years at exercise prices no less than the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant; provided, however, that the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a stockholder may not be less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant and such option may not be exercisable after the expiration of from the date of grant. Stock options granted vest ratably over . 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

() 

Options canceled 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for stock options that were in-the-money as of year-end. Aggregate intrinsic values of options outstanding, options vested and expected to vest, and options exercisable were million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, respectively. Restricted Stock Units and Awards 

Shares or units granted 

Shares or units vested 

() 

() 

Shares or units forfeited 

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

RSUs and RSAs granted under the 2021 Plan generally vest annually over years in equal installments. The total fair value of RSUs and RSAs vested during 2021 was not material. The Company did t grant RSAs and RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2020, and had unvested RSAs and RSUs as of December 31, 2020. Employee Share Purchase Plan In April 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for purchase under the ESPP. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will be automatically increased each year for ten calendar years beginning in 2022 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or such number of shares as may be determined by the Company's board of directors; provided that the maximum number of shares that may be issued under the ESPP is shares. Each offering to the employees to purchase stock under the ESPP will begin on a date to be determined by the Company s Compensation Committee and will end no later than six months thereafter. The ESPP allows an eligible employee to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to of the employee s eligible compensation. At the end of each offering period, employees are able to purchase shares at of the lower of the fair market value of its common stock at the beginning of the offering period or at the end of each applicable offering period. The occurrence and duration of offering periods under the ESPP are subject to the determinations of the Company s Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. The Company has not yet commenced any enrollment periods under the ESPP. In January 2023, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP was increased by to shares as a result of the automatic increase provision in the ESPP. Stock-Based Compensation The weighted-average grant date fair values of the stock options granted were , and per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. to determine the fair value of stock options at the grant dates with the following assumptions for options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 fiscal years: 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Expected term (in years) 

- 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Research and development expense 

General and administrative expense 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to common stock options , which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSAs and RSUs , which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 

 consecutive months of service beginning on the employee s date of hire and (ii) employer profit sharing contributions after completing year of service. The Company matches employee contributions to the 401(k) plan at a rate equal to of the first of the employee s pre-tax salary contributed and of any additional contributions, including and up to of the employee s pre-tax salary. Participants vest in their Company matching contributions after of service and in any potential future nonelective contributions by the Company on a one -to- graded vesting schedule. Employer contributions under this plan were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

() 

() 

Adjust: Convertible preferred stock cumulative and undeclared dividends 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 

Common stock options issued and outstanding 

Unvested full value awards 

Total 

shares of its common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, at a price to the public of per share. This offering resulted in net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses payable by the Company of approximately million. 

 92 

It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) before filing this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Attestation Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As an emerging growth company, under Section 103 of the JOBS Act, we are not required to provide, and this report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent limitation on the effectiveness of internal control 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 It em 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 93 

It em 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable 
 94 

PART III 
 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 We have adopted a code of conduct applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons performing similar functions. A copy of our code of conduct is available on our principal corporate website at www.treace.com in the Investors section under Corporate Governance . We intend to post any required disclosures regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of conduct on the same website. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is GRANT THORNTON LLP, Jacksonville, FL, Auditor Firm ID: 248. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 95 

PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Our financial statements are listed in the Index to the Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All schedules to the financial statements are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) EXHIBITS 

The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc . 
 8-K 
 001-40355 
 3.1 
 4-27-21 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-40355 
 3.2 
 4-27-21 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 
 333-254863 
 4.2 
 4-19-21 

4.2 
 Description of common stock of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. 
 10-K 
 001-40355 
 4.2 
 3-4-22 

10.1+ 
 Offer Letter Agreement by and between Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Mark L. Hair dated as of September 11, 2020. 
 S-1 
 333-254863 
 10.9 
 3-30-21 

10.2+ 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and John T. Treace 
 S-1/A 
 333-254863 
 10.13 
 4-19-21 

10.3+ 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Mark Hair 
 S-1/A 
 333-254863 
 10.6 
 4-19-21 

10.4+ 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Aaron Berutti 
 10-Q 
 001-40355 
 10.2 
 11-4-21 

10.5+ 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Scot Elder 
 10-K 
 001-40355 
 10.7 
 3-4-22 

10.6+ 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Sean F. Scanlan 
 10-Q 
 001-40355 
 10.7 
 8-5-21 

10.7+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and executive officers. 
 S-1/A 
 333-254863 
 10.1 
 4-19-21 

10.8+ 
 2014 Stock Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 
 333-254863 
 10.2(a) 
 3-30-21 

96 

10.9+ 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Directors under 2014 Stock Plan 
 S-1 
 333-254863 
 10.2(b) 
 3-30-21 

10.10+ 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Employees under 2014 Stock Plan 
 S-1 
 333-254863 
 10.2(c) 
 3-30-21 

10.11+ 
 Form of Notice of Option Exercise under 2014 Stock Plan. 
 S-1 
 333-254863 
 10.2(d) 
 3-30-21 

10.12+ 
 2021 Incentive Award Plan and related form agreements 
 S-1/A 
 333-254863 
 10.3 
 4-19-21 

10.13+ 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 
 333-254863 
 10.11 
 4-19-21 

10.14+ 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 

X 

10.15 
 Form of Product Development Royalty Agreement. 
 S-1 
 333-254863 
 10.12 
 3-30-21 

10.16 
 Credit and Security Agreement (Revolving Loan) dated as of April 29, 2022, by and among Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Midcap Funding IV Trust. 
 10-Q 
 001-40355 
 10.1 
 8-10-22 

10.17 
 Credit and Security Agreement (Term Loan) dated as of April 29, 2022 by and among Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Midcap Financial Trust. 
 10-Q 
 001-40355 
 10.2 
 8-10-22 

10.18 
 Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement (Revolving Loan) dated as of April 29, 2022, by and among Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Midcap Funding IV Trust 
 10-Q 
 001-40355 
 10.1 
 11-9-22 

10.18 
 Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement (Term Loan) dated as of April 29, 2022 by and among Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. and Midcap Financial Trust 
 10-Q 
 001-40355 
 10.2 
 11-9-22 

23.1 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto). 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1# 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2# 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

97 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 # The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 It em 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 98 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ John T. Treace 

Name: 
 John T. Treace 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mark L. Hair 

Name: 
 Mark L. Hair 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWE R OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John T. Treace, Mark L. Hair, and Scot M. Elder, and each of them, his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature /s/ John T. Treace 
 Title Chief Executive Officer, Founder and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date March 8, 2023 

John T. Treace 

/s/ Mark L. Hair Mark L. Hair 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 8, 2023 

/s/ James T. Treace James T. Treace 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 March 8, 2023 

/s/ F. Barry Bays F. Barry Bays 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

/s/ John K. Bakewell John K. Bakewell 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

/s/ Lance W. Berry Lance W. Berry 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

99 

/s/ Lawrence W. Hamilton Lawrence W. Hamilton 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

/s/ Deepti Jain 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Deepti Jain 

/s/ Elizabeth S. Hanna 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Elizabeth S. Hanna 

/s/ Jane E. Kiernan 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Jane E. Kiernan 

/s/ Richard W. Mott Richard W. Mott 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

/s/ Thomas E. Timbie Thomas E. Timbie 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

100 

<EX-10>
 2
 tmci-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 
 Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 
 Amended and Restated December 13, 2022, as amended on January 20, 2023 
 
 This Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. (the Company Non-Employee Director Compensation Program (this Program was adopted under the Company s 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan effective as of the closing of the Company s initial public offering of its common stock and was amended and restated on December 13, 2022 (the Restatement Date and amended on January 20, 2023. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed in the Plan. The cash and equity compensation described in this Program shall be paid or be made, as applicable, automatically and without further action of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), to each member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company (each, a Non-Employee Director unless such Non-Employee Director declines the receipt of such cash or equity compensation by written notice to the Company. The notice shall be effective for all subsequent compensation payable after the Company s receipt of such notice unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Company and the Non-Employee Director. 
 
 Cash Compensation All Non-Employee Directors are entitled to receive the following annual cash compensation for his or her services: 
 
 45,000 per year for services as a Board member 

45,000 per year additionally for services as Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

20,000 per year additionally for services as Chairperson of the Audit Committee 

10,000 per year additionally for service as an Audit Committee member 

15,000 per year additionally for service as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee 

7,500 per year additionally for service as a Compensation Committee member 

10,000 per year additionally for service as Chairperson of the Nominating, Compliance and Governance Committee 

5,000 per year additionally for service as a Nominating, Compliance and Governance Committee member 

Each annual cash retainer and additional annual fee is paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis. In the event a Non-Employee Director does not serve as a Non-Employee Director, or in the applicable positions described above, for an entire calendar quarter, the retainer paid to such Non-Employee Director shall be prorated for the portion of such calendar quarter actually served as a Non-Employee Director, or in such position, as applicable. 
 
 Initial Equity Grant for Non-Employee Directors : Each Non-Employee Director who is initially elected or appointed to serve on the Board after the Restatement Date shall be granted under the 2021 Plan or any other applicable Company equity incentive plan then-maintained by the Company (together with the 2021 Plan, the Plan an equity grant with a value equivalent to 250,000, consisting of (1) an option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Initial Option with the number of shares subject to the Initial Option determined by dividing 125,000 (50 of 250,000) by the Black-Scholes Value (as defined below) on the grant date, rounded up to the nearest multiple of five, and (2) an award of restricted stock units (the Initial RSU Award with the number of restricted stock units determined by dividing 125,000 (50 of 250,000) by the closing trading price of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date, rounded up to the nearest whole unit. The Initial Option and Initial RSU Award will be automatically granted on the date on which such Non-Employee Director commences service on the Board. The Initial Option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36 th of the underlying shares on each monthly anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Non-Employee Director s continued service through the applicable vesting date. For purposes hereof, Black Scholes Value means the fair value of an option to purchase one share of the Company s Common Stock determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model based on the Fair Market Value of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date and the most recent volatility, risk-free rate and life expectancy assumptions as of the grant date in the Company s financial statements disclosing those assumptions. The Initial RSU Award will vest as to one-third of the underlying restricted 
 Exh 10.14 Director Compensation Program page 1 

stock units on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the Non-Employee Director s continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Annual Equity Grant for Non-Employee Directors : Each Non-Employee Director who (i) has been serving on the Board for at least four months as of each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders (each, an Annual Meeting ), beginning with the 2023 Annual Meeting, and (ii) will continue to serve as a Non-Employee Director immediately following such Annual Meeting, shall be granted under the Plan equity awards with a value equivalent to 145,000, consisting of (1) an option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Annual Option with the number of shares subject to the Annual Option determined by dividing 72,500 (50 of 145,000) by the Black Scholes Value, rounded up to the nearest multiple of five, and (2) an award of restricted stock units (the Annual RSU Award with the number of restricted stock units determined by dividing 72,500 (50 of 145,000) by the closing trading price of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date, rounded up to the nearest whole unit. The Annual Option and Annual RSU Award will be automatically granted on the date of the applicable Annual Meeting. The Annual Option shall vest and become exercisable as to 1/12 th of the underlying shares on each monthly anniversary of the grant date, provided that the last installment shall vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date, and (ii) immediately before the next Annual Meeting following the grant date, subject in each case to the Non-Employee Director s continued service through the applicable vesting date. The Annual RSU Award shall vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date, and (ii) immediately before the next Annual Meeting following the grant date, subject to the Non-Employee Director s continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Other Terms of Equity Awards : Each Initial Option and Annual Option shall have an exercise price per share equal to Fair Market Value as of the grant date. Unless otherwise provided by the Board, no portion of an Initial Option, Initial RSU Award, Annual Option or Annual RSU Award, which is unvested or, as applicable, unexercisable at the time of a Non-Employee Director s termination of service with the Company (as determined by the Board) shall become vested and, as applicable, exercisable thereafter. Any Initial Option, Initial RSU Award, Annual Option or Annual RSU Award granted hereunder shall be subject to the Plan and the applicable standard form of award agreement thereunder, as modified to reflect the terms herein. 
 Members of the Board who are employees of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company who subsequently terminate their employment with the Company and any parent or subsidiary of the Company and remain on the Board will not receive an Initial Option or Initial RSU Award, but to the extent that they are otherwise eligible, will be eligible to receive, after termination from employment with the Company and any parent or subsidiary of the Company, Annual Options and Annual RSU Awards as described above. 
 Election to Defer Issuances : The Board or its Compensation Committee may, in its discretion, provide each Non-Employee Director with the opportunity to defer the issuance of the shares underlying restricted stock units granted under this Program that would otherwise be issued to the Non-Employee Director in connection with the vesting of the restricted stock units until the earliest of a fixed date properly elected by the Non-Employee Director, the Non-Employee Director s Termination of Service or a Change in Control. Any such deferral election Deferral Election shall be subject to such rules, conditions and procedures as shall be determined by the Board or its Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, which rules, conditions and procedures shall at all times comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, unless otherwise specifically determined by the Board or its Compensation Committee. If an individual elects to defer the delivery of the shares underlying restricted stock units granted under this Program, settlement of the deferred restricted stock units shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Deferral Election. 
 Election Method : Each Deferral Election must be submitted to the Company in the form and manner specified by the Board or its Compensation Committee. Deferral Elections must comply with the following timing requirements: 
 Initial Deferral Election . Each individual who first becomes a Non-Employee Director may make a Deferral Election with respect to the Non-Employee Director s restricted stock units to be granted under the Program in the same calendar year as such individual first becomes a Non-Employee Director (the Initial Deferral Election ). The Initial Deferral Election must be submitted to the Company on or before the date that the individual first becomes a Non-Employee Director (the Initial Election Deadline ), and the Initial Deferral Election shall become final and irrevocable as of the Initial Election Deadline. 

Exh 10.14 Director Compensation Program page 2 

Annual Deferral Election . No later than December 31 of each calendar year, or such earlier deadline as may be established by the Board or its Compensation Committee in its discretion (the Annual Election Deadline ), each individual who is a Non-Employee Director as of immediately before the applicable Annual Election Deadline may make a Deferral Election with respect to the restricted stock units to be granted under the Program in the following calendar year (the Annual Deferral Election ). The Annual Deferral Election must be submitted to the Company on or before the applicable Annual Election Deadline and shall become final and irrevocable for the subsequent calendar year as of the applicable Annual Election Deadline. 

Change in Control : Upon a Change in Control, all outstanding equity awards granted under the Plan and any other equity incentive plan maintained by the Company that are held by a Non-Employee Director shall become fully vested and/or exercisable, irrespective of any other provisions of the Non-Employee Director s award agreement, subject to such Non-Employee Director s continued service as of immediately prior to such Change in Control. 
 Reimbursements : The Company shall reimburse each Non-Employee Director for all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business expenses incurred by such Non-Employee Director in the performance of his or her duties to the Company in accordance with the Company s applicable expense reimbursement policies and procedures as in effect from time to time. 
 Miscellaneous : The other provisions of the Plan shall apply to the equity awards granted automatically pursuant to this Program, except to the extent such other provisions are inconsistent with this Program. All applicable terms of the Plan apply to this Program as if fully set forth herein, and all grants of equity awards hereby are subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. The grant of any equity award under this Program shall be made solely by and subject to the terms set forth in a written agreement in a form approved by the Board and duly executed by an executive officer of the Company. 
 Exh 10.14 Director Compensation Program page 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 3
 tmci-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-255541 and File No. 333-263327 ), and on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-269622). 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Jacksonville, Florida 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 tmci-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John T. Treace, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Reserved] 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John T. Treace 

John T. Treace 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 tmci-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark L. Hair, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Reserved] 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark L. Hair 

Mark L. Hair 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 tmci-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John T. Treace 

John T. Treace 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 tmci-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark L. Hair 

Mark L. Hair 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 31
 tmci-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 32
 tmci-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 33
 tmci-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 34
 tmci-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 35
 tmci-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

