<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_878828_0001493152-23-008638.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7612566</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193345</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1298723</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2298753</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1682744</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1956594</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008638.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323080045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WIRELESS TELECOM GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000878828
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				222582295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11916
		FILM NUMBER:		23754509

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 EASTMANS ROAD
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-386-9696

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 EASTMANS ROAD
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOISE COM INC/NJ
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008638.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

none 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
reporting company 
 
 Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standard provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the registrants Common Stock, .01 par value, held by non-affiliates and computed by reference to the
closing price as reported by NYSE American on June 30, 2022: . As of March 6, 2023, there were shares of the Company s
common stock .01 par value) outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 16 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 56 

Item
9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 57 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 

Signatures 
 
 62 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, together with its subsidiaries we , us , our 
or the Company ), is pursuing strategic alternatives to accelerate the realization of value for our shareholders. On January
1, 2022, the Company was comprised of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., doing business as, and operating under the trade name NoiseCom, Inc.,
and its wholly owned subsidiaries including Boonton Electronics Corporation, Microlab/FXR LLC, Wireless Telecommunications Group Ltd.,
CommAgility Limited and Holzworth Instrumentation, Inc. (NoiseCom, Inc., Boonton Electronics Corporation, Microlab/FXR LLC, CommAgility
Limited Ltd., and Holzworth Instrumentation, Inc. are hereinafter referred to as Noisecom , Boonton , Microlab ,
 CommAgility and Holzworth , respectively). Our product groups were organized as follows: Radio Frequency Components RFC was comprised of our Microlab brand; Radio, Baseband, Software RBS was comprised of our CommAgility
brand; and Test and Measurement T M was comprised of our Boonton, Noisecom and Holzworth brands. 

As
more fully described under Divestitures below, on March 1, 2022, the Company completed the sale of Microlab to RF Industries, Ltd and
on December 30, 2022 completed the sale of CommAgility to E-Space Acquisitions, LLC. Subsequent to the divestitures of Microlab and CommAgility,
the Company is comprised of the T M business, which is made up of our Boonton, Noisecom and Holzworth brands. The T M business
provides radio frequency RF and microwave test equipment and low phase noise RF synthesizers to equipment manufacturers,
aerospace and defense companies, military and government agencies, satellite communication companies, semiconductor companies and other
global technology companies. 

In
accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of Microlab and CommAgility are presented as discontinued operations in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) and, as such, have been excluded from continuing operations. Further,
the Company reclassified the assets and liabilities of Microlab and CommAgility as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated
basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. Our consolidated financial statements from continuing operations include
the accounts of Noisecom, Boonton and Holzworth. 

Divestiture
of Microlab and CommAgility 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Microlab entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Microlab
Purchase Agreement with RF Industries, Ltd., a Nevada corporation (the Buyer or RF Industries whereby
the Buyer agreed to purchase 100 of the membership interests in Microlab for a purchase price of 24,250,000, subject to certain adjustments
as set forth in the Microlab Purchase Agreement. The board of directors of each of the Company and the Buyer unanimously approved the
Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the Microlab Transaction ). On February 25,
2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the Microlab Transaction at a Special Meeting of Shareholders held virtually via live
webcast and on March 1, 2022, the Transaction closed. 

At
closing the Company received approximately 22.8 million in proceeds net of indemnification and purchase price adjustment holdbacks of
 150,000 and 100,000, respectively, and direct expenses of approximately 1.1 million including fees to our advisors. In July 2022,
the Company received 225,000 in final purchase price adjustment primarily related to the working capital adjustment and, on March 1,
2023, the Company received the indemnification holdback amount of 150,000. In total, the Company received net proceeds of approximately
 23.1 million related to the Microlab Transaction. In 2022, the Company used 4.2 million of the Microlab Transaction proceeds to repay
in full our outstanding term loan with Muzinich BDC and approximately 600,000 was used to repay in full our outstanding revolver balance
related to the Bank of America credit agreement. The Company terminated both the Muzinich term loan and Bank of America credit facility
as of the Microlab Transaction date. Additionally, concurrent with the closing, the Company entered into a sublease with RF Industries,
Ltd for approximately one-half of the square footage of our corporate headquarters in Parsippany, NJ. 

On
December 4, 2022, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Wireless Telecommunications Group, Ltd, a company organized under the
laws of England and Wales Holdings ), which owns 100 of the outstanding securities of CommAgility, entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the CommAgility Purchase Agreement with E-Space Acquisitions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Buyer or E-Space ), and eSpace Inc., a Delaware corporation, as guarantor. The CommAgility Purchase Agreement
provided for the purchase by the Buyer of 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Holdings (the Securities from the Company. The board of directors or other governing body of each of the Company and the Buyer unanimously approved the CommAgility
Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the CommAgility Transaction ). Under the terms
of the CommAgility Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for the Securities was estimated to be approximately 14.5 million, inclusive
of 13.8 million in cash consideration and a 750,000 note payable, under which the note was subject to agreed-upon reductions of 650,000. 

3 

The
CommAgility Transaction closed on December 30, 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of 12.2 million which is comprised of the
cash consideration of 13.8 million less direct expenses of approximately 1.6 million. The note payable of 750,000 has been offset
by agreed-upon reductions of 650,000 for a net balance due of approximately 100,000 which is due one year from the date of the CommAgility
Transaction closing or upon a change in control as defined in the CommAgility Purchase Agreement. The note receivable balance of 100,000
has been further offset by the 2023 UK transaction taxes of approximately 69,000 and the expected net proceeds of the note is approximately
 31,000. 

The
CommAgility Transaction and Microlab Transaction resulted in net proceeds of approximately 35.3 million in 2022. As of December 31,
2022, subsequent to both the CommAgility Transaction and Microlab Transaction the Company had a cash balance of 20.7 million with no
debt or earnout liabilities. The Company continues to explore strategic alternatives for the remaining T M business. We do not expect
to comment further or update the market with any additional information on the process unless and until its Board of Directors has approved
a specific transaction or otherwise deems disclosure appropriate or necessary. There can be no assurance that the evaluation of strategic
alternatives will result in any strategic alternative transaction, or any assurance as to its outcome or timing. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations presented
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 2022 exclude the results of Microlab and CommAgility for all periods presented.
The results of Microlab and CommAgility have been recorded as discontinued operations in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance.
Further, the assets and liabilities of Microlab and CommAgility have been reclassified as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

Customers 

Our
customers include aerospace and defense companies, military and government agencies, satellite communication companies, semiconductor
manufacturers, and other global technology companies. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, one customer accounted
for 15 and 13 of total consolidated revenues, respectively. 

Products 

Our
products include RF power meters, sensors and analyzers, RF synthesizers, noise generators and components and phased noise analyzers.
Our services include calibration, repair and maintenance. Our customers use our products in the testing of satellite communication systems,
radar systems, semiconductor manufacturing and for quantum computing. 

Market 

Since
the Company s incorporation in the State of New Jersey in 1985, it has been primarily engaged in supplying noise source components
and instruments and electronic testing and measurement instruments. In February 2020, we acquired Holzworth which specializes in supplying
RF synthesizers and phase noise analyzers to global aerospace and defense companies, the semiconductor industry and for quantum computing.
Approximately 65 and 63 of the Company s consolidated revenues in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, were derived from
commercial customers. The remaining consolidated revenues (approximately 35 and 37 in 2022 and 2021, respectively) were comprised of
revenues from the United States government (particularly the armed forces) and prime defense contractors. 

Brands
and Products 

Boonton 

Boonton
is a leader in high performance RF and microwave test equipment for radar, avionics, electronic warfare, electromagnetic interference
compatibility, and satellite and wireless communications applications due to our product quality and measurement speed and accuracy.
Used across the semiconductor, military, aerospace, and commercial communications industries, Boonton products enable a wide range of
power measurements and signal analysis for RF product design, production, maintenance and testing. 

Boonton
designs and produces electronic test and measurement equipment including power meters, power sensors, voltmeters, and audio and modulation
analyzers. These products measure and analyze the performance of RF and microwave systems used by the military and commercial sectors.
Boonton products are also used to test terrestrial and satellite communications, radar and telemetry. Certain power meter products are
designed for measuring signals based on wideband modulation formats, allowing a variety of measurements to be made, including maximum
power, peak power, average power and minimum power. 

4 

Noisecom 

Noisecom
is a leader in RF and microwave noise sources for signal jamming, system impairment, reference level comparison and calibration, receiver
robustness testing, and jitter injection due to our product quality and product design flexibility. Noisecom designs and produces noise
generation instruments, calibrated noise sources, noise modules and diodes. Noisecom products are used to provide wide band interference
and test signals for sophisticated commercial communication and defense applications, and as a stable reference standard for advanced
systems found in radar applications and satellite communications. Noise source products: 

simulate
 challenging signaling conditions in data and radio frequency transmission systems, such as jitter testing for high speed data lines
 used in modern computer architecture; 

send
 signals for noise measurement to allow wireless receivers and transmitters to be optimized; 

are
 used for jamming radio frequency signals, blocking or disturbing enemy radar and other communications and insulating and protecting
 friendly communications; and 

comprise
 components in radar systems as part of built-in test equipment to continuously monitor the radar receiver and in-satellite communications
 where the use of back-up receivers is becoming more common. 

Electronic
noise generation devices from Noisecom come in a variety of product types including noise diodes, built-in-test modules BITE ),
calibrated noise sources, jitter sources, cryogenic noise standards and programmable instruments. Calibrated noise sources are available
from audio to millimeter wavelengths in coaxial or waveguide modules. Programmable instruments are highly configurable and able to generate
precise carrier-to-noise, signal-to-noise and broadband white noise levels. Noisecom products are customizable to meet the unique needs
of challenging applications and can be designed for high power, high crest factor, and specific filtering. 

Holzworth 

Holzworth
designs and manufactures specialty phase noise analyzers and RF synthesizers used by aerospace and defense companies, government labs,
the semiconductor industry, network equipment providers and for quantum computing sold to global technology companies. Holzworth products
are used in, among other things, research and automated test environments and for quantum computing. Holzworth RF synthesizers are optimized
for ultra-low phase noise performance, spectral purity and fast switching speeds and their phase noise analyzers are of the same innovative
design philosophy, optimized for measurement speed, z540 traceable accuracy and high reliability while measuring to noise floors at the
theoretical limit. 

Marketing
and Sales 

The
Company s products are sold globally through our in-house sales force, industry-specific manufacturers representatives and
through a network of authorized distributors. The Company promotes the sale of its products through its website, product literature,
published articles, technical conference presentations, direct mailings, trade advertisements and trade show exhibitions. 

The
Company s relationships with its manufacturers representatives and distributors are governed by written contracts that either
run for one-year renewable periods terminable by either party on 30 to 60 days prior notice or have indefinite lives terminable by either
party on 30 to 60 days prior notice. The contracts generally provide for territorial and product representation. 

Competition 

We
compete against many companies which utilize similar technology, some of which are larger and have substantially greater resources and
expertise in financial, technical and marketing areas than us. Some of these companies include Keysight Technologies, Inc., Rohde 
Schwarz GmbH Co. KG and Anritsu Corporation. 

5 

The
Company believes its competitive strengths include: 

long-standing
 relationships with a core group of diverse customers in the satellite, military, aerospace, semiconductor and quantum computing industries 

agility
 in providing highly customized and configured solutions to the customer s technical specifications 

an
 embedded base of products and instruments which leads to recurring purchases of our products 

extensive
 knowhow and IP related to high frequency noise generation, high performance RF power measurement and low phase noise performance 

Backlog 

The
Company s consolidated backlog of firm orders to be shipped in the next twelve months was approximately 6.6 million at December
31, 2022, compared to approximately 5.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in backlog is due to higher order flow in the second
half of fiscal 2022 as compared to the prior year. Management anticipates that the majority of the backlog orders at December 31, 2022
will be filled during the current year. The stated backlog is not necessarily indicative of Company revenues for any future period nor
is a backlog any assurance that the Company will realize a profit from the orders. 

Inventory,
Supplies and Manufacturing 

The
Company purchases electronic components, diodes, aluminum housings and printed wiring assemblies from domestic suppliers. The Company s
procurement policy requires maintaining adequate levels of raw materials inventory to minimize the Company s production lead times
with third-party suppliers and to improve the Company s capacity to expedite fulfillment of customer orders. During 2022 and 2021,
the Company experienced component shortages and longer lead times from suppliers. Although there was no material impact to our consolidated
financial statements in 2022 or 2021 as a result of supply chain disruptions, continued component shortages or extended lead times in
the future may have an adverse impact on the Company s operations. Two suppliers accounting for approximately 33 and 37 of consolidated
inventory purchases for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company is not party to any long-term contracts regarding the deliveries of its supplies and components. We generally purchase such items
pursuant to written purchase orders of both the individual and blanket variety. Blanket purchase orders usually cover the purchase of
a larger amount of items at fixed prices for delivery and payment on specific dates. 

For
Boonton and Noisecom products, the Company develops, designs, manufactures, assembles, calibrates and tests the products at our facility
in Parsippany, New Jersey. Testing of Boonton and Noisecom products is generally accomplished at the end of the manufacturing process
and is performed in-house, as are all quality control processes. 

Holzworth
products are designed, developed, assembled and tested in our facility in Boulder, Colorado. 

Warranty
and Service 

The
Company typically provides one to three year warranties on all of its products covering both parts and labor. The Company, at its option,
repairs or replaces products that are defective during the warranty period if the proper preventive maintenance procedures have been
followed by its customers. 

In
cases of defective products the customer typically returns them to the Company s facility. The Company s service personnel
typically repair the defective items and ship them back to the customer. Generally, all servicing is done at the Company s facility,
and the Company charges its customers a fee for those service items that are not covered by warranty. If the defective product cannot
be repaired, the Company typically replaces the product free of charge but unrepairable products are an infrequent occurrence. 

Product
Liability Coverage 

The
testing of electronic communications equipment and the accurate transmission of information entail a risk of product liability to the
Company. Product liability claims could be asserted against the Company by end-users of any of the Company s products. The Company
maintains product liability insurance coverage. No claims have been asserted for product liability due to a defective or malfunctioning
device in the past five years. 

6 

Intellectual
Property 

We
believe that our intellectual property, including its methodologies, is critical to our success and competitive position. We rely primarily
on trade secrets, as well as confidentiality agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. All employees are subject to
the Company s policies to ensure that all of the Company s intellectual property and business information are maintained
in confidence. Key employees have signed non-disclosure and non-competition agreements. 

Regulation 

Environmental 

The
Company s operations are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations that limit
discharges into the environment, establish standards for the handling, generation, use, emission, release, discharge, treatment, storage
and disposal of, or exposure to, hazardous materials, substances and wastes, and require cleanup of contaminated soil and groundwater. 

As
a result of the Microlab divestiture, the Company filed a General Information Notice with the New Jersey Department of Environmental
Protection NJDEP for our corporate headquarters in Parsippany, N.J. in accordance with the New Jersey Industrial Site
Recovery Act ISRA ). Additionally, the Company engaged a Licensed Site Remediation Professional LSRP to
perform a Preliminary Assessment PA and Site Investigation SI in accordance with the provisions of ISRA.
In accordance with ISRA, in February 2022, the Company posted a 100,000 letter of credit with the NJDEP. The PA identified several areas
requiring further environmental investigation which were addressed as part of the SI report. 

In
December 2022, the Company received the SI report from the LSRP. The SI report identified several areas requiring additional investigation
most notably elevated concentrations of hazardous substances in the groundwater that were above state and federal limits. The SI report
also stated that the groundwater contamination predates our occupancy at our headquarters. We engaged our LSRP to perform additional
testing in the first quarter of 2023 to further refine the Company s understanding of the contamination. As a result of the testing
performed in the first quarter of 2023, it is suspected that the groundwater contamination originated from an offsite source. Further
testing is being conducted to validate the findings. 

As
the Company believes that hazardous substances in soil and groundwater at our Parsippany headquarters predate our occupancy and/or were
caused by unrelated third parties, we believe that others, and not the Company, should be responsible for the cost of remediation. However,
we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in absolving the Company of the remediation liability. Based on our reasonable position
that we did not cause the contamination we do not think our potential liability would be material. 

In
fiscal 2022 the Company incurred approximately 140,000 in expenses related to testing and assessments associated with ISRA which are
recorded as general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has not accrued a liability related to the estimated remediation expenses due to the fact that the Company does
not believe it should be ultimately responsible for the remediation. 

Workplace
Safety 

The
Company s operations are also governed by laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health. The Company believes
it is in material compliance with these laws and regulations and does not believe that future compliance with such laws and regulations
will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 

ITAR
and Export Controls 

Certain
of the Company s products may be subject to International Traffic in Arms Regulation, or ITAR. ITAR requires export licenses from
the U.S. Department of State for products shipped outside the U.S. that have military or strategic applications. Because some of the
Company s products could have military or strategic applications, it must ensure its compliance with ITAR. 

In
addition, the Company is subject to the Export Administration Regulations, or EAR, which regulates the export of certain dual
use items and technologies and, in some instances, requires a license from the U.S. Department of Commerce in connection with
sales of the Company s products. 

The
Company believes it is in material compliance with all such export regulations. 

7 

FAR
and DFARS 

Certain
of the Company s contracts with the U.S. Government are subject to Federal Acquisition Regulations FAR regarding
government procurement. Further, certain of the Company s contracts are subject to the IT security requirements of Defense Federal
Acquisition Regulation Supplement DFARS for controlled unclassified information. 

The
Company believes it is in material compliance with applicable requirements of FAR and DFARS. 

Cybersecurity
Maturity Model Certification 

The
Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification CMMC framework is designed to protect Federal Contract Information FCI and Controlled Unclassified Information CUI that is handled, stored and/or processed by Defense Industrial Base contractors
and is being implemented to further protect the mission of the U.S. Department of Defense DOD ). CMMC applies to all DOD
contractors and anyone in the defense contract supply chain. Certain of our contracts with the defense subcontractors or direct with
the U.S Government may require compliance with CMMC. The original timeline for implementation of CMMC was based on a five-year phased
rollout schedule. The Company is in the process of completing self-assessments to comply with CMMC. 

Human
Capital 

The
Company is not subject to collective bargaining agreements and considers its relationship with its employees to be good. Subsequent to
the Microlab and CommAgility divestitures, on March 1, 2023, the Company has 68 total full-time employees. 

Investor
Information 

The
Company is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). Therefore,
the Company files periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically. 

You
can access financial and other information, including copies of our recent SEC filings, at the Company s Investor Relations page
on its website. The address of the website is www.wirelesstelecomgroup.com. The Company makes available, free of charge, copies of its
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or
otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. 

8 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Global
Economic and Supply-Chain Risks 

Adverse
global economic conditions and the related impact on our supply chain and the markets where we do business could adversely affect our
results of operations. 

The
uncertain state of the global economy (including the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related economic and other retaliatory
measures taken by the United States, European Union and others) continues to impact businesses around the world. The conflict between
Russia and Ukraine has led to and is expected to continue to lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries.
Our business has been and may continue to be negatively impacted by such conflict. The U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions
in which we operate have imposed severe sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and threatened additional
sanctions and controls. Deteriorating economic conditions or financial uncertainty in any of the markets in which we sell our products
could reduce business confidence and adversely impact spending patterns, and thereby could adversely affect our sales and results of
operations. In challenging and uncertain economic environments such as the current one, we cannot predict whether or when such circumstances
may improve or worsen, or what impact, if any, such circumstances could have on our business, financial condition and results of operations,
or on the price of our common stock. 

Our
operations are dependent on the ability of suppliers to deliver quality components, devices and printed wiring assemblies in time to
meet critical manufacturing and distribution schedules. If we experience any constrained supply of component parts due to global economic
uncertainties, such constraints, if persistent, could adversely affect operating results until alternate sourcing can be developed. There
could be an increased risk of supplier constraints in periods where we are increasing production volume to meet customer demands. Volatility
in the prices of these component parts, an inability to secure enough components at reasonable prices to build new products in a timely
manner in the quantities and configurations demanded or, conversely, a temporary oversupply of these parts, could adversely affect our
future operating results. 

Rising
inflation may negatively impact our profit margins 

Recent
inflationary pressures have increased the cost of energy and raw materials and may adversely affect our results of operations. If inflation
continues to rise and further impact the cost of energy and raw materials, we may not be able to offset cost increases to our products
through price adjustments without negatively impacting consumer demand, which could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

Strategic
Risks 

Our
operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. 

Visibility
into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of technology-related
spending and orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition,
our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality or cyclicality of our markets.
However, due to the uncertainties and volatile economic environment created by increased geopolitical tensions, including the war between
Russia and Ukraine, the impact of inflation, the potential for future recession, and continued supply chain challenges, the markets we
serve may experience increased volatility and may not experience the seasonality or cyclicality that we expect. Any decline in our customers 
markets would likely result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. If our customers markets decline, we may not
be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our financial position, results of operations, cash flows
and stock price, and could limit our profitability. In such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion
of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, R D and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly
enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins. 

The
cyclicality of our end-user markets could harm our financial results. 

Many
of the end markets we serve have historically been cyclical and have experienced periodic downturns. The factors leading to and the severity
and length of a downturn are very difficult to predict and there can be no assurance that we will appropriately anticipate changes in
the underlying end markets we serve or that any increased levels of business activity will continue as a trend into the future. If we
fail to anticipate changes in the end markets we serve, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected. 

9 

Our
industry is highly competitive and if we are not able to successfully compete, we could lose market share and our revenues could decline. 

We
operate in industries characterized by aggressive competition, rapid technological change and evolving technology standards. Current
and prospective customers for our products evaluate our capabilities against the merits of our direct competitors. We compete primarily
on the basis of technology and performance. 

We
also compete on price. Our competitors may introduce products that are competitively priced, have increased performance or functionality
or incorporate technological advances that we have not yet developed or implemented. 

To
remain competitive, we must continue to develop, market and sell new and enhanced products at competitive prices, which will require
significant research and development expenditures. If we do not develop new and enhanced products or if we are not able to invest adequately
in our research and development activities, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Many
of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, and have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we
have. Many of these large enterprises are in a better position to withstand any significant reduction in capital spending by customers
in our markets. They often have broader product lines and market focus and may not be as susceptible to downturns in a single market.
These competitors may also be able to bundle their products together to meet the needs of a particular customer and may be capable of
delivering more complete solutions than we are able to provide. To the extent large enterprises that currently do not compete directly
with us choose to enter our markets by acquisition or otherwise, competition would likely intensify. 

We
are exposed to risks associated with acquisitions and investments which could cause us to incur unanticipated costs and liabilities and
harm our business and results of operations. 

On
February 7, 2020, we acquired Holzworth Instrumentation, Inc., a company based in Boulder, Colorado. Additionally, in the future we may
make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses with complementary products, services and/or technologies. The Holzworth
acquisition and future acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to: 

difficulties
 and increased costs in connection with integration of the personnel, operations, technologies and products of acquired businesses; 

diversion
 of management s attention from other operational matters; 

the
 potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; 

lack
 of synergy, or the inability to realize expected synergies, resulting from the acquisition; 

implementation
 or remediation of controls, procedures and policies of the acquired company; 

failure
 to commercialize purchased technology; 

liability
 for activities of the acquired company prior to the acquisition, including violations of law, commercial disputes, escheat and tax
 and other known and unknown liabilities; and 

the
 impairment of acquired intangible assets and goodwill that could result in significant charges to operating results in future periods. 

If
we are unable to address these difficulties and challenges or other problems encountered in connection with any future acquisition or
investment, we might not realize the anticipated benefits of that acquisition or investment and we could incur unanticipated costs, liabilities
or otherwise suffer harm to our business generally. The difficulties and challenges of successful integration of any acquired company
are increased when the integration involves companies with operations or material vendors outside the United States. 

To
the extent that we pay the consideration for any future acquisitions or investments in cash or any potential cash earn outs, it has reduced
and may in the future reduce the amount of cash available to us for other purposes. Such payments also may increase our cash flow and
liquidity risk. Future acquisitions or investments could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities or the incurrence
of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or impairment charges against goodwill or intangible assets on our balance sheet,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Operational
Risks 

Failure
to renegotiate the terms of our current lease for our corporate headquarters or find another location suitable for our operations could
adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our
lease for our corporate headquarters and N.J operations in Parsippany expires on March 31, 2023. We are in negotiations with the landlord
for an extension and are also exploring other locations to lease. Should we not come to terms with the landlord on an extension by the
lease termination date we could incur charges above fair value for rent for industrial and office property which could have an adverse
impact our results of operations. 

10 

The
loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability to remain competitive; our development of new and upgraded products could be
adversely impacted by our inability to hire or retain personnel with appropriate technical abilities. 

We
believe that the continued service of our executive officers will be important to our future growth and competitiveness. However, other
than the employment agreements we entered into with our named executive officers, Timothy Whelan, Mike Kandell, and Dan Monopoli, we
currently do not have any other employment agreements with our management team. We cannot provide assurance that any key members of our
management team will remain employed by us. 

We
believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions in which we operate. However, global labor shortages, inflationary pressure
on wages, and increased global attrition have intensified competition for talent in most fields in which we operate, and it may become
more difficult to retain key employees. If we fail to retain key personnel and are unable to hire highly qualified replacements, we may
not be able to meet key objectives, such as launching effective product innovations and meeting financial goals, and maintain or expand
our business. 

Furthermore,
our ability to research and develop new technologies and products, or upgraded versions of existing products, will depend, in part, on
our ability to hire personnel with knowledge and skills that our current personnel do not have. If we are unable to hire or retain such
qualified personnel, our revenues could be negatively impacted, and our business could suffer. 

Our
future research and development projects might not be successful. 

The
successful development of new products can be affected by many factors. Products that appear to be promising at their early phases of
research and development may fail to be commercialized for various reasons. There is no assurance that any of our future research and
development projects will be successful or completed within the anticipated timeframe or budget or that we will receive the necessary
approvals from relevant authorities, customers, or prospective customers, for the production of these newly developed products, or that
these newly developed products will achieve commercial success. Even if such products can be successfully commercialized, they may not
achieve the level of market acceptance that we expect. 

If
our products do not perform as promised, we could experience increased costs, lower margins and harm to our reputation. 

The
failure of our products to perform as promised could result in increased costs, lower margins and harm to our reputation. We may not
be able to anticipate all of the possible performance or reliability problems that could arise with our existing or new products, which
could result in significant product liability or warranty claims. In addition, any defects found in our products could result in a loss
of revenues or market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, injury to our reputation, indemnification claims, litigation, increased
insurance costs and increased service costs, any of which could discourage customers from purchasing our products and materially harm
our business. 

Our
business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches. 

Attempts
by others to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems are becoming more sophisticated and are sometimes successful.
These attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks
and impersonating authorized users, among others. We seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence,
but in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. The theft, unauthorized use or publication of our
intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment
in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. To the extent that any security
breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers or licensees confidential information, we may incur liability
as a result. In addition, we might be required to devote significant additional resources to the security of our information technology
systems. 

11 

We
rely on our information technology systems to manage numerous aspects of our business and a disruption of these systems could adversely
affect our business. 

Our
information technology, or IT, systems are an integral part of our business. We depend on our IT systems for scheduling, sales order
entry, purchasing, materials management, accounting, and production functions. Our IT systems also allow us to ship products to our customers
on a timely basis, maintain cost-effective operations and provide a high level of customer service. Some of our systems are not fully
redundant, and our disaster recovery planning does not account for all eventualities. A serious disruption to our IT systems could significantly
limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We
rely on manufacturers representatives to sell our products to key large accounts and the loss of a key manufacturer s representative
could have a material impact on our revenues 

Our
products are sold through a small in-house direct sales force as well as a network of industry specific manufacturers representatives
that have established relationships with our largest customers. Our arrangements with our manufacturers representatives generally
can be canceled by either party with advance written notice. The loss of a manufacturer s representative could result in a material
decline in revenues. 

Financial
Risks 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management devotes substantial time to compliance initiatives. 

We
have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses as a public company, including costs resulting
from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and regulations regarding corporate governance practices. The listing
requirements of the NYSE American require that we satisfy certain corporate governance requirements relating to director independence,
distributing annual and interim reports, stockholder meetings, stockholder approvals and voting, and soliciting proxies. Our management
and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensuring compliance with all of these requirements. 

Our
results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters. 

A
number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including a change in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed;
a change in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits; changes in applicable tax rates; changes in
accounting principles. We have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business
performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations. 

Our
stock price is volatile and the trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other larger companies in the test and measurement
industry. 

The
market price of our common stock has experienced significant volatility and may continue to be subject to rapid swings in the future.
From January 1, 2015 to February 17, 2023, the trading prices of our stock have ranged from 0.71 to 4.07 per share. There are several
factors which could affect the price of our common stock unrelated to our financial performance, including announcements of technological
innovations for new commercial products by us or our competitors, developments concerning propriety rights, new or revised governmental
regulation or general conditions in the market or for our products, and the entrance of additional competitors into our markets. 

Although
our common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE American, the trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other, larger
companies in the test and measurement industry. Traditionally, the trading volume of our common stock has been limited. For example,
for the 90 trading days ending on February 17, 2023, the average daily trading volume was approximately 22,000 shares per day and ranged
from between 900 shares per day and approximately 109,000 shares per day. Furthermore, we only have 21,438,571 shares of common stock
outstanding as of the date of this report. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness
depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. Because of our limited
trading volume, holders of our common stock may not be able to sell quickly any significant number of shares, and any attempted sales
of a large number of our shares will likely have a material adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

12 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion
regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock might be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. If any analysts issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, products or stock performance,
our stock price could decline. 

Legal
and Regulatory Risks 

We
could be subject to significant costs related to environmental contamination from past operations, and environmental contamination caused
by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future. 

The
Company s operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws, ordinances and regulations that
limit discharges into the environment, establish standards for the handling, generation, use, emission, release, discharge, treatment,
storage and disposal of, or exposure to, hazardous materials, substances and waste, and require cleanup of contaminated soil and groundwater. 

In
connection with the Microlab divestiture the Company engaged an LSRP to perform a preliminary environmental assessment and site investigation
in accordance with ISRA. The site investigation detected hazardous substances in the groundwater at our headquarter in Parsippany NJ.
The Company believes the contamination predates our occupancy and, accordingly, remediation should not be the responsibility of the Company.
However, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in absolving the Company of the remediation liability. Based on our reasonable
position that we did not cause the contamination we do not think our potential liability would be material. 

The
testing and use of electronic communications equipment and the accurate transmission of information entail a risk of product liability
claims being asserted by customers and third parties. 

Claims
may be asserted against us by end-users of any of our products for liability due to a defective or malfunctioning device made by us,
and we could be subject to corresponding litigation should one or more of our products fail to perform or meet certain minimum requirements.
Such a claim and corresponding litigation could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources and management attention, termination
of customer contracts and harm to our reputation. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address and comply with these laws and regulations
could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers and subjecting us to civil and criminal
penalties. 

We
have agreements relating to the sale of our products to U.S. government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes
and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the U.S. government. The laws governing government contracts differ from
the laws governing private contracts. For example, many government contracts contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable
to private contracts. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure
to comply with these regulations might result in suspension of these contracts, or civil and criminal penalties. 

Certain
of our products and our business are subject to ITAR, Export Administration Regulations, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other U.S.
and foreign government laws, regulations, policies and practices, and our failure to comply with such regulations could adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
international revenues, for which we also use foreign representatives and consultants, are subject to U.S. laws, regulations and policies,
including the ITAR and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and other export laws and regulations, as well as foreign
government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices which may differ from the U.S. government regulations in this regard. 

Compliance
with the directives of the U.S. Department of State may result in substantial legal and other expenses and the diversion of management
time. In the event that a determination is made that we or any entity we have acquired has violated the ITAR with respect to any matters,
we may be subject to substantial monetary penalties that we are unable to quantify at this time, and/or suspension or revocation of our
export privileges and criminal sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We
can give no assurance that under either the ITAR or the EAR we will continue to be successful in obtaining the necessary licenses and
authorizations or that certain revenues will not be prevented or delayed due to compliance issues related to the ITAR or the EAR. 

13 

We
are also subject to, and must comply with, the FCPA and similar world-wide anti-corruption laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010.
These acts generally prohibit both us and our third party intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose
of acquiring or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. We are required as well to maintain adequate record-keeping
and internal accounting practices to fully and accurately reflect our transactions. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced
government corruption. In certain circumstances, the FCPA and our programs and policies may conflict with local customs and practices.
If we or any of our local intermediaries have failed to comply with the requirements of the FCPA, governmental authorities in the United
States could seek to impose severe criminal and civil penalties. The assertion of violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws
could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are subject to various other governmental regulations, compliance with which could cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we
fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we could be forced to recall products and cease their distribution,
and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

Our
business is subject to various other significant international, federal, state and local regulations, including but not limited to health
and safety, packaging, product content and labor regulations. These regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become
more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or to remedy violations of
these regulations. Any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in cessation of our operations
or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. 

Third
parties could claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights which could result in substantial costs, diversion of
significant managerial resources and significant harm to our reputation. 

The
industries in which our company operates are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent litigation based
on allegations of patent infringement. From time to time, third parties may assert patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual
property rights to technologies in various jurisdictions that are important to our business. Defending claims, including claims without
merit, requires allocation of resources, including personnel and capital, which could adversely impact our results of operations. A successful
claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages, enter into costly license agreements,
or stop the sale of certain products, which could adversely affect our net revenues, gross margins and expenses and harm our future prospects. 

We
use specialized technologies and know-how to design, develop and manufacture our products. Our inability to protect our intellectual
property could hurt our competitive position, harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
believe that our intellectual property, including its methodologies, is critical to our success and competitive position. We rely primarily
on trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. If we are unable to protect
our intellectual property against unauthorized use by third parties, our reputation among existing and potential customers could be damaged
and our competitive position adversely affected. 

Attempts
may be made to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we may not be
able to prevent misappropriation of our technology or deter others from developing similar technology. Our strategies to deter misappropriation
could be undermined if: 

the
 proprietary nature or protection of our methodologies is not recognized in the United States or foreign countries; 

third
 parties misappropriate our proprietary methodologies and such misappropriation is not detected; and 

competitors
 create applications similar to ours but which do not technically infringe on our legally protected rights. 

If
these risks materialize, we could be required to spend significant amounts to defend our rights and to divert critical managerial resources.
In addition, our proprietary methodologies could decline in value or our rights to them could become unenforceable. If any of the foregoing
were to occur, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Environmental
and other disasters, such as flooding, large earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, or a combination
thereof, may negatively impact our business. 

Although
we manufacture our products in New Jersey and Colorado, we ship our products globally. Environmental and other disasters could cause
disruption to our supply chain or impede our ability to ship product to certain regions of the world. There can be no assurance that
environmental and/or other such natural disasters will not have an adverse impact on our business in the future. 

14 

New
Jersey corporate law may delay or prevent a transaction that stockholders would view as favorable. 

We
are subject to the New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act (the Act ), which could delay or prevent a change of control
of us. In general, the Act prevents a shareholder owning 10 or more of a New Jersey public corporation s outstanding voting stock
from engaging in business combinations with that corporation for five years following the date the shareholder acquired 10 or more of
the corporation s outstanding voting stock, unless board approval is obtained prior to the time that the shareholder reaches the
10 threshold. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Sarbanes-Oxley could have a material adverse effect on our business and common
stock price. 

As
a public company with SEC reporting obligations, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures to satisfy the
requirements of Section 404(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley, which require annual assessments by management of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company, we are exempt from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404(b)
of Sarbanes-Oxley. 

During
the course of our assessment, we may identify deficiencies that we are unable to remediate in a timely manner. Testing and maintaining
our internal control over financial reporting may also divert management s attention from other matters that are important to the
operation of our business. We may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley. If we conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not
effective, we cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing and remediation actions or its effect on our
operations. Moreover, any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting may impede
our ability to file timely and accurate reports with the SEC. Any of the above could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information or our common stock listing on the NYSE American exchange to be suspended or terminated, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

The
Company is subject to compliance with the policies and procedures of the NYSE American Exchange with respect to continued listing on
the stock exchange and our failure to maintain our listing would make trades in our securities difficult for shareholders. 

In
considering whether a security warrants continued trading and/or listing on the NYSE American Exchange, many factors are taken into account,
such as the degree of investor interest in the company, its prospects for growth, the reputation of its management, the degree of commercial
acceptance of its products, and whether its securities have suitable characteristics for auction market trading. Thus, any developments
which substantially reduce the size of a company, the nature and scope of its operations, the value or amount of its securities available
for the market, or the number of holders of its securities, might occasion a review of continued listing by the Exchange. Moreover, events
such as the sale, destruction, loss or abandonment of a substantial portion of a company s business, the inability to continue
its business, steps towards liquidation, or repurchase or redemption of its securities, may also give rise to such a review. The loss
of our listing on the Exchange could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders ability to sell our shares or for others
to purchase our shares. This could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. 

International
Risks 

The
success of our ability to grow revenues and develop relationships in Europe and Asia may be limited by risks related to conducting business
in European and Asian markets. 

Part
of our strategy is to increase revenues and build our relationships in European and Asian markets. Risks inherent in marketing, selling
and developing relationships in European and Asian markets include those associated with: 

economic
 conditions in European and Asian markets, including the impact of recessions in European and Asian economies and fluctuations in
 the relative values of the U.S. dollar, the Euro and Asian currencies; 

taxes
 and fees imposed by European and Asian governments that may increase the cost of products and services; 

greater
 difficulty in accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 

seasonal
 reductions in business activities in some parts of the world; 

laws
 and regulations imposed by individual countries and by the European Union, particularly with respect to intellectual property, license
 requirements and environmental requirements; and 

political
 and economic instability, terrorism and war. 

15 

In
addition, European and Asian intellectual property laws are different than and might not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent
as do U.S. intellectual property laws, and we will have to ensure that our intellectual property is adequately protected in foreign jurisdictions
and in the United States. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, competitors could use our proprietary technologies
in non-protected jurisdictions and put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts, including, without limitation, the statements
under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are forward-looking
statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by,
among other things, the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, should, anticipates or continues 
or the negative thereof of other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involves risks and
uncertainties. These statements are based on the Company s current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
currently lease our corporate headquarters located in Hanover Township, Parsippany, New Jersey which also serves as a manufacturing plant
for our Noisecom and Boonton brands. We also lease office and manufacturing space in Boulder, Colorado for our Holzworth brand. The table
below shows a summary of the square footage of these locations as of December 31, 2022: 

Leased 
 
 Parsippany NJ (corporate headquarters) 
 45,700 
 
 Boulder, CO 
 6,647 

The
Company believes its properties are suitable and adequate for its current purposes. The Parsippany NJ lease expires on March 31, 2023.
We are currently in negotiations with our landlord for a possible extension and are exploring other possible lease locations. 

Effective
with the Microlab divestiture on March 1, 2022, the Company entered into a sublease with RF Industries, Ltd for approximately one-half
of the square footage of our corporate headquarters in Parsippany, NJ. The sublease expires on March 30, 2023. The Company and RF Industries
are discussing a possible extension of the sublease. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
common stock of the Company is traded on the NYSE American under the name Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (Symbol: WTT). On March 6, 2023,
the Company had 352 stockholders of record. These stockholders of record do not include beneficial owners whose shares are held in nominee 
or street name . 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None in the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2022. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 the Company repurchased 38,868
shares of common stock from employees to cover income tax withholding obligations for vested restricted common shares. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Set
forth below is certain aggregated information with respect to the Company s equity compensation plans. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in the previous columns) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,551,167 
 1.65 
 378,125 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 2,551,167 
 1.65 
 378,125 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

17 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

In
2021, the Company was comprised of five brands Microlab, Boonton, Noisecom, CommAgility and Holzworth organized as three product
groups. Our product groups were organized as follows: Radio Frequency Components RFC was comprised of our Microlab brand;
Radio, Baseband, Software RBS was comprised of our CommAgility brand; and Test and Measurement T M was comprised of our Boonton, Noisecom and Holzworth brands. 

On
March 1, 2022, we sold Microlab to RF Industries, Ltd and on December 30, 2022 we sold CommAgility to E-Space Acquisitions, LLC. Subsequent
to the divestitures of Microlab and CommAgility the Company is comprised of the T M business which is made up of our Boonton, Noisecom
and Holzworth brands. The T M business provides RF and microwave test equipment and low phase noise RF synthesizers to equipment
manufacturers, aerospace and defense companies, military and government agencies, satellite communication companies, semiconductor companies
and other global technology companies. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations presented
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 2022 exclude the results of Microlab and CommAgility for all periods presented.
The results of Microlab and CommAgility have been recorded as discontinued operations in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance.
Further, the assets and liabilities of Microlab and CommAgility have been reclassified as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

Key
2022 Developments and Financial Results 

In
2022, the Company disclosed that we were pursuing strategic alternatives in order to maximize value for our shareholders. During the
year we completed two divestitures for total proceeds of approximately 35.3 million and repaid all outstanding debt and earnout obligations.
As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 20.7 million in cash. The remaining T M business generated 57.4 gross margins in
fiscal 2022 and ended the year with a backlog of 6.6 million, which was an increase of 1.1 million from the prior year. T M revenue
declined 1.4 from the prior year due primarily to general economic and global uncertainties which delayed capital expenditure decisions
by our customers for our products. T M second half bookings in 2022 increased from the first half of the year signaling a recovery
in spend by our customers resulting in the higher backlog. 

The
Company continues to explore strategic alternatives for the remaining T M business. We do not expect to comment further or update
the market with any additional information on the process unless and until its Board of Directors has approved a specific transaction
or otherwise deems disclosure appropriate or necessary. There can be no assurance that the evaluation of strategic alternatives will
result in any strategic alternative transaction, or any assurance as to its outcome or timing. 

The
financial information presented herein includes: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iii) Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Management s
discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses for
each period. The following represents a summary of the Company s critical accounting policies, defined as those policies that the
Company believes are: (a) the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and (b) that require
management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects
of matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates and assumptions are made by management to assess the overall likelihood that an accounting
estimate or assumption may require adjustment. It is reasonably possible that these estimates may ultimately differ materially from actual
results. See Note 1 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a description of all
of our significant accounting policies. 

18 

Discontinued
Operations 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-20 Discontinued Operations , the results of Microlab
and CommAgility are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
and, as such, have been excluded from continuing operations. Further, the Company reclassified the assets and liabilities of Microlab
and CommAgility as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. 

The
Company evaluated the Microlab and CommAgility divestitures in accordance with ASC 205-20 and determined that both transactions represented
a strategic shift, as defined, in the operations of the Company. Microlab and CommAgility were major discrete lines of business focused
on RF passive conditioning and LTE software development, respectively. The remaining T M business is focused on RF test equipment
and phase noise analysis. 

In
accordance with ASC 205-20 no expenses that are expected to continue in the ongoing entity after divestiture are reported within continuing
operations. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Topic 606 requires
the Company to identify the performance obligations in our revenue arrangements that is, those promised goods and services (or
bundles of promised goods or services) that are distinct and allocate the transaction price of the revenue arrangement to those
performance obligations on the basis of estimated standalone selling prices SSP s ). 

Sales
of our T M products generally consist of one performance obligation which is satisfied upon shipment to the customer. When contract
terms require transfer of control upon delivery at a customer s location, revenue is recognized on the date of delivery. 

Services
arrangements involving repairs and calibrations of the Company s products are generally considered a single performance obligation
and revenue is recognized as the services are rendered. 

Leases 

We
lease office space and certain equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements. We apply ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) to
our lease arrangements. In accordance with Topic 842, we assess all arrangements that convey the right to control the use of property,
plant and equipment, at inception, to determine if it is, or contains, a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present in
that arrangement. For those leases identified, we determine the lease classification, recognition, and measurement at the lease commencement
date. For arrangements that contain a lease we: (i) identify lease and non-lease components; (ii) determine the consideration in the
contract; (iii) determine whether the lease is an operating or financing lease; and (iv) recognize lease Right of Use ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected
lease term. The corresponding ROU asset is measured from the initial lease liability, adjusted by (i) accrued or prepaid rents; (ii)
remaining unamortized initial direct costs and lease incentives; and (iii) any impairments of the ROU asset. The interest rate implicit
in our lease contracts is typically not readily determinable and as such, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information
available at the lease commencement date, which represents an internally developed rate that would be incurred to borrow, on a collateralized
basis, over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. 

19 

Business
Combinations 

The
Company uses the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations which requires the tangible and intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed to be recorded at their respective fair market value as of the acquisition date. Goodwill represents the excess
of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are determined based upon the Company s valuation and involves making significant estimates and assumptions based on facts
and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. The Company uses a measurement period following the acquisition date to gather
information that existed as of the acquisition date that is needed to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The measurement period ends once all information is obtained, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 

Valuation
of Goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a purchase business combination.
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate that goodwill
might be impaired, by first performing a qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances impacting the reporting unit to determine
the likelihood of goodwill impairment. Based on that qualitative evaluation, if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair
value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further evaluation is necessary. Otherwise, we perform a quantitative impairment
test. 

The
Company has one reporting unit with goodwill which is Holzworth. The Company s qualitative assessment of Holzworth goodwill in
the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated no impairment. 

Intangible
and Long-lived Assets 

Intangible
assets include acquired technology, customer relationships and tradenames. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from ten to fourteen years. Long-lived assets, including
intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows
resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of an impairment loss for long-lived assets that management
expects to hold and use is based on the estimated fair value of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower
of carrying amount or estimated fair value less costs to sell. The estimated useful lives of intangible and long-lived assets are based
on many factors including assumptions regarding the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors, expectations
regarding the future use of the asset, and our historical experience with similar assets. The assumptions used to determine the estimated
useful lives could change due to numerous factors including product demand, market conditions, technological developments, economic conditions
and competition. 

Income
taxes 

The
Company records deferred taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between tax basis of assets and liabilities and the amounts at which they are carried
in the financial statements, based upon the enacted rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The
Company establishes a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company
periodically assesses the value of its deferred tax assets and determines the necessity for a valuation allowance. 

Realization
of the Company s deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate tax
jurisdictions in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences and from utilization of net
operating losses. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of
future taxable income are changed. 

Uncertain
tax positions 

Under
ASC 740, the Company must recognize and disclose uncertain tax positions only if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits of the position. The amounts recognized in the financial
statements attributable to such position, if any, are recorded if there is a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon the ultimate
resolution of the position. 

20 

The
Company has analyzed its filing positions in all of the jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has identified its federal tax return, the state tax returns in New Jersey, California and Colorado as
 major tax jurisdictions, as defined in ASC 740, in which it is required to file income tax returns. Based on the evaluations
noted above, the Company has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition or disclosure in its
consolidated financial statements. 

Based
on a review of tax positions for all open years and contingencies as set out in the Company s Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, no significant reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant to ASC 740 during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the Company does not anticipate that it is reasonably possible that any material increase or decrease
in its unrecognized tax benefits will occur within the next twelve months. 

Stock-based
compensation 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation which requires that compensation expense be recognized
based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The fair value of restricted share awards and restricted stock unit awards
is determined using the market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. The fair value of stock options at the date of grant
is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. When stock options are granted, the Company takes into consideration guidance
under ASC 718 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 (SAB 107) when determining assumptions. The expected option life is derived from
assumed exercise rates based upon historical exercise patterns and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to
be outstanding. The expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of our shares using daily price observations over an observation
period that approximates the expected life of the options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve rate in effect
at the time of grant for periods similar to the expected option life. The Company accounts for forfeitures for all equity awards when
they occur. 

Management
estimates are necessary in determining compensation expense for stock options with performance-based vesting criteria. Compensation expense
for this type of stock-based award is recognized over the period from the date the performance conditions are determined to be probable
of occurring through the date the applicable conditions are expected to be met. If the performance conditions are not considered probable
of being achieved, no expense is recognized until such time as the performance conditions are considered probable of being met, if ever.
Management evaluates whether performance conditions are probable of occurring on a quarterly basis. 

Inventories
and Inventory Valuation 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (average cost) or net realizable value. The Company reviews inventory for excess and obsolescence based
on best estimates of future demand, product lifecycle status and product development plans. 

Allowances
for doubtful accounts 

The
Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required
payments. A key consideration in estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts has been, and will continue to be, our customer s
payment history and aging of our accounts receivable balance. 

Warranties 

The
Company generally offers standard warranties against product defects. We estimate future warranty costs to be incurred based on historical
warranty claims experience including estimates of material and labor costs over the warranty period. 

21 

Comparison
of the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 with the year ended December 31, 2021 

Consolidated
net revenue decreased from 22.7 million in fiscal year 2021 to 22.4 million in fiscal year 2022 or 1.4 due primarily to general negative
economic and global uncertainties which caused delays in capital expenditure decisions by our customers resulting in lower sales of our
products. 

Consolidated
gross profit decreased 1 from the prior year period due to lower revenues. Consolidated gross profit margin of 57 was consistent with
the prior year. 

Operating
Expenses (in thousands) 

Twelve months ended December 31 

Operating Expenses 
 of Revenue 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Pct. 
 
 Research and development 
 1,791 
 1,718 
 8.0 
 7.6 
 73 
 4.2 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 4,046 
 4,003 
 18.1 
 17.7 
 43 
 1.1 
 
 General and administrative 
 9,638 
 9,076 
 43.0 
 40.0 
 562 
 6.2 
 
 Loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 - 
 386 
 0.0 
 1.7 
 (386 
 -100.0 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 15,475 
 15,183 
 69.2 
 67.0 
 292 
 1.9 

Consolidated
research and development expenses increased nominally from the prior year period due primarily to an increase in headcount expenses of
approximately 100,000 and an increase in depreciation expense of approximately 20,000 only partially offset by a decrease in third-party
research and development expenses of approximately 50,000. 

Sales
and marketing expenses were flat with the prior year period. External commissions expense increased approximately 190,000 from the prior
year due a larger mix of commissionable sales. Higher external commissions expense was offset by a decrease in headcount related expenses
due to lower sales headcount of approximately 113,000 and a decrease in third-party marketing spend of approximately 40,000. 

General
and administrative expenses increased 562,000 from the prior year due primarily to an increase in non-cash stock compensation expense
of 700,000 due to restricted share awards to employees in fiscal year 2022 and an increase in non-recurring expenses of 200,000 associated
with our strategic alternatives process. These increases were offset by various administrative expense reductions of approximately 300,000
in the following areas: third party legal and accounting expenses, investor relations, market research and consulting expenses and banking
fees. 

The
loss on change in contingent consideration in 2021 relates to an adjustment to the Holzworth earnout liability. The Holzworth earnout
liability was fully paid as of December 31, 2022. 

(Loss)/Gain
on Extinguishment of Debt 

In
2022, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of the Muzinich term loan of 792,000 primarily related to the write off of deferred
financing fees. In 2021, the Company recorded a 2.0 million gain on extinguishment of the Payroll Protection Program loan after we received
notice that our loan was fully forgiven. 

Other
income/expense 

Other
income increased 304,000 from the prior year due primarily to sublease income related to the sublease of approximately 50 of our Parsippany,
NJ location to RF Industries. 

22 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense decreased 1.1 million due primarily to the termination of the Muzinich term loan on March 1, 2022 concurrent with the Microlab
divestiture. 

Tax

Tax
benefit increased 177,000 from the prior year due to a higher taxable loss from the prior year. 

Net
(Loss) from Continuing Operations 

Net
loss from continuing operations increased 1.8 million due to lower gross profit caused by lower revenues, higher operating expenses
due primarily to stock based compensation expense and expenses related to our strategic alternatives process and the loss on extinguishment
of our debt. This was only partially offset by lower interest expense as compared to the prior year and a higher tax benefit. 

Net
Income from Discontinued Operations, net of tax 

Net
income from discontinued operations, net of tax in fiscal 2021 represents the net income of Microlab of 3.4 million and net loss of
CommAgility of (1.2) million. 

Net
income from discontinued operations, net of tax in fiscal 2022, represents the results of Microlab and CommAgility during the period
of ownership in 2022 as well as the gain recognized on sale of each business. Microlab s net income during 2022 was 158,000 and
CommAgility s net loss was 3.2 million. The Company recognized a gain on sale of Microlab of 16.5 million and a gain on sale
of CommAgility of 6.3 million. The combined net income from discontinued operations was offset by a tax provision related to discontinued
operations of 2.7 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Microlab entered into the Microlab Purchase Agreement with RF Industries,
whereby RF Industries agreed to purchase 100 of the membership interests in Microlab for a purchase price of 24,250,000, subject to
certain adjustments as set forth in the Microlab Purchase Agreement. The board of directors of each of the Company and RF Industries
unanimously approved the Microlab Transaction. On February 25, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the Microlab Transaction
at a Special Meeting of Shareholders held virtually via live webcast and on March 1, 2022, the Microlab Transaction closed. 

At
closing the Company received approximately 22.8 million in proceeds net of indemnification and purchase price adjustment holdbacks of
 150,000 and 100,000, respectively, and direct expenses of approximately 1.1 million including fees to our advisors. In July 2022,
the Company received 225,000 in final purchase price adjustments primarily related to the working capital adjustment and on March 1,
2023 the Company received the indemnification holdback amount of 150,000. In total the Company received net proceeds of approximately
 23.1 million related to the Microlab Transaction. In March 2022 the Company used 4.2 million of the Microlab Transaction proceeds to
repay in full our outstanding term loan with Muzinich BDC and approximately 600,000 was used to repay in full our outstanding revolver
balance related to the Bank of America credit agreement. The Company terminated both the Muzinich term loan and Bank of America credit
facility as of the Microlab Transaction date. 

On
May 30, 2022, the Company repaid the previously outstanding Coronavirus Business Interruption Loan Agreement CIBLS Loan with Lloyds Bank PLC Lloyds in the amount of 250,000. 

On
December 4, 2022, the Company, and Holdings entered into the CommAgility Purchase Agreement with E-Space, and eSpace Inc., a Delaware
corporation, as guarantor. The CommAgility Purchase Agreement provided for the purchase by the Buyer of 100 of the Securities from the
Company. The board of directors or other governing body of each of the Company and the Buyer has unanimously approved the CommAgility
Transaction. Under the terms of the CommAgility Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for the Securities was estimated to be approximately
 14.5 million, inclusive of 13.8 million in cash consideration and a 750,000 note payable, subject to agreed-upon reductions of 650,000. 

23 

The
CommAgility Transaction closed on December 30, 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of 12.2 million which is comprised of the
cash consideration of 13.8 million less direct expenses of approximately 1.6 million. The note payable of 750,000 has been offset
by agreed-upon reductions of 650,000 for a net balance of approximately 100,000 which is due one year from the transaction close or
upon a change in control as defined in the CommAgility Purchase Agreement. The note receivable balance of 100,000 has been further offset
by the 2023 UK transaction taxes of approximately 69,000 and the expected net proceeds of the note is approximately 31,000. 

The
CommAgility Transaction and Microlab Transaction resulted in the net proceeds of approximately 35.3 million in 2022. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has a cash balance of 20.7 million with no debt or earnout liabilities. We expect our cash balance and cash generated
by operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. Our ability to meet our cash requirements will
depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory
and other factors that are beyond our control. 

The Microlab Transaction will
be treated as a sale of the assets and liabilities of Microlab to RF Industries for U.S. federal and applicable state income tax purposes
and will result in a net taxable gain. The CommAgility Transaction will be treated as a sale of stock for U.S. federal and applicable
state income tax purposes and will result in a net taxable loss. We will utilize approximately 9.8 million of our federal net operating
loss carryforwards and approximately 8.0 million of our New Jersey state net operating loss carryforwards to offset the net taxable gain
generated from the 2022 divestitures. As of December 31, 2022, after utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards, the Company
has 5.2 million in U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards and 33.3 million in New Jersey state net operating loss carryforwards. 

The
Company currently is pursuing possible strategic opportunities, including potential divestitures, acquisitions, mergers, or other activities,
which may require significant use of the Company s capital resources. The Company may incur costs as a result of such activities
and such activities may affect the Company s liquidity in future periods. 

Sources
and Uses of Cash 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated cash balance was 20.7 million as compared to 4.5 million as of the prior year. 

Our primary sources of cash were
net proceeds of the Microlab Transaction and CommAgility Transaction which generated an aggregate amount of 35.3 million. Our primary
uses of cash were the repayment of the Muzinich term loan of 4.4 million, acquisition of treasury stock of 2.5 million and final payment
of contingent consideration and deferred purchase price related to the Holzworth acquisition 3.2 million, of which 1.4 million is classified
within financing activities on the consolidated cash flow statement, 250,000 is classified within investing activities and 1.6 million
is classified within operating activities. Additionally, working capital increased approximately 5.6 million due to higher accounts receivable
related to timing of shipments at the end of the year, higher inventory balances to mitigate long lead times caused by supply chain disruption
and estimated U.S. federal and state tax payments made during the year. 

Operating
Activities 

Cash
used by operating activities was 9.7 million in fiscal year 2022 as compared to cash provided by operating activities of 4.6 million
in fiscal year 2021. The cash usage in fiscal year 2022 was due primarily to an increase in working capital due to higher accounts receivable
caused by timing of shipments at the end of the year, higher inventory balances caused by higher levels of safety stock to mitigate long
lead times, estimated U.S. federal and state tax payments made in fiscal year 2022 of approximately 900,000 and the Holzworth earnout
payment of 1.6 million which is classified in operating activities. 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
provided by investing activities was 34.3 million in fiscal year 2022 due primarily to net cash proceeds of 35.3 million from the Microlab
Transaction and CommAgility Transaction. 

Financing
Activities 

Cash
used by financing activities increased from 4.2 million in the prior year to 8.2 million in fiscal year 2022 due primarily to repurchases
of our common stock of 2.5 million and final payment of the Holzworth earnout liability of 1.4 million. 

24 

Holzworth
Deferred Purchase Price and Earnout 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company had paid the final earnout and deferred purchase price liabilities related to the Holzworth acquisition.
There are no remaining purchase price liabilities. 

On
August 27, 2018, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 which was declared effective on September 17, 2018. On
July 21, 2021, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities,
Inc. (the Agent to issue and sell through the Agent, shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share,
having an aggregate offering price of up to 12,000.000 (the Shares ), as described in Note 5 Equity. From July
21, 2021 through August 6, 2021, the Agent sold 254,701 shares of the company s common stock for net proceeds of 739,000 after
deducting sales commissions paid to the Agent in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement and 560,000 after deducting direct
legal and accounting fees associated with the offering. The shelf registration statement expired on September 17, 2021 and was not renewed
by the Company. 

Purchase
obligations consist of inventory that arises in the normal course of business operations. Future obligations and commitments as of December
31, 2022 consisted of the following: 

Table
of Contractual Obligations 

 Payments by year (in thousands) 

Total 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Thereafter 
 
 Facility leases 
 666 
 276 
 158 
 163 
 69 
 - 
 
 Operating and equipment leases 
 97 
 29 
 29 
 29 
 10 
 - 
 
 Purchase obligations 
 4,535 
 4,535 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

5,298 
 4,840 
 187 
 192 
 79 
 - 

25 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Other
than contractual obligations incurred in the normal course of business, the Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements Affecting the Company 

A
discussion of recent accounting pronouncements is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 27 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 29 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 30 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 31 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 33 

26 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

 Parsippany,
NJ 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders 
equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Discontinued
operations Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 

During
the first quarter of 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of the Radio Frequency Components RFC Business and recorded
a gain from divesture, net of expenses of 16.5 million. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of
the Radio, Baseband and Software RBS Business and recorded a gain of divestiture, net of expenses of 6.3 million. At
the time, management determined that each of the proposed sales met the criteria for the RFC and RBS Businesses to have balances on the
December 31, 2021 balance sheet classified as held for sale and the results of operations as discontinued operations for all periods
presented in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 205-20 Discontinued Operations ASC 205-20 . The
gains recorded on the sales of these businesses resulted in significant tax consequences across multiple jurisdictions. 

27 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

We
identified discontinued operations as a critical audit matter because of (1) the level of operational and financial integration between
the RFC Business and the continuing operations of the Company; (2) the segregations of certain assets and liabilities of the RFC Business
before the divestiture and the identification of the results of operations thereon; (3) the complexity of the calculation of the gains
and resulting income tax expense for the RFC and RBS Businesses. These matters required significant audit effort to assess, and a high
degree of auditor judgement, including the need to involve our income tax specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the
income tax expense from discontinued operations. 

Our
audit procedures related to management s determination of the gain on sale and resulting income tax expense included the following,
among others: 

Evaluated
 the reasonableness of the RFC and RBS Businesses net asset balances from the prior period, results of continuing and discontinued
 operations and management s adjustments made to these balances 

Evaluated
 management s calculations of the gains on sales of the businesses including the completeness and accuracy of amounts included
 in such calculations and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations 

Examined
 the sale contracts and management s evaluation of the distinct assets and liabilities (or disposal groups) promised to the
 counterparties as well as consideration transferred to the Company 

With
 the assistance of our income tax specialists, evaluated: 

The
 reasonableness of the methods, assumptions, and judgments used by management to determine the income tax expense 

How
 such expense was allocated between continuing and discontinued operations 

The
 tax treatment of the gain under U.S. Federal and various State jurisdictions and in the United Kingdom 

The
 mathematical accuracy and presentation of the income tax expense and related income tax liabilities 

Assesses
 the presentation and disclosures related to discontinued operations to ensure proper application of ASC 205-20. 

/s/

March
23, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 

28 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

 (In
thousands, except number of shares and par value) 

December 31 
 December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable - net of reserves of and , respectively 

Inventories - net of reserves of and , respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - NET 

OTHER ASSETS 

Goodwill 

Acquired intangible assets, net 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Right of use assets 

Other assets 

Non current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Short term debt 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Short term leases 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Long term debt 
 - 

Long term leases 

Other long term liabilities 

Non current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 - 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued,
 and shares outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock at cost, and shares 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

29 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

 (In
thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) 

(Loss)/gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other income/(expense) 

Interest income/(expense) 

(Loss) before taxes 

Tax provision/(benefit) 

Net income/(loss) from continuing operations 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Net income/(loss) 

Other comprehensive income/(loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income/(loss) 

Income/(loss) per share from continuing operations: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Income per share from discontinued operations: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Income/(loss) per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

In
periods with a net loss, the basic loss per share equals the diluted loss per share as all common stock equivalents are excluded from
the per share calculation because they are anti-dilutive. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

30 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

 (In
thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock Issued 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid In Capital 
 Retained Earnings/(Deficit) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2020 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares in connection with stock options exercised 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares in connection with Holzworth acquisition 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares withheld for employee taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

ATM Shares Sold 

- 
 - 
 - 

Cumulative translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net income/(loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares in connection with stock options exercised 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Restricted stock forfeitures 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares withheld for employee taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share repurchase 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cumulative translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

31 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Wireless
Telecom Group, Inc. 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Twelve Months 

Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS (USED)/PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used)/ provided by operating
 activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss/(Gain) on extinguishment of debt 

(Gain) on sale of Microlab and CommAgility 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill and intangibles impairment 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance fees 

Share-based compensation expense 

Deferred rent 

Deferred income taxes 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Inventory reserves 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Deferred Revenue 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash (used)/provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED/(USED) BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capital expenditures 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 

Divestiture of Microlab, net 
 
 - 
 
 Divestiture of CommAgility, net 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided/(used) by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Term loan borrowings 
 - 

Term loan repayments 

Acquisition of treasury stock 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of contingent consideration 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Tax withholding payments for vested equity awards 

ATM Shares Sold 
 - 

Net cash (used) by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

32 

and of total consolidated revenues, respectively.
At December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for of consolidated gross accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, one customer accounted
for of gross accounts receivable. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, two suppliers accounted for approximately of total consolidated inventory purchases. For the year
ended December 31, 2021, two suppliers accounted for approximately of total consolidated inventory purchases. 

as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Inventory net 

as of December 31, 2022. 

- 
 years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 - 
 years 

Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the shorter of the remaining term of the lease or the estimated economic life of the improvement. Repairs
and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. 

and in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and million, respectively. 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of stock compensation expense previously recognized related to these grants. 

Potentially dilutive equity awards 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution 

The
weighted average number of options and warrants to purchase common stock not included in diluted loss per share because the effects are
anti-dilutive, or the performance condition was not met in 2022, was . 

The
weighted average number of options and warrants to purchase common stock not included in diluted loss per share because the effects are
anti-dilutive, or the performance condition was not met in 2021, was . The estimated number of shares issuable under the terms
of the Holzworth earnout, if the balance of the earnout was paid in shares of common stock at December 31, 2021 was . 

of the membership interests in Microlab for a purchase price of , subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the
Microlab Purchase Agreement. The board of directors of each of the Company and the Buyer unanimously approved the Microlab Purchase Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the Microlab Transaction ). On February 25, 2022, the shareholders
of the Company approved the transaction at a Special Meeting of Shareholders held virtually via live webcast and on March 1, 2022, the
Microlab Transaction closed. 

At
closing the Company received approximately million in proceeds net of indemnification and purchase price adjustment holdbacks of
 and , respectively, and direct expenses of approximately million including fees to our advisors. In July 2022,
the Company received in final purchase price adjustment primarily related to the working capital adjustment and on March 1,
2023 the Company received the indemnification holdback amount of . In total, the Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million related to the Microlab Transaction. In 2022 the Company used million of the Microlab Transaction proceeds to repay
in full our outstanding term loan with Muzinich BDC and approximately was used to repay in full our outstanding revolver balance
related to the Bank of America credit agreement (see Note 4). The Company terminated both the Muzinich term loan and Bank of America
credit facility as of the Microlab Transaction date. Additionally, concurrent with the closing, the Company entered into a sublease with
RF Industries, Ltd for approximately one-half of the square footage of our corporate headquarters in Parsippany, NJ. 

The
Transaction was treated as a sale of the assets and liabilities of Microlab to RF Industries, Ltd. for U.S. federal and applicable state
income tax purposes. 

In
accordance with ASC 205-20 Discontinued Operations , the results of Microlab are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) and, as such, have been excluded from continuing operations. Further, the Company
reclassified the assets and liabilities of Microlab as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Other expense 

Gain on divestiture, net of expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Income from Discontinued Operations before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Income from Discontinued Operations, net of income taxes 

The
following table summarizes the carrying value of the significant classes of assets and liabilities of Microlab classified as discontinued
operations as of December 31, 2021: 

Current Assets 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets 

Deferred tax asset 

Other non current assets 

Total non current assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Short term debt 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred income taxes 

Total current liabilities 

On
December 4, 2022, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Wireless Telecommunications Group, LTD, a company organized under the
laws of England and Wales Holdings ), which owns of the outstanding securities of CommAgility, entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the CommAgility Purchase Agreement with E-Space Acquisitions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ), and eSpace Inc., a Delaware corporation, as guarantor. The CommAgility Purchase Agreement provided for the purchase
by the Buyer of 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Holdings (the Securities from the Company. The
board of directors or other governing body of each of the Company and the Buyer has unanimously approved the CommAgility Purchase Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the CommAgility Transaction ). Under the terms of the CommAgility
Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for the Securities was estimated to be approximately million, inclusive of million
in cash consideration and a note payable, subject to agreed-upon reductions of . 

The
CommAgility Transaction closed on December 30, 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of million which is comprised of the
cash consideration of million less direct expenses of approximately million. The note payable of has been offset
by agreed-upon reductions of for a net balance of approximately which is due one year from the transaction close or
upon a change in control as defined in the CommAgility Purchase Agreement. The note receivable balance of has been further offset
by the 2023 UK transaction taxes of approximately and the expected net proceeds of the note is approximately . 

In
accordance with ASC 205-20 Discontinued Operations , the results of CommAgility are presented as discontinued operations in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and, as such, have been excluded from continuing operations. Further, the Company reclassified
the assets and liabilities of CommAgility as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of
December 31, 2021. 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Other expense 

Gain on divestiture, net of expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Income from Discontinued Operations before income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) 

Income from Discontinued Operations, net of income taxes 

The
following table summarizes the carrying value of the significant classes of assets and liabilities of CommAgility classified as discontinued
operations as of December 31, 2021: 

Current Assets 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total current assets of discontinued operations 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill and intangible assets, net 

Other intangible assets 

Total non current assets 

Total non-current assets of discontinued operations 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Short term debt 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred income taxes 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Long term debt 

Total non current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 

The
cash flows related to discontinued operations have not been segregated and are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows
for all periods presented. Microlab depreciation expense for the two months ended March 1, 2022 was not material. Microlab depreciation
expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and included in the consolidated statement of cash flows was . CommAgility
depreciation expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and included in the consolidated statement of cash flows
was and , respectively. Microlab capital expenditures were not material in the two months ended March 1, 2022 and were
 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. CommAgility capital expenditures were in fiscal 2022 and were 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

million of which million was paid in cash. The cash portion of the purchase price
was comprised of cash at close, deferred purchase price, holdbacks net of working capital settlement and the cash portion of earnout.
Additionally, of the purchase price was paid in shares of the Company s common stock. The total number of shares of the
Company s common stock issued as purchase price was . There are no additional earnout payments due for the Holzworth acquisition. 

million and accrued interest thereon. Additionally,
on March 1, 2022, the Company terminated that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of February 16, 2017 among the Company, its
subsidiaries and Bank of America, as amended on June 30, 2017, January 23, 2019, February 27, 2019, November 8, 2019, February 7, 2020,
May 1, 2020, February 25, 2021 and September 28, 2021 (the Credit Facility ), which included an asset based revolving loan revolver which was subject to a borrowing base calculation. The outstanding balance of the revolver at March 1, 2022
was approximately . The repayment of the Term Loan Facility and Revolver were funded by the proceeds of the Microlab divestiture.

The
Company accounted for the termination of the Term Loan Facility and Credit Facility as an extinguishment of debt in accordance with ASC
470 Debt. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of which was primarily comprised of unamortized debt
issuance costs. 

CIBLS
Loan 

On
May 27, 2021, CommAgility entered into the Coronavirus Business Interruption Loan Agreement CIBLS Loan with Lloyds Bank
PLC Lloyds ). Under the terms of the CIBLS Loan CommAgility could draw up to a maximum of for purposes of
supporting daily business cash flow. The CIBLS Loan was repayable in 48 consecutive equal monthly installments beginning in month 13
after the initial loan drawdown (12 month principal repayment holiday). Interest was payable monthly at the official bank rate of the
Bank of England plus an interest margin of per annum. Interest payments began in month 13 after the initial loan drawdown. The
first twelve months of interest payments were paid by the U.K. government. The CIBLS Loan was secured by the assets of CommAgility. 

On
July 1, 2021, CommAgility executed a draw down of the maximum amount of . On May 30, 2022, CommAgility repaid the CIBLS
Loan in full. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has no outstanding debt obligations. 

Issuance
of Stock Warrants 

Pursuant
to the Term Loan Facility, the Company issued a Warrant, dated February 7, 2020 (the Warrant ), to Muzinich. Under the Warrant,
Muzinich has the right to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (an aggregate
value of approximately ), based on a (the Warrant
Stock ). The Warrant is exercisable for an indefinite period from the date of the Warrant and may be exercised on a cashless basis.
The number of shares of common stock deliverable upon exercise of the Warrant is subject to adjustment for subdivision or consolidation
of shares and other standard dilutive events. Additionally, the exercise price may be adjusted based on a formula in the event of a common
stock offering by the Company at an offering price below fair market value, as defined, and below exercise price. In connection with
the issuance of the Warrant, the Company granted Muzinich one demand registration right and piggyback registration rights with respect
to the Warrant Stock, subject to certain exceptions. 

If
the Additional Acquisition (as defined in Term Loan Facility above) is consummated, the Company has agreed to issue to Muzinich
at the closing of the Additional Acquisition an additional Warrant for the right to purchase shares of common stock of the Company
at an exercise price of per share (an aggregate value of approximately ), based upon a as of February 7, 2020 (the Additional Warrant ). The Additional Warrant will contain
the same terms and conditions as the Warrant, except that Muzinich will have only one demand registration right, subject to certain exceptions,
with respect to shares of common stock of the Company issued under the Warrant and the Additional Warrant. No further acquisitions were
undertaken under the Term Loan Facility and as such no additional warrants will be issued. 

The
stock warrants issued to Muzinich are classified as equity. The fair value of the warrants, as calculated using the Black Scholes model
as of the issuance date, was approximately and was recorded as a reduction to the carrying value of the debt. The significant
inputs included in the Black Scholes calculation were a risk-free rate of , volatility of and the stock price on date of grant
of . 

million for a share repurchase program for the Company s
outstanding stock. The share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Company repurchased shares of
common stock for million inclusive of commissions. These shares have been recorded as treasury stock on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. 

On
July 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. (the Agent ), to issue and sell
through the Agent, shares of the Company s common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to . The Agent was
not required to sell any specific number of shares. Shares sold under the Sales Agreement were issued and sold pursuant to the Company s
previously filed registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-227051) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on August 27, 2018 and declared effective on September 17, 2018. A prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Shares was filed
with the Commission on July 21, 2021. 

From
July 21, 2021 through August 6, 2021 the Agent sold shares of the Company s common stock for net proceeds of ,
after deducting sales commissions paid to the Agent in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement and after deducting
legal and other expenses. 

The
registration statement pursuant to which the shares were sold expired on September 17, 2021 and was not renewed. 

months to years. At inception, the Company determines if an arrangement contains
a lease and whether that lease meets the classification criteria of a finance or operating lease. The Company s leases for office
equipment such as printers and copiers contain lease and non-lease components (i.e. maintenance). The Company accounts for lease and
non-lease components of office equipment as a single lease component. 

All
of the Company s leases are operating leases and are presented as right of use lease asset, short term lease liability and long
term lease liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These assets and liabilities are recognized
at the commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term using the Company s incremental
borrowing rate. Short-term leases, which have an initial term of 12 months or less, are not recorded on the balance sheet. 

Lease
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in cost of revenues and general and administrative
expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss). 

Cash
paid for amounts included in the present value of operating lease liabilities was and during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in operating cash flows. 

Operating
lease costs were and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the
Company recognized in sublease income in connection with our sublease with Microlab which is recorded in other income on the
consolidate statement of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present Value of operating lease liabilities 

Balance sheet classification 

Current lease liabilities 

Long-term lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Other information 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (months) 

Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 

Shipping
and Handling 

Shipping
and handling activities performed after the customer obtains control are accounted for as fulfillment activities and recognized as cost
of revenues. 

Disaggregated
Revenue 

We
disaggregate our revenue from contracts with customers by product family and geographic location as we believe it best depicts how the
nature, timing and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See details in the tables below (in thousands). 

Power meters and analyzers 

Services 

Total net revenue 

Total net revenues by geographic areas 

Americas 

EMEA 

APAC 

Total net revenue 

Net
revenues are attributable to a geographic area based on the destination of the product shipment. 

The
majority of shipments in the Americas are to customers located within the United States. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
sales in the United States amounted to million and million, respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, shipments to the EMEA region were largely concentrated in Germany and Israel. Shipments to Germany
and Israel in 2022 amounted to and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021 shipments to the EMEA region
were largely concentrated in Germany and the U.K. Shipments to Germany and the U.K. in 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

The
largest concentration of shipments in the APAC region were to China and Hong Kong, where shipments amounted to and 
for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, and and for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million related to the Holzworth acquisition. 

Proprietary technology 

Holzworth tradename 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount 
 
 Customer relationships 

Proprietary technology 

Holzworth tradename 

Total 

Amortization
of acquired intangible assets was for each of the twelve months periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amortization of proprietary
technology is included in costs of revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss). Amortization
of all other acquired intangible assets is included in general and administrative expenses. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Furniture fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Gross property, plant and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Depreciation
expense of and was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Security deposit 

Other 

Total 

Product
demo assets are net of accumulated amortization expense of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization
expense related to demo assets was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Goods received not invoiced 

Payroll and related benefits 

Accrued bonus 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued professional fees 

Sales and use tax 

Holzworth deferred purchase price 
 - 

Warranty reserve 

Other 

Total 

and , respectively. Such amounts
have been included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) within general and administrative expenses. 

Incentive
Compensation Plan 

In
2012, the Company s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Initial 2012
Plan ), which provides for the grant of equity, including restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, non-qualified stock
options and incentive stock options in compliance with the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to employees, officers, directors,
consultants and advisors of the Company who are expected to contribute to the Company s future growth and success. When originally
approved, the Initial 2012 Plan provided for the grant of awards relating to million shares of common stock, plus those shares subject
to awards previously issued under the Company s 2000 Stock Option Plan that expire, are canceled or are terminated after adoption
of the Initial 2012 Plan without having been exercised in full and would have been available for subsequent grants under the 2000 Stock
Option Plan. In June 2014, the Company s shareholders approved the Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2012
Plan allowing for an additional million shares of the Company s common stock to be available for future grants under
the 2012 Plan. The 2012 Plan provides that if awards are forfeited, expire or otherwise terminate without issuance of the shares underlying
the awards, or if the award does not result in issuance of all or part of the shares underlying the award, the unissued shares are again
available for awards under the 2012 Plan. As of December 31, 2021, there are shares available for issuance under the 2012 Plan. 

In
the second quarter of 2021, the Company s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2021
Incentive Plan ), which provides for the grant of equity-based and cash incentives, including stock awards, stock unit awards,
performance unit awards, non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options and cash awards, including dividend equivalent rights to
employees, officers, directors or other service providers of the Company who are expected to contribute to the Company s future
growth and success. The 2021 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of awards relating to million shares of common stock. As of December
31, 2022, there are shares available for grant under the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

All
service-based (time vesting) options granted have ten-year terms from the date of grant and typically vest annually and become fully
exercisable after a maximum of five years. However, vesting conditions are determined on a grant by grant basis. Performance-based options
granted have ten-year terms and vest and become fully exercisable when determinable performance targets are achieved. Performance targets
are approved by the Company s compensation committee of the Board of Directors. Under the 2012 Plan and 2021 Incentive Plan, options
may be granted to purchase shares of the Company s common stock exercisable only at prices equal to or above the fair market value
on the date of the grant. 

Service based restricted stock units 

Performance based stock options 
 - 

Service based stock options 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 the Company reversed in share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock
options that were forfeited and in share-based compensation related to unvested restricted stock awards that were forfeited
for employees exiting the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options, of unrecognized compensation
costs related to unvested restricted stock awards which are expected to be recognized over year and of unrecognized compensation
costs related to unvested restricted stock units which are expected to be recognized over months. 

As
of December 31, 2021, of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options is expected to be recognized over a
remaining weighted average period of years, of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested restricted shares is
expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years and of unrecognized compensation costs related
to unvested restricted stock units is expected to be recognized over months. 

In
the fourth quarter 2021, management deemed the revenue performance targets related to certain performance option grants dated April 7,
2020 and August 4, 2020 as not probable of being met. This was primarily due to the pending divestiture of Microlab and its related revenues.
Accordingly, the Company reversed of stock compensation expense previously recognized related to these grants. 

Restricted
Common Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested and issued 

Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Non-vested as of December 31 

On
January 6, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the grant of restricted common stock awards to named executive
officers Tim Whelan, Mike Kandell, Dan Monopoli and Alfred Rodriguez of , , and shares, respectively, which
vest in equal annual installments over two years. If an executive s service with the Company terminates before the restricted awards
are fully vested, then the shares that are not then fully vested are forfeited and immediately returned to the Company. The grant date
value per share was . 

On
June 16, 2022 and July 5, 2022, two employees were granted restricted stock in the amounts of and , respectively. Both grants
had a vesting term of and grant date per share value of and , respectively. Both grants were forfeited prior to
vesting as both employees exited the Company. The shares are included in grants and forfeitures in the table above and the compensation
cost was reversed. 

6/16/22 Service grant Employee 

7/8/22 Service grant Employee 

2021 

10/12/21 Service grant - Employee 

10/18/21 Service grant - Employee 

10/28/21 Service grant - Employee 

12/6/21 Service grant - Employee 

Restricted
Stock Units: 

In
fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, the Company granted Restricted Stock Units RSU to each of our board members. Each RSU represents
the Company s obligation to issue one share of the Company s common stock subject to the RSU award agreement and the 2021
Inventive Plan and 2012 Plan, respectively. The RSUs vest on the day before the first anniversary of the grant date or, if earlier, the
effective date of a separation of service due to death or disability, provided the board member has rendered continuous service to the
Company as a member of the board of directors from grant date to vesting date. Once vested, the RSU will be settled by delivery of shares
to the board member no later than 30 days following: 1) the third anniversary of the grant date, 2) separation from service following,
or coincident with, a vesting date, or 3) a change in control. 

A
summary of the status of the Company s non-vested restricted stock units, as granted under the Company s approved equity
compensation plans, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and changes during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are presented
below: 

Granted 

Vested and issued 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-vested as of December 31 

2021 

4/1/2021 - Service grant Board of Directors 

8/2/2021 Service grant Board of Directors 

Performance-Based
Stock Option Awards 

On
August 4, 2020 the Company granted performance-based stock options to our Chief Revenue Officer under the 2012 Plan. 

On
April 7, 2020 the Company granted performance-based stock options to various employees under the 2012 Plan. 

The
performance options granted on both August 4 and April 7, 2020 vest when the Company achieves consolidated revenue targets as outlined
in the schedule below: 

Consolidated
 annualized gross revenues million vesting 

Consolidated
 annualized gross revenues million vesting 

Consolidated
 annualized gross revenues million vesting 

Consolidated
 annualized gross revenues million vesting 

Consolidated
annualized gross revenues include revenue from Holzworth from acquisition date (February 7, 2020) forward, but do not include any additional
acquisitions from February 7, 2020 forward. Consolidated annualized gross revenues is calculated on a calendar year basis (i.e. twelve
months ended December 31). 

In
accordance with ASC 718 , compensation expense is recognized over the period from the date the performance conditions are determined
to be probable of occurring through the implicit service period, which is the date the applicable conditions are expected to be met.
If the performance conditions are not considered probable of being achieved, no expense is recognized until such time as the performance
conditions are considered probable of being met, if ever. If the award is forfeited because the performance condition is not satisfied,
previously recognized compensation cost is reversed. Management evaluates performance conditions on a quarterly basis. Prior to the fourth
quarter of 2021, the estimated implicit service period is April 2020 thru December 2025 for the April performance-based options and August
2020 thru December 2025 for the August performance-based options. In the fourth quarter of 2021 we deemed the performance conditions
related to these grants not probable of being met due to the pending Microlab divestiture and the resulting reduction of consolidated
revenue in the future. Accordingly, of stock compensation expense was reversed in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31 

Exercisable at December 31 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

No
performance-based stock options were granted in 2022 or 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, none of the performance-based stock options outstanding were exercisable as the performance conditions were not
met. The aggregate intrinsic value of performance-based stock options outstanding that were in the money (exercise price
was lower than market price) as of December 31, 2021 was and the weighted average remaining life was years. 

As
of December 31, 2021, none of the performance-based stock options outstanding were exercisable as the performance conditions were not
met. The aggregate intrinsic value of performance-based stock options outstanding that were in the money (exercise price
was lower than market price) as of December 31, 2021 was and the weighted average remaining life was years. 

The
range of exercise prices of outstanding performance-based options at December 31, 2022 is to with a weighted average exercise
price of per share. 

Service-Based
Stock Option Awards 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31 

Exercisable at December 31 

No
service-based stock options were granted in 2022 or 2021. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of exercisable and non-exercisable service-based stock options outstanding that were in the money 
(exercise price was lower than the market price) as of December 31, 2021 was and the weighted average remaining contractual
life was years. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of exercisable and non-exercisable service-based stock options outstanding that were in the money 
(exercise price was lower than the market price) as of December 31, 2021 was million and the weighted average remaining contractual
life was years. 

The
range of exercise prices of outstanding service-based options at December 31, 2021 is to with a weighted average exercise
price of per share. 

segment. 

and , respectively. 

Current Federal 

State 

Current State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Deferred Federal 

State 

Deferred State 

Total 

State income tax net of federal tax benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of PPP Loan 
 - 

Permanent differences 

Other 

Total 

In
2022, there were no material differences between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate. In 2021, the difference between the statutory
and effective tax rate is due primarily to the gain on extinguishment of the Payroll Protection Program loan. 

Inventory 

Research and development credit 

Stock compensation 

Lease liability 

Goodwill and intangible assets 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Right of use asset 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax asset 

The
Company recognized a net taxable gain in connection with the Microlab and CommAgility divestitures which resulted in utilization of a
portion of our federal and NJ state net operating loss carryforwards. 

The
Company has domestic federal and state net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 of approximately million and 
million, respectively, which . of the federal net operating loss carryforward have no expiration. 

Realization
of the Company s deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company generating sufficient taxable income on a federal and N.J. basis
in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences and from utilization of net operating losses.
The Company s valuation allowances of approximately million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are associated with the Company s
state net operating loss carryforward and a state research and development credit. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable
is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are changed. As of December 31, 2022, management believes
that it is more likely than not that the Company will fully realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets associated with its domestic
federal net operating loss carryforward. 

The
Company does not have any material unrecognized tax positions and does not anticipate a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized
tax positions within the next twelve months. 

letter of credit with the NJDEP. The PA identified several areas
requiring further environmental investigation which were addressed as part of the SI report. 

In
December 2022, the Company received an SI report from the LSRP. The SI report identified several areas requiring additional investigation
most notably elevated concentrations of hazardous substances in the groundwater that were above state and federal limits. The SI report
also stated that it appears the groundwater contamination predates our occupancy at our headquarters. We engaged our LSRP to perform
additional testing in the first quarter of 2023 to further refine the Company s understanding of the contamination. As a result
of the testing performed in the first quarter of 2023, it is suspected that the groundwater contamination originated from an offsite
source. Further testing is being conducted to validate the findings. 

As
the Company believes that hazardous substances in soil and groundwater at our Parsippany headquarters predate our occupancy and/or were
caused by unrelated third parties, we believe that others, and not the Company, should be responsible for the cost of remediation. However,
we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in absolving the Company of the remediation liability. Based on our reasonable position
that we did not cause the contamination we do not think our potential liability would be material. 

In
fiscal 2022 the Company incurred approximately in expenses related to testing and assessments associated with ISRA which are
recorded as general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has not accrued a liability related to the estimated remediation expenses due to the fact that the Company does
not believe it should be ultimately responsible for the remediation. 

General
operating risks 

Recent
inflationary pressures have increased the cost of energy and raw materials and may adversely affect our results of operations. If inflation
continues to rise and further impact the cost of energy and raw materials, we may not be able to offset cost increases to our products
through price adjustments without negatively impacting consumer demand, which could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

Proprietary
information and know-how are important to the Company s commercial success. There can be no assurance that others will not either
develop independently the same or similar information or obtain and use proprietary information of the Company. Certain key employees
have signed confidentiality and non-compete agreements regarding the Company s proprietary information. 

The
Company believes that its products do not infringe the proprietary rights of third parties. There can be no assurance, however, that
third parties will not assert infringement claims in the future. 

The
Company s deferred tax asset is recorded at tax rates expected to be in existence when those assets are utilized. Should the tax
rates change materially in the future the amount of deferred tax asset could be materially impacted. 

55 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Act of 1934. Our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be included in our SEC reports is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, relating to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.
Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurances with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Additionally, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

As
of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management
determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street and Consumer Protection Act, which exempts non-accelerated filers and smaller
reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

56 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required under this item is set forth under Director Nominees and Executive Officers of the Company , Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines and Committees of the Board of Directors in the
2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required under this item is set forth under Executive Compensation , Compensation for the Named Executive
Officers in 2022 and 2021 , Director Compensation for 2022 and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information about our equity compensation plans is set forth under Equity Compensation Plan Information in Item 5 of this
annual report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is set forth under Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required under this item is set forth under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate
Governance Guidelines and Committees of the Board of Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required under this item is set forth under Fees Paid to Principal Accountants and Policy on Audit Committee
Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

57 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 (1) 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 27 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Two Years ended December 31, 2022 
 30 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Two Years ended December 31, 2022 
 31 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Two Years ended December 31, 2022 
 32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 33 

(2) 
 All
 other schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because
 they are not required. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

3.1
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on April 22, 2005, Commission File No. 1-11916) 

3.2
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 1, 2016, Commission File No. 011-11916) 

4.1 
 Description of securities 

10.1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 4, 2022 by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., Wireless Telecommunications Group, LTD, E-Space Acquisitions LLC and eSpace Inc., as guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with SEC on December 5, 2022, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.2 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021 by and among RF Industries Ltd., Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Microlab/FXR LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2021, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.3 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Timothy Whelan dated January 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to our Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.4
 
 Amended Employment Letter Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Michael Kandell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to our Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.5 
 Amended Employment Letter Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Daniel Monopoli (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to our Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.6 
 
 Amended Employment Letter Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Alfred Rodriguez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to our Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.7 
 Sublease Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021, by and between Boonton Electronics Corp. and RF Industries Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.8 
 
 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the Definitive Proxy Statement of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., filed with the SEC on April 30, 2012) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference Exhibit 10.11 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 1, 2013, Commission file No. 1-11916) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 14, 2013, Commission File No. 1-11916) 

58 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 30, 2014) 

10.12
 
 Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated May 1, 2015 and retroactively effective as of April 1, 2015, by and between Icon Keystone NJP III Owner Pool 4 NJ, LLC and Boonton Electronics Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 12, 2015, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.13 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Timothy Whelan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2016, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement, dated December 1, 2016, between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Michael Kandell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 20, 2017, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.15
 
 Settlement Agreement and Site Release, dated December 16, 2016, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., Boonton Electronics Corp., WTT Acquisition Corp., Century Indemnity Company, as successor to Insurance Company of North America and Federal Insurance Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 22, 2016, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.16
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2017, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., Wireless Telecommunications, Ltd., Edward De Salis Young, Paul Moakes, Simon Pack and Martin Hollinshead (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2017, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.17
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 17, 2017, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., Edward De Salis Young, Paul Moakes, Simon Pack and Martin Hollinshead (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2017, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.18
 
 Lock Up Agreement, dated February 17, 2017, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., Edward De Salis Young, Paul Moakes, Simon Pack and Martin Hollinshead (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2017, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

59 

10.19
 
 Voting Agreement, dated February 17, 2017, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., Edward De Salis Young, Paul Moakes, Simon Pack and Martin Hollinshead (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2017, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.20 
 Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement by and between Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Timothy Whelan dated June 9, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2017, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.21 
 Form of non-employee director Restricted Stock Unit grant agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2018, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.22 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan for grants after February 11, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 19, 2020, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.23 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan for grants after February 11, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 19, 2020, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.24 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2019, among Wireless Telecom Group Inc., Holzworth Instrumentation Inc., Jason Breitbarth, Joe Koebel and Leyla Bly, and Jason Breitbarth as the designated representative of Sellers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 18, 2019, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.25 
 Form of Lock-up and Voting Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 18, 2019, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.26 
 First Amendment to Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2020, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Holzworth Instrumentation Inc., Jason Breitbarth, Joe Koebel and Leyla Bly Sellers ), and Jason Breitbarth as the designated representative of Sellers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 4, 2020, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.27 
 Warrant dated February 7, 2020, by Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. in favor of Muzinich BDC, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 13, 2020, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.28 
 Second Amendment to Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and among Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and Holzworth Instrumentation Inc., Jason Breitbarth, Joe Koebel and Leyla Bly Sellers ), and Jason Breitbarth as the designated representative of Sellers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 19, 2021, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.29 
 Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

60 

10.30 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.31 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

10.32 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021, Commission File No. 001-11916) 

21.1
 
 List of subsidiaries 

23.1
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PKF O Connor Davies, LLP) 

31.1
 
 Certification pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2
 
 Certification pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 

32.2
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 

100.1
 
 The
 following financial statements from Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2022, filed on March , 2023, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets,
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity, and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As provided in Rule
 406T of Regulation S-T, this information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Securities 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of
 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Denotes
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

61 

S
I G N A T U R E S 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WIRELESS TELECOM GROUP, INC. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Timothy Whelan 

Timothy
 Whelan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Scott Gibson 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Scott
 Gibson 

/s/
 Timothy Whelan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Timothy
 Whelan 

/s/
 Michael Kandell 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Michael
 Kandell 

/s/
 Michael Millegan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Michael
 Millegan 

/s/
 Allan D.L. Weinstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Allan
 D.L. Weinstein 

/s/
 Jennifer Fritzsche 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Jennifer
 Fritzsche 

/s/
 Alan Bazaar 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 

Alan
 Bazaar 

62 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

WIRELESS
TELECOM GROUP, INC. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following is a summary of the material provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (our Certificate ),
and By-Laws (our Bylaws ), regarding the material terms of our capital stock. This summary is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of our Certificate and Bylaws, which are included as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as may be amended by a document filed with one of our periodic
reports filed with the SEC subsequent to the date of that Annual Report. Additionally, the New Jersey Business Corporation Act (the NJBCA may also affect the terms of our capital stock. Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references
herein to the Company, we, us, our and similar terms refer to Wireless Telecom
Group, Inc. 

Authorized
Capitalization 

Our
authorized capital stock of 77,000,000 consists of: 

75,000,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value 0.01 per share Preferred Stock ). 

Common
Stock 

General 

Holders
of shares of our Common Stock do not have any preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights. All outstanding
shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. In the case of shareholder actions without meeting regarding mergers, consolidations
or sales of substantially all assets, owners of non-voting shares may reference Article II of our Bylaws. 

Dividends 

Subject
to the relative rights, limitations and preferences of the holders of any then outstanding Preferred Stock, holders of our Common Stock
will be entitled to certain rights, including (i) to share ratably in dividends if, when and as declared by our Board of Directors (our
 Board out of funds legally available therefor and (ii) to share in dividends paid in shares having a preference in the
assets of the corporation upon liquidation, whether or not the net assets at the time of the dividend are less than the aggregate amount
of such prior and newly created preferences. 

Liquidation 

Any
assets remaining after payment of or provision for claims against the corporation shall be distributed among the shareholders according
to their respective rights and interests. Distribution may be made in either or both cash and kind. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
outstanding share of our Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders, including
the election of directors. Any action to be taken by vote of the shareholders, other than the election of directors, shall be authorized
by a majority of the votes cast a meeting of shareholders unless a greater plurality is required by the NJBCA. The holders of our Common
Stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors or preemptive rights to subscribe for additional shares of our
capital stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

Under
the terms of our Certificate, our Board has the authority, without any requirement of vote of shareholders, to issue up to 2,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock, to establish and designate in the Preferred Stock such preferences, conversions and other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, terms and conditions of redemption and liquidation as it shall determine by
resolution. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Our Certificate and Bylaw Provisions and the NJBCA 

Certain
provisions of our Certificate and Bylaws, as well as certain provisions of the NJBCA, may make it more difficult to acquire control of
us by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to
discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our Board may consider inadequate and to encourage persons
seeking to acquire control of our company to first negotiate with our Board. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of
our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure our company outweigh the
disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result
in an improvement of their terms. For additional information, we refer you to the provisions of our Certificate, our Bylaws and the applicable
sections of the NJBCA. 

Certain
Provisions of our Certificate and Bylaws 

Certain
provisions contained in our Certificate and Bylaws could have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions: 

authorize
 the issuance by our Board of Preferred Stock, without any requirement of vote or class vote of shareholders, commonly referred to
 as blank check preferred stock, which shares of Preferred Stock may have rights senior to those of our Common Stock; 

do
 not provide for cumulative voting by shareholders in the election of directors. Under cumulative voting, a minority stockholder holding
 a sufficient percentage of a class of shares may be able to ensure the election of one or more directors; 

limit
 the persons who can call special shareholder meetings; shareholders do not have authority to call a special meeting of shareholders; 

permit
 the Board to amend or repeal any by-law adopted, amended or repealed by shareholders, unless the shareholders expressly reserve the
 right to amend or repeal such by-law in the adopting resolution; 

establish
 advance notice requirements that must be complied with by shareholders to nominate persons for election to our Board or to propose
 matters that can be acted on by shareholders at shareholder meetings; 

provide
 for the filling of vacancies on our Board by action of a majority of the directors and not by the shareholders; and 

provide
 that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board. 

New
Jersey Shareholders Protection Act 

We
are subject to NJBCA Section 14A-10A, which is also known the New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act, a type of anti-takeover statute
designed to protect shareholders against coercive, unfair or inadequate tender offers and other abusive tactics and to encourage any
person contemplating a business combination with us to negotiate with our Board for the fair and equitable treatment of all shareholders.
Subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the statute prohibits an interested stockholder of a corporation from effecting a business
combination with the corporation for a period of five years unless the corporation s board of directors approved the combination
prior to the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder. In addition, but not in limitation of the five-year restriction, if applicable,
corporations covered by the New Jersey statute may not engage at any time in a business combination with any interested shareholder of
that corporation unless the combination is approved by the board of directors prior to the interested shareholder s stock acquisition
date, the combination receives the approval of majority of the voting stock of the corporation not beneficially owned by the interested
shareholder, or the combination meets minimum financial terms specified by the statute. The terms interested shareholder 
and business combination are defined in NJBCA Section 14A-10A-3. 

The
effect of the statute is to protect non-tendering, post-acquisition minority shareholders from mergers in which they will be forced out
after the merger, by prohibiting transactions in which an acquirer could favor itself at the expense of minority shareholders. The statute
generally applies to corporations that are organized under New Jersey law, and have a class of stock registered or traded on a national
securities exchange or registered with the SEC pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol WTT. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF WIRELESS TELECOM GROUP, INC. 

ENTITY
 NAME 
 
 COUNTRY
 OR STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION/FORMATION 

Boonton
 Electronics Corp. 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 Holzworth
 Instrumentation, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-257894, No. 333-197578, No. 333-182819,
No. 333-59856 and No. 333-04893) pertaining to the 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation
Plan, the 2000 stock option plan and the 1995 stock option plan and Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-227051) of our report
dated March 23, 2023, on the consolidated financial statements of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/
 PKF O Connor Davies, LLP 

March
 23, 2023 

New
 York, NY 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Timothy Whelan, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 23, 2023 

/s/
 Timothy Whelan 

Timothy
 Whelan 

Chief
 Executive Officer, (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael Kandell, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 23, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Kandell 

Michael
 Kandell 

Chief
 Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy
Whelan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Timothy Whelan 

Timothy
 Whelan 

Chief
 Executive Officer, (Principal Executive Officer) 

March
 23, 2023 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C., 1350, and is not being filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and will be retained
by Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael
Kandell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Michael Kandell 

Michael
 Kandell 

Chief
 Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) 

March
 23, 2023 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C., 1350, and is not being filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and will be retained
by Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 wtt-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 wtt-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 wtt-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 wtt-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

