<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1370755_0000950170-23-004871.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>59857080</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>423837</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4611042</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>30830711</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6177564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>16452852</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004871.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228075729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004871
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BlackRock TCP Capital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001370755
		IRS NUMBER:				562594706
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00899
		FILM NUMBER:		23678448

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2951 28TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-566-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2951 28TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90405

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TCP Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Special Value Continuation Fund, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004871.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 tcpc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Year Ended 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

(Title of each class) 
 (Trading Symbol(s) 
 (Name of each exchange where registered) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act: No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with a new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant at June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second quarter) was million based upon the last sales price reported for such date on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. For purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of the Registrant and members of their families have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive for other purposes. The Registrant has no non-voting common stock. 
 
 The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding as of February 28, 2023 was . 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

BLACKROCK TCP CAPITAL CORP. 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CO NTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 68 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 68 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 68 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 68 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 68 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 73 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 74 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 87 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 88 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 147 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 147 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 147 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 147 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 148 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 148 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 148 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 148 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 148 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 149 

Signatures 
 153 

1 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Market disruptions and other geopolitical or macroeconomic events could create market volatility that negatively impacts our business, financial condition and earnings. 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

We are subject to risks related to inflation. 

Capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the U.S. and abroad, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations. 

Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized depreciation. 

Changes in legal, tax and regulatory regimes could negatively impact our business, financial condition and earnings. 

Changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on our portfolio companies and, in turn, harm us. 

Uncertainty regarding the impact of the United Kingdom's departure from the European Union could negatively impact our business, financial condition and earnings. 

Rising interest rates or changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes relating to the London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR calculation process, the phase-out of LIBOR and the use of replacement rates for LIBOR may adversely affect the value of our portfolio securities. 

We may not replicate the historical performance of other investment companies and funds with which our investment professionals have been affiliated. 

We are not managed by BlackRock, but rather one of its subsidiaries and may not replicate the success of that entity or BlackRock. 

Our business model depends upon the development and maintenance of strong referral relationships with other asset managers and investment banking firms. 

The Advisor s liability is limited under the investment management agreement, and we are required to indemnify the Advisor against certain liabilities, which may lead the Advisor to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 

We may suffer credit losses. 

Our use of borrowed funds, including under our leverage program, to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. 

In addition to regulatory restrictions that restrict our ability to raise capital, our leverage program contains various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate repayment under our credit facilities, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any inability to renew, extend or replace our credit facilities could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to find new investments or maintain distributions to our stockholders. 

The creditors under our credit facilities have a first claim on all of the Company s assets included in the collateral for the respective facilities. 

2 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Lenders under certain of our credit facilities may have a veto power over the Company s investment policies. 

The small business investment company SBIC may be unable to make distributions to us that will enable us to meet or maintain regulated investment company RIC status under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ), which could result in the imposition of an entity-level tax. 

Our SBIC is subject to Small Business Administration SBA regulations, and any failure to comply with SBA regulations could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

SBA regulations limit the outstanding dollar amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures that may be issued by an SBIC or group of SBICs under common control. 

The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. 

If we incur additional leverage, it will increase the risk of investing in shares of our common stock. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 

A substantial portion of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with our documented valuation policy that has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors and, as a result, there may be uncertainty regarding the value of our portfolio investments. 

Our use of borrowed funds to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. 

A portion of our distributions to stockholders may include a return of stockholder capital. 

We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 

To the extent original issue discount , or OID and payment-in-kind PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash representing such income. 

Any unrealized losses we experience on our investment portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. 

Our Advisor and its affiliates and employees may have certain conflicts of interest. 

Our incentive compensation may induce our Advisor to make certain investments, including speculative investments. 

We may be obligated to pay the Advisor incentive compensation payments in excess of the amounts we would have paid if such compensation was subject to clawback arrangements. 

Our Advisor s liability is limited under the investment management agreement, and we are required to indemnify our Advisor against certain liabilities, which may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 

We are dependent upon senior management personnel of the Advisor for our future success, and if the Advisor is unable to retain qualified personnel or if the Advisor loses any member of its senior management team, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 

The Advisor can resign on 60 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

We may in the future determine to fund a portion of our investments by issuing preferred stock, which would magnify the potential gains or losses and the risks of investing in us in the same manner as our borrowings. 

We may experience fluctuations in our periodic operating results. 

If we fail to maintain our status as a business development company BDC ), our business and operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. 

Because we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders to maintain our status as a RIC, we will continue to need additional capital to finance growth. If additional funds are unavailable or not available on favorable terms, our ability to grow will be impaired. 

The highly competitive market in which we operate may limit our investment opportunities. 

3 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Our Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effect of which may be adverse. 

Risks related to our investments 
 Our investments are risky and highly speculative, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 

A trading market or market value of our debt securities may fluctuate. 

We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. 

We are subject to credit risk related to investments in our portfolio companies and with our financial institutions and counterparties. 

Because our investments are generally not in publicly traded securities, there will be uncertainty regarding the value of our investments, which could adversely affect the determination of our net asset value. 

We and the Advisor may be a party to legal proceedings in connection with our investments in our portfolio companies. 

We may not be in a position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 

Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 

There may be circumstances in which our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 

Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 

Our portfolio companies may prepay loans, which prepayment may reduce stated yields in the future if capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 

Concentration of our assets in an issuer, industry or sector may present more risks than if we were more broadly diversified over numerous issuers, industries and sectors of the economy. 

Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 

Our investments in foreign securities may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 

Our investments in the financial services sector are subject to various risks including volatility and extensive government regulation. 

Our investments in the software, internet catalog retail, and IT services sector are subject to various risks, including intellectual property infringement issues and rapid technological changes, which may adversely affect our performance. Each industry contains certain industry related credit risks. 

The effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our portfolio companies. 

We may invest in covenant-lite loans, which could have limited investor protections. 

Risks related to our operations as a BDC 
 
 While our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ), we have received an exemptive order from the SEC permitting certain affiliated investments subject to certain conditions. As a result, the Advisor may face conflicts of interests and investments made pursuant to the exemptive order conditions could in certain circumstances adversely affect the price paid or received by us or the availability or size of the position purchased or sold by us. 

Regulations governing our operation as a BDC may limit our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital, which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and may hinder the Advisor's ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. 

Changes in the laws or regulations governing our business or the business of our portfolio companies, or changes in the interpretations thereof or newly enacted legislation and regulations, and any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition of us or our portfolio companies. 

4 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be precluded from investing in certain assets or could be required to dispose of certain assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on all of our income if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under the Code, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

There is a risk that you may not receive distributions or that our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

We may experience cyber-security incidents and are subject to cyber-security risks. 

The failure in cyber-security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. 

We are dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Other Securities 
 Our shares of common stock have traded at a discount from net asset value and may do so again in the future, which could limit our ability to raise additional equity capital. 

Investing in our common stock may involve an above average degree of risk. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

Stockholders will likely incur dilution if we sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock or securities to subscribe for or convertible into shares of our common stock at prices below the then current net asset value per share of our common stock. 

Stockholders will likely incur dilution if we sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock or securities to subscribe for or convertible into shares of our common stock at prices below the then current net asset value per share of our common stock. 

We may choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. 

If we issue preferred stock, the net asset value and market value of our common stock may become more volatile. 

We may in the future determine to issue preferred stock, which could adversely affect the market value of our common stock. 

Holders of any preferred stock we might issue would have the right to elect members of our Board of Directors and class voting rights on certain matters. 

Certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

Your interest in us may be diluted if you do not fully exercise your subscription rights in any rights offering we may conduct. In addition, if the subscription price is less than our net asset value per share, then you will experience an immediate dilution of the aggregate net asset value of your shares. 

Terms relating to redemption may materially adversely affect your return on any debt securities that we may issue. 

Our credit ratings are subject to change and may not reflect all risks of an investment in our debt securities. 

5 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 In this annual report in Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms: 
 Company, we, us and our refer to Special Value Continuation Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, for the periods prior to the consummation of the Conversion described elsewhere in this report and to BlackRock TCP Capital Corp., formerly known as TCP Capital Corp., for the periods after the consummation of the Conversion; 
 SVCP refers to Special Value Continuation Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 
 TCPC Funding refers to TCPC Funding I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 
 TCPC Funding II refers to TCPC Funding II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 
 The SBIC refers to TCPC SBIC, LP, a Delaware limited partnership; 
 The Advisor refers to Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the investment manager; and 
 Administrator refers to Series H of SVOF/MM, LLC, a series of a Delaware limited liability company, an affiliate of the Advisor and administrator of the Company. 

The Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a RIC, we will not be taxed on our income to the extent that we distribute such income each year and satisfy other applicable income tax requirements. SVCP was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes through August 1, 2018, and upon its conversion to a limited liability company on August 2, 2018 and thereafter is and will be treated as a disregarded entity. 
 On April 2, 2012, the Company converted from a limited liability company to a corporation (the Conversion ). At the time of the Conversion, all limited liability company interests of Special Value Continuation Fund, LLC SVCF were exchanged for 15,725,635 shares of common stock in the Company. As a result of the Conversion, the books and records of SVCF became the books and records of the Company. 
 On April 3, 2012, the Company priced its initial public offering (the Offering ), selling 5,750,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 14.75 per share. 
 6 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our stockholders generally at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for each year. Pursuant to this election, we generally will not have to pay corporate level taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders provided that we satisfy those requirements. 
 The Advisor 
 Our investment activities are managed by the Advisor. The Advisor is a Delaware limited liability company and is registered as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The Advisor is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. BlackRock is the world s largest publicly traded investment management firm, with approximately 9 trillion of assets under management as of December 31, 2022. BlackRock manages assets on behalf of institutions and individuals worldwide through a variety of equity, fixed income, real estate, cash management and alternative investment products. BlackRock serves clients in North and South America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and the Middle East. Headquartered in New York, BlackRock maintains offices in over 30 countries, including 25 primary investment centers. BlackRock s institutional knowledge includes proprietary valuation techniques, market outlook, competitive evaluation and structuring and operational expertise. In addition, BlackRock provides risk management, investment system outsourcing and financial advisory services to a growing number of institutional investors. Through BlackRock Solutions , BlackRock provides risk management and advisory services that combine capital markets expertise with internally-developed systems and technology. 
 The investment professionals of the Advisor have significant industry experience, including experience investing in middle-market companies. Together, they have invested approximately 43.6 billion in 908 companies since the Advisor s inception in 1999, through multiple business and credit cycles, across all segments of the capital structure and through a broad set of credit-oriented strategies including leveraged loan origination, secondary investments of discounted debt securities, and distressed and control opportunities. We believe that the Advisor's investment perspectives, complementary skills, and collective investment experience along with BlackRock s resources, relationships and global platform provide the Advisor with a strategic and competitive advantage in middle-market investing. 
 As our investment advisor, the Advisor is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting research, analyzing investment opportunities and structuring our investments and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. We believe that the Advisor has a proven long-term track record of positive performance, notwithstanding some periods during which losses were incurred, of sourcing deals, originating loans and successfully investing in middle-market companies and that the relationships of its investment professionals are integral to the Advisor s success. The Advisor s investment professionals have long-term working relationships with key sources of investment opportunities and industry expertise, including investment bankers, financial advisors, attorneys, private equity sponsors, other senior lenders, high-yield bond specialists, research analysts, accountants, and senior management teams. Additionally, BlackRock s broad and established sourcing network along with the Advisor s board of advisors and senior executive advisors from a variety of industries extend the reach of the Advisor s relationships and can enhance our deal sourcing and due diligence activities. 
 We also benefit from the existing infrastructure and administrative capabilities of an established investment manager. The Administrator, an affiliate of the Advisor, provides us with office space, equipment and office services. The tasks of our Administrator include overseeing our financial records, preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC and generally monitoring the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. 
 Since the beginning of 2011, the Advisor executed across its funds approximately 31.3 billion in direct origination leveraged loans primarily to middle-market companies, of which approximately 6.0 billion was for our account. There can be no assurance that similar deal flow or terms will be available in the future for loans in which we may invest. 
 Operating and Regulatory Tax Structure 
 The Company elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code. As a RIC, the Company generally does not have to pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gain that we distribute to our stockholders as dividends if we meet certain source-of-income, distribution and asset diversification requirements. The Company has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC we are required to invest at least 70 of our total assets primarily in securities of private and certain public U.S. companies (other than investment companies and certain financial institutions), cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less and to comply with other regulatory requirements, including limitations on our use of debt. 
 7 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Investment Strategy 
 To achieve our investment objectives, we intend to focus on a subset of the broader investment strategies historically pursued by the Advisor. Our primary investment focus is the ongoing origination of and investments in leveraged loans of performing middle-market companies, building on the Advisor s established track record of origination and participation in the original syndication of approximately 35.1 billion of leveraged loans to 683 companies since 1999, of which we invested over 6.6 billion in 374 companies. For the purposes of this filing, the term leveraged loans refers to senior debt investments that rank ahead of subordinated debt and that generally have the benefit of security interests in the assets of the borrower. Our investments generally range from 10 million to 50 million per company, the size of which may grow over time in proportion with our capital base. We expect to generate current returns through a combination of the receipt of contractual interest payments on debt investments and origination and similar fees, and, to a lesser extent, equity appreciation through options, warrants, conversion rights or direct equity investments. We often receive equity interests such as preferred or common stock and warrants or options in connection with our debt investments. From time to time we may also use other investment strategies, which are not our primary focus, to attempt to enhance the overall return of our portfolio. These investment strategies may include, but are not limited to, the purchase of discounted debt, opportunistic investments, and financial instruments to hedge currency or interest rate risk associated with our portfolio. 
 Our typical investments are in performing middle-market companies. We believe that middle-market companies are generally less able to secure financing than larger companies and thus offer better return opportunities for those able to conduct the necessary diligence to appropriately evaluate these companies. We focus primarily on U.S. companies where we believe our Advisor s perspective, complementary skills and investment experience provides us with a competitive advantage and in industries where our Advisor sees an attractive risk reward profile due to macroeconomic trends and existing Advisor industry expertise. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 At December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio of 1,609.6 million (at fair value) consisted of 136 portfolio companies and was invested 88.2 in debt investments, primarily in senior secured debt. In aggregate, our investment portfolio was invested 83.9 in senior secured loans, 4.3 in senior secured notes and 11.8 in equity investments. Our average portfolio company investment at fair value was approximately 11.8 million. Our largest portfolio company investment by value was approximately 6.6 of our portfolio and our five largest portfolio company investments by value comprised approximately 20.1 of our portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 The following charts summarize our portfolio mix by industry and type based on the fair value of our investments as of December 31, 2022. 

Investment Process 
 The Advisor s investment process is designed to maximize its strategic advantages: a strong brand name as a specialty lender to the middle-market and diverse in-house expertise and skills. The Advisor seeks out opportunities by conducting a rigorous and disciplined investment process that combines the following characteristics: 
 8 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Deal Sourcing 
 As a leading middle-market corporate debt investment manager with approximately 22.1 billion in committed capital as of December 31, 2022 (approximately 9.0 of which consists of the Company s committed capital) and which has invested on behalf of institutions since 1999, the Advisor is active in new deal financing opportunities in the middle-market segment. However, we believe that the Advisor s real deal flow advantage comes from the proprietary network of established relationships of its investment professionals and synergies among its professionals and portfolio companies. Members of the Advisor s Investment Committee for the Company (the Investment Committee have long-term relationships with deal sources including investment bankers, restructuring professionals, bankruptcy attorneys, senior lenders, high yield bond specialists, research analysts, accountants, fund management teams, the Advisor s advisory board, senior executive advisors, board members of former clients, former colleagues and other operating professionals to facilitate deal flow. The Investment Committee is currently comprised of four voting members. In total, the Investment Committee consists of approximately 30 members from the Advisor. The number of voting and non-voting members of the Investment Committee is subject to increase or decrease in the sole discretion of the Advisor. All members of the Investment Committee attend investment meetings and are encouraged to participate in discussions. In addition, members of the Investment Committee have relationships with other investors, including insurance companies, bond funds, mezzanine funds, private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds which invest in similar assets. Further, the Advisor regularly calls on both active and recently retired senior executives from the relevant industries to assist with the due diligence of potential investments. Historically, these relationships with retired senior executives have also been a valuable source of transactions and information. The Advisor anticipates that they will continue to provide future opportunities. We believe the Advisor s strong relationships with its portfolio companies facilitate positive word-of-mouth recommendations to other companies seeking the Advisor s expertise. The Advisor s relationships often result in the ability to access investment opportunities earlier than many of its competitors and in some cases on an exclusive basis. 
 Due Diligence Process 
 The foundation of the Advisor s investment process is intensive investment research and analysis by its experienced staff of investment professionals. The Advisor s senior professionals have worked together for numerous years and we believe that they have a superior level of credit investing knowledge relative to other credit investors. The Advisor supplements its in-house knowledge with industry experts, including CEO/CFO-level executives, with direct management experience in the industries under consideration. The Advisor prefers these industry experts to consultants because of the practical business advice that comes from having managed businesses. The Advisor rigorously and comprehensively analyzes issuers of securities of interest. The process includes a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the issuer s business, an evaluation of its management, an analysis of the business strategy and industry trends, and an in-depth examination of the company s capital structure, financial results and projections. The Advisor s due diligence process includes: 
 an assessment of the outlook for the industry and general macroeconomic trends; 

discussions with issuer management and other industry executives, including the assessment of management/board strengths and weaknesses; 

an analysis of the fundamental asset values and the enterprise value of the issuer; 

review of the issuer s key assets, core competencies, competitive advantages, historical and projected financial statements, capitalization, financial flexibility, debt amortization requirements, and tax, environmental, legal and regulatory contingencies; 

review of the issuer s existing credit documents, including credit agreements, indentures, intercreditor agreements, and security agreements; and 

review of documents governing the issuer, including charter, by-laws, and key contracts. 

As a part of its due diligence process, the Advisor considers sustainability-related factors that can affect the future prospects of the issuer. Since sustainable investment options have the potential to offer better outcomes, the Advisor integrates sustainability considerations into the way it manages risk, constructs portfolios, designs products, and engages with companies. 
 9 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Structuring Originations 
 As an early non-bank participant in the leveraged loan market, we believe that loan origination is a core competency of the Advisor. Supplementing industry deal teams experience and competency, the Advisor has a number of professionals with legal experience, including significant experience in bankruptcy and secured credit. Deal teams work with the Advisor s in-house legal specialists and outside counsel to structure over-collateralized loans with what we believe to be strong creditor protections and contractual controls over borrower operations. In many cases, the Advisor works to obtain contractual governance rights and board observer seats to protect principal and maximize post-investment returns. Deals usually include original issue discounts, upfront fees, exit fees and/or equity participations through warrants or direct equity stakes. 
 Trading and Secondary Market Purchases 
 A key element in maximizing investment returns in secondary purchases is buying and selling investments at the best available prices. The Advisor has a dedicated trading staff for both the highly specialized traded loan market and for high-yield bonds. Through its trading operations, the Advisor maintains its established relationships with a network of broker-dealers in the debt securities markets. These relationships provide the Advisor with access to the trading dynamics of existing or potential investments and assist it in effectively executing transactions. These relationships may also lead to the early identification of potential investment opportunities for the Company. 
 Portfolio Management Monitoring 
 The Advisor actively monitors the financial performance of its portfolio companies and market developments. This constant monitoring permits the Advisor to update position risk assessments, seek to address potential problems early, refine exit plans, and make follow-on investment decisions quickly. We view active portfolio monitoring as a vital part of our investment process. 
 We consider board observation and information rights, regular dialogue with company management and sponsors, and detailed internally generated monitoring reports to be critical to our performance. We have developed a monitoring template that seeks to ensure compliance with these standards and that is used as a tool by the Investment Committee to assess investment performance relative to plan. 
 Deal teams maintain contact with portfolio company management through regularly scheduled and ad hoc conference calls and onsite visits. 

Deal teams review portfolio company progress relative to plan and pre-determined performance benchmarks. 

Adverse or unexpected developments, as well as consequential routine updates, are reported to the Investment Committee and thoroughly discussed at regularly scheduled weekly meetings. If merited, the Investment Committee will hold ad hoc meetings as necessary to address urgent issues. 

Deal teams, with Investment Committee approval, encourage portfolio company managers to catalyze events to monetize holdings for greater return, or where needed, take corrective actions to address shortfalls to plan or benchmarks. 

All existing portfolio holdings are formally reviewed in detail by the entire Investment Committee once per quarter at the Advisor s quarterly portfolio review. 

Investment Committee and Decision Process 
 The Advisor s investment process is organized around the Investment Committee that provides for a centralized, repeatable decision process. The Investment Committee meets weekly and, with respect to each fund the Advisor advises, certain members of the Investment Committee are voting members. The voting members of the Investment Committee for the Company are currently Philip M. Tseng, Rajneesh Vig, Rob DiPaulo and Brad Pritchard. Approval by a simple majority vote of the voting members of the Investment Committee for each respective fund is required for the purchase or sale of any investment, with certain de-minimis exceptions. No voting member has veto power. The Advisor s investment process is designed to maximize risk-adjusted returns and preserve downside protection. 
 10 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Regulation 
 We have filed an election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisors or co-advisors), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities , which is defined in the 1940 Act as the lesser of a majority of the outstanding voting securities or 67 or more of the securities voting if a quorum of a majority of the outstanding voting securities is present. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market funds we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might indirectly subject our stockholders to additional expenses as they will indirectly be responsible for the costs and expenses of such companies. None of our investment policies are fundamental and any may be changed without stockholder approval. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and satisfies either of the following: 

has a market capitalization of less than 250.0 million or does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 

is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result thereof, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

11 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Asset Coverage Requirement 
 Under Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, prior to March 23, 2018, a BDC was generally not permitted to issue senior securities unless after giving effect thereto the BDC met a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to total senior securities, which includes all borrowings of the BDC, of at least 200 . On March 23, 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act SBCAA was signed into law, which among other things, amended Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act to add a new Section 61(a)(2) that reduces the asset coverage requirement applicable to BDCs from 200 to 150 so long as the BDC meets certain disclosure requirements and obtains certain approvals. The reduced asset coverage requirement permits a BDC to have a ratio of total outstanding indebtedness to equity of 2:1 as compared to a maximum of 1:1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement. 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we were allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equaled at least 200 after such borrowing. Effective November 7, 2018, the Company's board of directors, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our board of directors, approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCAA (the Asset Coverage Ratio Election ), which would have resulted (had the Company not received earlier stockholder approval) in our asset coverage requirement applicable to senior securities being reduced from 200 to 150 , effective on November 7, 2019. On February 8, 2019, the stockholders of the Company approved the Asset Coverage Ratio Election, and, as a result, effective on February 9, 2019, our asset coverage requirement applicable to senior securities was reduced from 200 to 150 . 
 Managerial assistance to portfolio companies 
 A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in Qualifying assets above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance. Where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, the BDC will satisfy this test if one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance, although reliance on other investors may not be the sole method by which the BDC satisfies the requirement to make available managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its investment manager, directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 Small Business Administration Regulations 
 On April 22, 2014, the SBIC received a license from the Small Business Administration (the SBA to operate as a small business investment company. The SBIC license allows us to borrow funds from the SBA against eligible investments. The Small Business Investment Company regulations currently limit the amount that is available to borrow by any SBIC to 175.0 million. There is no assurance that we will draw up to the maximum limit available under the Small Business Investment Company program. 
 Small business investment companies are designed to stimulate the flow of private equity capital to eligible small businesses. Under present Small Business Administration regulations, eligible small businesses include businesses that have a tangible net worth not exceeding 19.5 million and have average annual fully taxed net income not exceeding 6.5 million for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, a small business investment company must devote 25 of its investment activity to smaller concerns as defined by the Small Business Administration. A smaller concern is one that has a tangible net worth not exceeding 6.0 million and has average annual fully taxed net income not exceeding 2.0 million for the two most recent fiscal years. Small Business Administration regulations also provide alternative size standard criteria to determine eligibility, which depend on the industry in which the business is engaged and are based on such factors as the number of employees and gross sales. According to Small Business Administration regulations, small business investment companies may make long-term loans to small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services. We plan to provide long-term loans to qualifying small businesses, and in connection therewith, make equity investments. 
 The SBIC is periodically examined and audited by the Small Business Administration s staff to determine its compliance with small business investment company regulations. 
 12 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Taxation of the Company 
 We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, (a) derive in each taxable year at least 90 percent of our gross income from dividends, interest (including tax-exempt interest), payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, other income (including but not limited to gain from options, futures and forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (a QPTP ); and (b) diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year (i) at least 50 percent of the market value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. Government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, with other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than five percent of the value of our total assets and not more than 10 percent of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer (subject to the exception described below), and (ii) not more than 25 percent of the market value of our total assets is invested in the securities (other than U.S. Government securities and the securities of other regulated investment companies) (A) of any issuer, (B) of any two or more issuers that we control and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses, or (C) of one or more QPTPs. The Code provides for certain exceptions to the foregoing diversification requirements. We may generate certain income that might not qualify as good income for purposes of the 90 annual gross income requirement described above. We monitor our transactions to endeavor to prevent our disqualification as a RIC. 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90 annual gross income requirement or the asset diversification requirements discussed above in any taxable year, we may be eligible for relief provisions if the failures are due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect and if a penalty tax is paid with respect to each failure to satisfy the applicable requirements. Additionally, relief is provided for certain de minimis failures of the asset diversification requirements where we correct the failure within a specified period. If the applicable relief provisions are not available or cannot be met, all of our income would be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax as described below. We cannot provide assurance that we would qualify for any such relief should we fail the 90 annual gross income requirement or the asset diversification requirements discussed above. 
 As a RIC, in any taxable year with respect to which we timely distribute at least 90 of the sum of our (i) investment company taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net short-term capital gain over net long-term capital loss and other taxable income (other than any net capital gain), reduced by deductible expenses) determined without regard to the deduction for dividends and distributions paid and (ii) net tax exempt interest income (which is the excess of our gross tax exempt interest income over certain disallowed deductions) (the Annual Distribution Requirement ), we (but not our stockholders) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on investment company taxable income and net capital gain (generally, net long-term capital gain in excess of short-term capital loss) that we distribute to our stockholders. We intend to distribute annually all or substantially all of such income on a timely basis. To the extent that we retain our net capital gain for investment or any investment company taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate income tax rates. We may choose to retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, and pay the associated federal corporate income tax, including the federal excise tax described below. 
 Certain amounts not distributed during a calendar year are subject to a nondeductible four percent U.S. federal excise tax payable by us. To avoid this tax, we would need to distribute (or be deemed to have distributed) during each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of: 
 (1) at least 98 percent of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; 

(2) at least 98.2 percent of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year (unless an election is made by us to use our taxable year); and 

(3) certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 

While we intend to distribute any income and capital gains in the manner necessary to minimize imposition of the four percent federal excise tax, sufficient amounts of our taxable income and capital gains may not be distributed to avoid entirely the imposition of the tax. In that event, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 
 If, in any particular taxable year, we do not satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or otherwise were to fail to qualify as a RIC (for example, because we fail the 90 annual gross income requirement described above), and relief is not available as discussed above, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to stockholders, and distributions generally will be taxable to the stockholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 13 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 We may decide to be taxed as a regular corporation even if we would otherwise qualify as a RIC if we determine that treatment as a corporation for a particular year would be in our best interests. 
 As a RIC, we are permitted to carry forward a net capital loss realized in a taxable year beginning on or after December 23, 2010 to offset capital gain indefinitely. For net capital losses realized in taxable years beginning on or after December 23, 2010, the excess of our net short-term capital loss over our net long-term capital gain is treated as a short-term capital loss arising on the first day of our next taxable year and the excess of our net long-term capital loss over our net short-term capital gain is treated as a long-term capital loss arising on the first day of our next taxable year. If future capital gain is offset by carried forward capital losses, such future capital gain is not subject to fund-level U.S. federal income tax, regardless of whether they are distributed to stockholders. Accordingly, we do not expect to distribute any such offsetting capital gain. A RIC cannot carry back or carry forward any net operating losses. 
 Investment Structure 
 Once we determine that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for a direct investment, we work with the management of that company and its other capital providers, including senior and junior lenders, and equity holders, to structure an investment. We negotiate among these parties to agree on how our investment is expected to be structured relative to the other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure. 
 Leveraged Loans 
 We structure our investments primarily as secured leveraged loans. Leveraged loans are generally senior debt instruments that rank ahead of subordinated debt of the portfolio company. Leveraged loans generally have the benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of, or be junior to, other security interests. 
 High-Yield Securities 
 The Company s portfolio currently includes high-yield securities and the Company may invest in high-yield securities in the future. High-yield securities have historically experienced greater default rates than has been the case for investment grade securities and are generally rated below investment grade by one or more nationally recognized statistical rating organizations or will be unrated but of comparable credit quality to obligations rated below investment grade, and have greater credit and liquidity risk than more highly rated obligations. High-yield securities are generally unsecured and may be subordinate to other obligations of the obligor and are often issued in connection with leveraged acquisitions or recapitalizations in which the issuers incur a substantially higher amount of indebtedness than the level at which they had previously operated. The Company s portfolio may also include mezzanine investments which are generally unsecured and rated below investment grade. Mezzanine investments of the type in which the Company invests in are primarily privately negotiated subordinated debt securities often issued in connection with leveraged transactions, such as management buyouts, acquisitions, re-financings, recapitalizations and later stage growth capital financings, and are generally accompanied by related equity participation features such as options, warrants, preferred and common stock. In some cases, our debt investments may provide for a portion of the interest payable to be paid-in-kind interest. To the extent interest is paid-in-kind, it will be payable through the increase of the principal amount of the obligation by the amount of interest due on the then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of such obligation. 
 Warrants, Options and Minority Equity 
 In some cases, we will also receive nominally priced warrants or options to buy a minority equity interest in the portfolio company in connection with a loan. As a result, if a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We may structure such warrants to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as a put, or right to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also seek to obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 14 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Distressed Debt 
 The Company s portfolio currently includes distressed debt investments and the Company is authorized to continue to invest in the securities and other obligations of distressed and bankrupt issuers, including debt obligations that are in covenant or payment default. As of December 31, 2022, six of the Company s debt investments were on non-accrual status. The Company does not anticipate distressed debt to be a significant part of its investment strategy. Such investments generally trade significantly below par and are considered speculative. The repayment of defaulted obligations is subject to significant uncertainties. Defaulted obligations might be repaid only after lengthy workout or bankruptcy proceedings, during which the issuer might not make any interest or other payments. Typically such workout or bankruptcy proceedings result in only partial recovery of cash payments or an exchange of the defaulted obligation for other debt or equity securities of the issuer or its affiliates, which may in turn be illiquid or speculative. 
 Opportunistic Investments 
 Opportunistic investments may include, but are not limited to, investments in debt securities of all kinds and at all levels of the capital structure and may include equity securities of public companies that are thinly traded, emerging market debt, structured finance vehicles such as collateralized loan obligation, or CLO, funds and debt of middle-market companies located outside the United States. We do not intend such investments to be our primary focus. 
 We tailor the terms of each investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its operating results. We seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 requiring a total return on our investments (including both interest and potential equity appreciation) that we believe will compensate us appropriately for credit risk; 

negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with the preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or rights to a seat on the board of directors under some circumstances; and 

selecting investments that we believe have a very low probability of loss. 

We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but we may sell some of our investments earlier if a liquidity event occurs, such as a sale, recapitalization or worsening of the credit quality of the portfolio company. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and all amendments to these reports and other information with the SEC. We make available free-of-charge, on or through our website at http://investors.tcpcapital.com/, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and all amendments to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also make available on our website the charters for the Audit Committee and the Governance and Compensation Committee, as well as our Code of Ethics required under the 1940 Act and our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (our SOX Code of Ethics ). Further, we will provide, without charge, upon written request, a copy of the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and all amendments to those filings as well as the committee charters, our Code of Ethics and our SOX Code of Ethics. Requests for copies should be addressed to: BlackRock TCP Capital Corp., 2951 28th Street, Suite 1000, Santa Monica, CA 90405, Attention: Investor Relations. Reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including our filings, are also available to the public from the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Advisor have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws. We are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and to designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for their administration. Charles Park currently serves as our chief compliance officer. 
 15 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our investment adviser. A summary of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Advisor are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 The Advisor is registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote securities held by its clients in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Our investment adviser votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in the best interest of our stockholders. The Advisor reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a proxy vote to determine its impact on our investments. Although it generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our investments, it may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The proxy voting decisions of the Advisor are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to the managing member any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are generally prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: BlackRock TCP Capital Corp., 2951 28 th Street, Suite 1000, Santa Monica, CA 90405, Attention: Investor Relations. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain non-public personal information of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 
 We restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to employees of the Advisor and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information of our stockholders. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 The Company has entered into an investment management agreement with the Advisor, under which the Advisor, subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, manages the day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to the Company. For providing these services, the Advisor receives a base management fee and may receive incentive compensation. Prior to August 1, 2018, SVCP was regulated as a BDC and was also party to an investment management agreement with the Advisor. On January 29, 2018, SVCP amended and restated its limited partnership agreement (the LPA ), effective as of January 1, 2018, to convert its then existing incentive compensation structure from a profit allocation and distribution to its general partner into a fee payable to the Advisor pursuant to such investment management agreement. The amendment had no impact on the amount of the incentive compensation paid or services received by the Company. Accordingly, prior to January 1, 2018, incentive compensation was allocated to SVCP s general partner as a distribution. Our board of directors held in-person meetings on October 27, 2022, in order to consider and reapprove our investment management agreement. 
 16 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Prior to August 1, 2018, the base management fee and the incentive compensation, if any, were paid by SVCP to the Advisor. The Company, therefore, indirectly bore these amounts, which are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Under the terms of our investment management agreement, the Advisor: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); and 

closes, monitors and administers the investments we make, including the exercise of any voting or consent rights. 

The Advisor s services under the investment management agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 Pursuant to our investment management agreement, we pay the Advisor compensation for investment advisory and management services consisting of base management compensation and a two-part incentive compensation. 
 Management Fee . The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.5 of our total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) payable quarterly in arrears; provided, however, that, effective as of February 9, 2019, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.0 of our total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) that exceed an amount equal to 200 of the net asset value of the Company. For purposes of calculating the base management fee, total assets is determined without deduction for any borrowings or other liabilities. The base management fee is calculated based on the value of our total assets and net asset value (in each case, excluding cash and cash equivalents) at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. The base management fee for any partial quarter is appropriately prorated. 
 Incentive Compensation . We also pay incentive compensation to the Advisor pursuant to the investment management agreement. Prior to January 1, 2018, incentive compensation was allocated to SVCP's general partner as a distribution under the LPA. Under the then-existing investment management agreements and the LPA (pursuant to which incentive compensation was distributed to SVCP s general partner prior to January 1, 2018), no incentive compensation was incurred until after January 1, 2013. 
 Incentive Compensation pursuant to investment management agreements prior to February 9, 2019 
 Beginning January 1, 2013, the incentive compensation equaled the sum of (1) 20 of all ordinary income since that date and (2) 20 of all net realized capital gains (net of any net unrealized capital depreciation) since that date, with each component being subject to a total return requirement of 8 of contributed common equity annually. Through December 31, 2017, the incentive compensation was an equity allocation to SVCP s general partner under the LPA. Effective as of January 1, 2018, the LPA was amended to remove the incentive compensation distribution provisions therein, and the incentive compensation became payable as a fee to the Advisor pursuant to the then-existing investment management agreements. The amendment had no impact on the amount of the incentive compensation paid or services received by the Company. 
 The incentive compensation had two components, ordinary income and capital gains. Each component was payable or distributable quarterly in arrears (or upon termination of the Advisor as the investment manager or SVCP s general partner as its general partner, as of the termination date) beginning January 1, 2013 and calculated as follows: 
 Each of the two components of incentive compensation was separately subject to a total return limitation. Thus, notwithstanding the following provisions, we were not obligated to pay or distribute any ordinary income incentive compensation or any capital gains incentive compensation if our cumulative total return did not exceed an 8 annual return on daily weighted average contributed common equity. If our cumulative annual total return was above 8 , the total cumulative incentive compensation we paid was not more than 20 of our cumulative total return, or, if lower, the amount of our cumulative total return that exceeded the 8 annual rate. 
 Subject to the above limitation, the ordinary income component was the amount, if positive, equal to 20 of the cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation, less cumulative ordinary income incentive compensation previously paid or distributed. 
 17 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Subject to the above limitation, the capital gains component was the amount, if positive, equal to 20 of the cumulative realized capital gains (computed net of cumulative realized losses and cumulative net unrealized capital depreciation), less cumulative capital gains incentive compensation previously paid or distributed. For assets held on January 1, 2013, capital gain, loss and depreciation are measured on an asset by asset basis against the value as of December 31, 2012. The capital gains component was paid or distributed in full prior to payment or distribution of the ordinary income component. 
 For purposes of the foregoing computations and the total return limitation, the following definitions apply: 
 cumulative means amounts for the period commencing January 1, 2013 and ending as of the applicable calculation date. 

contributed common equity means the value of net assets attributable to our common stock as of December 31, 2012 plus the proceeds to us of all issuances of common stock less (A) offering costs of any of our securities or leverage facilities, (B) all distributions by us representing a return of capital and (C) the total cost of all repurchases of our common stock by us, in each case after December 31, 2012 and through the end of the preceding calendar quarter in question, in each case as determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 

ordinary income before incentive compensation means our interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) during the period, (i) minus our operating expenses during the period (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock), (ii) plus increases and minus decreases in net assets not treated as components of income, operating expense, gain, loss, appreciation or depreciation and not treated as contributions or distributions in respect of common equity, and (iii) without reduction for any incentive compensation and any organization or offering costs, in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 

total return means the amount equal to the combination of ordinary income before incentive compensation, realized capital gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation of the Company for the period, in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 

18 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 If our total return did not exceed the total return limitation, the limitation would not have had the effect of eliminating the possibility of paying such incentive compensation, but rather would have postponed any incentive compensation until our cumulative annual total return exceeded the 8 threshold. The nature of the total return limitation may have also made it easier for the Advisor to earn incentive compensation in higher interest rate environments or if our net asset value had increased. 
 Total Return Limitation 
 (based on cumulative annual total return) 
 
 Percentage of ordinary income and net realized capital gain separately payable at various levels of total return. 
 The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements for the relevant periods include a calculation of total return based on the change in the market value of our shares. The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements for the relevant periods also include a calculation of total return based on the change in our net asset value from period to period. The total return limitation for purposes of the incentive compensation calculations was based on the stated elements of return: ordinary income before incentive compensation, realized capital gain and loss and unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. It differs from the total return based on the market value or net asset value of our shares in that it was a cumulative measurement that is compared to our daily weighted-average contributed common equity rather than a periodic measurement that is compared to our net asset value or market value, and in that it excludes incentive compensation. 
 Incentive Compensation pursuant to the current investment management agreement 
 Under the current investment management agreement, dated February 9, 2019, the incentive compensation equals the sum of (1) 20 of all ordinary income since January 1, 2013 through February 8, 2019 and 17.5 thereafter and (2) 20 of all net realized capital gains (net of any net unrealized capital depreciation) since January 1, 2013 through February 8, 2019 and 17.5 thereafter, less ordinary income incentive compensation and capital gains incentive compensation previously paid. However, incentive compensation will only be paid to the extent the cumulative total return of the Company after incentive compensation and including such payment would equal or exceed a 7 annual return on daily weighted average contributed common equity. 
 Total Return Limitation 
 (based on cumulative annual total return) 
 
 Percentage of ordinary income and net realized capital gain separately payable at various levels of total return. 
 The incentive compensation is payable quarterly in arrears (or upon termination of the Advisor as the investment manager, as of the termination date). 
 For assets held on January 1, 2013, capital gain, loss and depreciation are measured on an asset by asset basis against the value as of December 31, 2012. The capital gains component is paid or distributed in full prior to payment or distribution of the ordinary income component. 
 19 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 For purposes of the foregoing computations, the following definitions apply: 
 cumulative means amounts for the period commencing January 1, 2013 and ending as of the applicable calculation date. 

contributed common equity means the value of net assets attributable to our common stock as of December 31, 2012 plus the proceeds to us of all issuances of common stock less (A) offering costs of any of our securities or leverage facilities, (B) all distributions by us representing a return of capital and (C) the total cost of all repurchases of our common stock by us, in each case after December 31, 2012 and through the end of the preceding calendar quarter in question, in each case as determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 

ordinary income before incentive compensation means our interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) during the period, (i) minus our operating expenses during the period (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock), (ii) plus increases and minus decreases in net assets not treated as components of income, operating expense, gain, loss, appreciation or depreciation and not treated as contributions or distributions in respect of common equity, and (iii) without reduction for any incentive compensation and any organization or offering costs, in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 

total return means the amount equal to the combination of ordinary income before incentive compensation, realized capital gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation of the Company and any other items affecting net asset value per share of the Company for the period (other than incentive compensation), in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 

The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements include a calculation of total return based on the change in the market value of our shares. The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements also include a calculation of total return based on the change in our net asset value from period to period. The total return hurdle for purposes of the incentive compensation calculations is based on the stated elements of return as defined above, and differs from the total return based on the market value or net asset value of our shares in that it is a cumulative measurement that is compared to our daily weighted-average contributed common equity rather than a periodic measurement that is compared to our net asset value or market value, and in that it excludes incentive compensation. 
 20 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Examples of Incentive Compensation Calculation 
 Example 1: Income Portion of Incentive Compensation: 
 Assumptions 
 Total return hurdle (1) = 7 

Alternative 1 
 a. Additional Assumptions 

i. cumulative gross ordinary income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 11.5 

ii. cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation (gross ordinary income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 9 

iii. cumulative annual total return = 6 

b. Cumulative total return does not exceed total return hurdle, therefore there is no income incentive compensation. 

Alternative 2 
 a. Additional Assumptions 

i. cumulative gross ordinary income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 10 

ii. cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation (gross ordinary income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 7.5 

iii. cumulative annual total return = 8.5 

b. Tentative incentive compensation = 17.5 x ordinary income before incentive compensation 

= 17.5 x 7.5 
 = 1.3 
 c. Total return after incentive compensation = 8.5 - 1.3 

= 7.2 
 d. Cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation is positive and the cumulative total return after incentive compensation exceeds the total return hurdle, therefore incentive compensation is fully payable. 

Alternative 3 
 a. Additional Assumptions 

i. cumulative gross ordinary income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 10 

ii. cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation (gross ordinary income (management fee + other expenses)) = 7.5 

iii. cumulative annual total return = 8.0 

(1) Represents 7.0 annualized total return hurdle. 

Management fee = 1.5 

Represents 1.5 annualized management fee, assuming no liabilities and no leverage above 1.0x debt to equity. 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 1 

Excludes organizational and offering costs. 
 21 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 b. Tentative incentive compensation = 17.5 x ordinary income before incentive compensation 

= 17.5 x 7.5 
 = 1.3 
 c. Total return after tentative incentive compensation = 8.0 - 1.3 
 = 6.7 
 d. Cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation is positive and the total return hurdle is less than total return but greater than total return after tentative incentive compensation, therefore incentive compensation is partially payable and = Total return total return hurdle 

= 8.0 - 7.0 
 = 1.0 
 Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Compensation: 
 Alternative 1: 
 a. Assumptions 

i. Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B ). 

ii. Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value, or fair market value FMV ), of Investment B determined to be 32 million. Cumulative annual total return of 40 . 

iii. Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million. Cumulative annual total return of 15 . 

iv. Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million. Cumulative annual total return of 10 . 

b. The capital gains portion of the incentive compensation would be: 

i. Year 1: None. 

ii. Year 2: Capital gains incentive compensation of 5.25 million 5.25 million = 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 17.5 and total return hurdle satisfied). 

iii. Year 3: None; no realized capital gains. 

iv. Year 4: Capital gains incentive compensation of 0.175 million 31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 17.5 , less 5.25 million of capital gains incentive compensation paid in year 2 and total return hurdle satisfied). 

Alternative 2 
 a. Assumptions 

i. Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C ). 

ii. Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million. Cumulative annual total return of 15 . 

iii. Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million. Cumulative annual total return of 6 . 

iv. Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million. Cumulative annual total return of 20 . 

v. Year 5: Investment B sold for 40 million. Cumulative annual total return of 20 . 

b. The capital gains portion of the incentive compensation would be: 

i. Year 1: None. 

ii. Year 2: Capital gains incentive compensation of 4.375 million; 17.5 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B, and the total return hurdle is satisfied). 

22 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 iii. Year 3: None as the total return hurdle is not satisfied. 

iv. Year 4: Capital gains incentive compensation of 1.75 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains (including 5 million of realized capital gains from year 3 at a time when the total return hurdle was not satisfied and no cumulative unrealized capital depreciation) multiplied by 17.5 , less 4.375 million capital gains incentive compensation paid in year 2, and the total return hurdle is satisfied). 

v. Year 5: Capital gains incentive compensation of 1.75 million 45 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 17.5 , less 6.125 million in capital gains incentive compensation paid in years 2 and 4, and the total return hurdle is satisfied). 

Payment of our expenses 
 All investment professionals and staff of the Advisor, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services (including health insurance, 401(k) plan benefits, payroll taxes and other compensation related matters), are provided and paid for by the Advisor. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: 
 our organization; 

calculating our net asset value and net asset value per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Advisor or payable to third parties in performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, monitoring our investments and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

the costs of all future offerings of common stock and other securities, if any; 

the base management fee and any incentive compensation; 

distributions on our shares; 

administration fees payable under our administration agreement; 

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 

the allocated costs incurred by our Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; 

amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, evaluating, making and disposing of investments; 

brokerage fees and commissions; 

registration fees; 

listing fees; 

taxes; 

director fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; 

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders, including printing costs; 

costs of holding stockholder meetings; 

our fidelity bond; 

directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

litigation, indemnification and other non-recurring or extraordinary expenses; 

23 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including audit and legal costs; 

dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which we are a member; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business, such as the allocable portion of overhead under our administration agreement, including rent and other allocable portions of the cost of certain of our officers and their respective staffs. 

From time to time, the Advisor may pay amounts owed by us to third party providers of goods or services. We will subsequently reimburse the Advisor for such amounts paid on our behalf. 
 Limitation of liability and indemnification 
 The investment management agreement provides that the Advisor and its officers, directors, employees and affiliates are not liable to us or any of our stockholders for any act or omission by it or its employees in the supervision or management of our investment activities or for any loss sustained by us or our stockholders, except that the foregoing exculpation does not extend to any act or omission constituting willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations under the investment management agreement. The investment management agreement also provides for indemnification by us of the Advisor s members, directors, officers, employees, agents and control persons for liabilities incurred by it in connection with their services to us, subject to the same limitations and to certain conditions. 
 Board and stockholder approval of the investment management agreement 
 Our board of directors held in-person meetings on October 28, 2021, in order to consider and reapprove our investment management agreement. In its consideration of the investment management agreement, the board of directors focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: (a) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by the Advisor; (b) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other business development companies with similar investment objectives; (c) our financial performance, operating expenses and expense ratio compared to business development companies with similar investment objectives; (d) any existing and potential sources of indirect income to the Advisor from its relationships with us and the profitability of those relationships; (e) information about the services performed and the personnel performing such services under the investment management agreement; (f) the organizational capability and financial condition of the Advisor and its affiliates; (g) the Advisor s practices regarding the selection and compensation of brokers that execute our portfolio transactions and the brokers provision of brokerage and research services to our investment advisor; and (h) the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure. 
 Based on the information reviewed and the discussions, the board of directors, including a majority of the non-interested directors, concluded that the investment management fee rates are reasonable in relation to the services to be provided. 
 Duration and termination 
 The investment management agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date of stockholder approval and thereafter will remain in effect from year to year if approved annually by our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons. The investment management agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The investment management agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. Any termination by us must be authorized either by our board of directors or by vote of our stockholders. See Risk Factors Risks related to our business We are dependent upon senior management personnel of the Advisor for our future success, and if the Advisor is unable to retain qualified personnel or if the Advisor loses any member of its senior management team, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 
 24 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into an administration agreement with the Administrator, which we refer to as the administration agreement, under which the Administrator provides administrative services to us. The Administrator provides services including, but not limited to, the arrangement for the services of, and the overseeing of, custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks, stockholders and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator also makes reports to the board of its performance of obligations under the administration agreement and furnishes advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of our business and affairs that we determine to be desirable. The Administrator is responsible for our financial and other records that are required to be maintained and prepares all reports and other materials required by any agreement or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authority, including reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, 10-K and periodic reports to stockholders, determining the amounts available for distribution as dividends and distributions to be paid by us to our stockholders, reviewing and implementing any share purchase programs authorized by the board, maintaining or overseeing the maintenance of our books and records as required under the 1940 Act, and maintaining (or overseeing maintenance by other persons) such other books and records required by law or for our proper operation. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, we reimburse the Administrator for expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of overhead under the administration agreement and the cost of certain of our officers and the Administrator s administrative staff and providing, at our request and on our behalf, significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. From time to time, the Administrator may pay amounts owed by us to third-party providers of goods or services. We subsequently reimburse the Administrator for such amounts paid on our behalf. 
 Leverage 
 Our leverage program is comprised of 300.0 million in available debt under a revolving, multi-currency credit facility issued by SVCP (the Operating Facility ), 200.0 million in available debt under a senior secured revolving credit facility issued by TCPC Funding II Funding Facility II ), 250.0 million in senior unsecured notes issued by the Company maturing in 2024 (the 2024 Notes ), 325.0 million in senior unsecured notes issued by the Company maturing in 2026 (the 2026 Notes and 160.0 million in committed leverage from the SBA (the SBA Program and, together with the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II, the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, the Leverage Program ). Prior to being repaid on March 1, 2022, debt included 140.0 million in Convertible unsecured notes due March 2022 issued by the Company (the 2022 Convertible Notes ). Prior to being repaid on September 17, 2021, debt included 175.0 million in unsecured notes due August 2022 issued by the Company (the 2022 Notes ). Prior to being replaced by Funding Facility II on August 4, 2020, leverage included 300.0 million in available debt under a senior secured revolving credit facility issued by TCPC Funding Funding Facility I ). 
 The Operating Facility matures on May 6, 2026, subject to extension by the lenders at the request of SVCP, and bears interest at (a) LIBOR plus an applicable margin equal to either 1.75 or 2.00 , or (b) in the case of ABR borrowings, generally the prime rate in effect plus an applicable margin of either 0.75 or 1.00 depending on a ratio of the borrowing base to the facility commitments in both cases, and (iii) reduce commitment fees on the undrawn portion of the Operating Facility above the minimum utilization amount from 0.50 per annum to 0.375 per annum. In addition to amounts due on outstanding debt, the Operating Facility accrues commitment fees of 0.375 per annum on the unused portion above the minimum utilization of the facility, or 0.50 per annum on the unused portion that is below the minimum utilization of the total facility until March 1, 2022, the date on which the March 2022 Convertible Notes were terminated in full, after which time they accrue at a rate of 2.00 per annum. The Operating Facility includes a 100 million accordion feature which allows for expansion of the facility to up to 400.0 million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 
 The Funding Facility II matures on August 4, 2025, subject to extension by the lender at the request of TCPC Funding II, and contains an accordion feature which allows for expansion of the facility up to 250.0 million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. Borrowings under Funding Facility II bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.00 per annum, subject to certain funding requirements, plus a 0.35 fee on drawn amounts and an administrative fee of 0.15 per annum on the facility. The facility also accrues commitment fees of 0.35 per annum on the unused portion of the facility. 
 25 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 On August 30, 2016, the Company issued 140.0 million of convertible senior unsecured notes that matured on March 1, 2022. The 2022 Convertible Notes were general unsecured obligations of the Company, and ranked structurally junior to the Operating Facility, the Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures, and ranked pari passu with the 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes. The Company did not have the right to redeem the 2022 Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The 2022 Convertible Notes bore interest at an annual rate of 4.625 , payable semi-annually. In certain circumstances, the 2022 Convertible Notes could have been converted into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock (such combination to be at the Company s election), at an initial conversion rate of 54.5019 shares of common stock per one thousand dollar principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 18.35 per share of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilutional adjustments. The initial conversion price was approximately 10.0 above the 16.68 per share closing price of the Company s common stock on August 30, 2016. Prior to its maturity on March 1, 2022, the principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes exceeded the value of the conversion rate multiplied by the per share closing price of the Company s common stock. Therefore, no additional shares were added to the calculation of diluted earnings per common share and weighted average common shares outstanding. 
 On August 4, 2017, the Company issued 125.0 million of unsecured notes with a maturity date of August 11, 2022, unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. On November 3, 2017, the Company issued an additional 50.0 million of unsecured notes as a follow-on issuance of the 2022 Notes for a total aggregate principal amount of 175.0 million. The 2022 Notes bore interest at an annual rate of 4.125 and were redeemed at a price equal to par plus a make whole premium, and accrued and unpaid interest on September 17, 2021. 
 On August 23, 2019, the Company issued 150.0 million of unsecured notes that mature on August 23, 2024, unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. On November 26, 2019, the Company issued an additional 50.0 million of unsecured notes as a follow-on issuance of the 2024 Notes and on October 2, 2020, the Company issued an additional 50.0 million of the 2024 Notes for a total outstanding aggregate principal amount of 250.0 million. The 2024 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank structurally junior to the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures, and rank pari passu with the 2026 Notes. The 2024 Notes may be redeemed in whole or part at the Company's option at a redemption price equal to par plus a make whole premium, as determined pursuant to the indenture governing the 2024 Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest. The 2024 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 3.900 , payable semi-annually. 
 On February 9, 2021, the Company issued 175.0 million of unsecured notes that mature on February 6, 2026, unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. On August 27, 2021, the Company issued an additional 150.0 million of the 2026 Notes, at a premium to par, for a total outstanding aggregate principal amount of 325.0 million. The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank structurally junior to the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures, and rank pari passu with the 2024 Notes. The 2026 Notes may be redeemed in whole or part at the Company's option at a redemption price equal to par plus a make whole premium, as determined pursuant to the indenture governing the 2026 Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest. The 2026 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 2.850 , payable semi-annually. 
 The SBIC is able to issue up to 160.0 million in debt under the SBA Debentures, subject to funded regulatory capital and other customary regulatory requirements. SVCP has committed 87.5 million of regulatory capital to the SBIC, all of which had been funded at December 31, 2022. Debt issued under the SBA Debentures is non-recourse and may be prepaid at any time without penalty. The interest rate on such debt is fixed at the time of issuance at a market-driven spread over 10-year U.S. Treasury Notes. 
 The Leverage Program is subject to certain financial or other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in full compliance with such covenants. 
 26 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the 1934 Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

Pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act, our management must prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 

Pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 27 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 of China s export industry, which could have a negative impact on our performance. U.S. companies that source material and goods from China and those that make large amounts of sales in China would be particularly vulnerable to an escalation of trade tensions. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the trade tensions and the potential for a trade war could cause the U.S. dollar to decline against safe haven currencies, such as the Japanese yen and the euro. Events such as these and their consequences are difficult to predict and it is unclear whether further tariffs may be imposed or other escalating actions may be taken in the future. Any of these effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The effects described above on our portfolio companies could impact their ability to make payments on their loans on a timely basis and may impact their ability to continue making their loan payments on a timely basis or meeting their loan covenants. The inability of portfolio companies to make timely payments or meet loan covenants may in the future require us to undertake amendment actions with respect to our investments or to restructure our investments, which may include the need for us to make additional investments in our portfolio companies (including debt or equity investments) beyond any existing commitments, exchange debt for equity, or change the payment terms of our investments to permit a portfolio company to pay a portion of its interest through payment-in-kind, which would defer the cash collection of such interest and add it to the principal balance, which would generally be due upon repayment of the outstanding principal. 
 general threats to the Company s ability to continue investment operations and to operate successfully as a BDC. 

on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

where LIBOR ceases to be published and may be an ineffective fallback following the discontinuation of LIBOR. On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which among other things, provides for the use of interest rates based on SOFR in certain contracts currently based on LIBOR and a safe harbor from liability for utilizing SOFR-based interest rates as a replacement for LIBOR. The elimination of LIBOR could have an adverse impact on the market value of and/or transferability of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. 

The Operating Facility also has certain key man provisions. For example, it is an event of default if the Advisor is controlled by any person or group other than (i) a wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. or (ii) any two of Howard Levkowitz, Michael Leitner, Philip Tseng and Rajneesh Vig (or any replacement manager or individual reasonably acceptable to the administrative agent and approved by the required lenders), provided that if the Advisor is no longer under the control of at least two of such four individuals (or their previously approved replacements) through an event resulting in the death or disability of such individuals, the Advisor has 60 calendar days to replace such individuals with other managers or individuals reasonably acceptable to the administrative agent and approved by the required lenders, provided further that a default (but not an event of default) shall be deemed to exist during such period. 

SBICs, from making certain distributions to us that may be necessary to enable us to maintain our status as a RIC. We may have to request a waiver of the SBA s restrictions for the SBIC to make certain distributions to maintain our eligibility for RIC status. We cannot assure you that the SBA will grant such a waiver and if the SBIC is unable to obtain a waiver, compliance with the SBA regulations may result in loss of RIC tax treatment and a consequent imposition of an entity-level tax on us. 
 
 obligations under the debentures, the SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to the SBIC s assets over our stockholders in the event we liquidate the SBIC or the SBA exercises its remedies under such debentures as the result of a default by us. 

() 

() 

The assumed portfolio return in the table is based on SEC regulations and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. The table also assumes that we will maintain a constant level of leverage. The amount of leverage that we use will vary from time to time. 

which is often in advance of receiving cash payment. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. Any warrants that we receive in connection with our debt investments are generally valued as part of the negotiation process with the particular portfolio company. As a result, a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the debt investments and warrants are allocated to the warrants that we receive. This will generally result in original issue discount, or OID, for tax purposes, which we must recognize as ordinary income, increasing the amounts we are required to distribute to qualify for the federal income tax benefits applicable to RICs. Because such original issue discount income would not be accompanied by cash, we would need to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements, we may fail to qualify for favorable tax treatment as a RIC and, thus, could become subject to a corporate-level income tax on all of our income. Other features of the debt instruments that we hold may also cause such instruments to generate original issue discount, resulting in a distribution requirement in excess of current cash received. Similarly, newly enacted tax legislation contains rules that may in certain other circumstances require the recognition of non-cash taxable income or may limit the deductibility of certain of our cash expenses. Since in certain cases we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income or may be subject to limitations on the deductibility of cash expenses, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. If we are unable to meet these distribution requirements, we will not qualify for favorable tax treatment as a RIC or, even if such distribution requirements are satisfied, we may be subject to tax on the amount that is undistributed. Accordingly, we may have to sell some of our assets, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements and avoid tax. 

advisory services; providing technology infrastructure and analytics under the BlackRock Solutions brand and engaging in certain broker-dealer activities and other activities. Although the relationships and activities of the BlackRock Entities should help enable these entities to offer attractive opportunities and services to the Company, such relationships and activities create certain inherent actual and potential conflicts of interest. In the ordinary course of business, the BlackRock Entities engage in activities where their interests or the interests of their clients may conflict with the interests of the Company, certain investors or a group of investors, or the Company s investments. The following discussion enumerates certain potential and actual conflicts of interest. Allocation of Investment Opportunities . The BlackRock Entities manage and advise numerous accounts for clients around the world, such as registered and unregistered funds and owners of separately managed accounts (collectively, Client Accounts ). Client Accounts include funds and accounts in which the BlackRock Entities or their personnel have an interest BlackRock Accounts ). Certain of these Client Accounts have investment objectives, and utilize investment strategies, that are similar to the Company s. As a result, certain investments may be appropriate for the Company and also for other Client Accounts. The BlackRock Entities allocation of investment opportunities among various Client Accounts presents inherent potential and actual conflicts of interest, particularly where an investment opportunity is limited. These potential conflicts are exacerbated in situations where BlackRock is entitled to higher fees and incentive compensation from certain Client Accounts than from other Client Accounts (including the Company), where the portfolio managers making an allocation decision are entitled to an incentive fee, carried interest or other similar compensation from such other Client Accounts, or where there are differences in proprietary investments in the Company and other Client Accounts. The prospect of achieving higher compensation or greater investment return from another investment vehicle or separate account than from the Company provides incentives for the Advisor or other BlackRock Entities to favor the other investment vehicle or separate account over the Company when, for example, allocating investment opportunities that the Advisor believes could result in favorable performance. It is the policy of BlackRock not to make decisions based on the foregoing interests or greater fees or compensation. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities or is managed by the Advisor will generally be an affiliate of the Company for purposes of the 1940 Act and the Company is generally prohibited from participating in certain transactions such as co-investing with, or buying or selling any security from or to, such affiliate, absent the prior approval of the Independent Directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. However, the Advisor and the funds managed by the Advisor have received an order providing an exemption from certain SEC regulations prohibiting transactions with affiliates (the Order ). The Order requires that certain procedures be followed prior to making an investment subject to the Order and such procedures could in certain circumstances adversely affect the price paid or received by the Company or the availability or size of the position purchased or sold by the Company. The Advisor may also face conflicts of interest in making investments pursuant to the Order. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of the Company s affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of the Independent Directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. The Company is prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25 of the Company s voting securities and from or to certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC (other than certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). The analysis of whether a particular transaction constitutes a joint transaction requires a review of the relevant facts and circumstances relating to the particular transaction. Similar restrictions limit the Company s ability to transact business with its officers or directors or their affiliates. To address actual and potential conflicts associated with allocation of investments, BlackRock has developed an investment allocation policy (the Investment Allocation Policy and related guidelines. In addition, certain BlackRock Entities and business units have supplemental allocation policies for making allocation decisions among Client Accounts managed by such BlackRock Entities (together with the Investment Allocation Policy and related guidelines, the Allocation Policy ). The Allocation Policy is intended to ensure that investment opportunities are allocated on a fair and equitable basis among Client Accounts over time, taking into account various factors including the Client Account s investment objective, guidelines and restrictions and other portfolio construction considerations; available capital and liquidity needs; tax, regulatory and contractual considerations; risk or investment concentration parameters; supply or demand for a security at a given price level; size of available investment; unfunded capital commitments or cash availability and liquidity requirements; leverage limitations; regulatory restrictions; contractual restrictions (including with other clients); minimum investment size; relative size; and such other factors as may be relevant to a particular transaction or Client Account. The BlackRock Entities reserve the right to allocate investment opportunities appropriate for the investment objectives of the Company and other Client Accounts in any other manner deemed fair and equitable by the BlackRock Entities consistent with the Allocation Policy, the Order and applicable law. The application of the Allocation Policy, the Order and the foregoing considerations may result in a particular Client Account, including the Company, not receiving an allocation of an investment opportunity that has been allocated to other Client Accounts following the same or similar strategy, or receiving a smaller allocation than other Client Accounts or an allocation on an other than pro rata basis. Furthermore, as the investment programs of the Company and the other applicable Client Accounts change and develop over time, additional issues and considerations may affect the Allocation Policy and the expectations of the BlackRock Entities with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities to the Company and other Client Accounts. BlackRock and the Advisor reserve the right to change the Allocation Policy and guidelines relating thereto from time to time without the consent of or notice to stockholders, subject to the disclosure requirements of applicable law. As a general matter, it is expected the Company will participate in investments deemed appropriate for the Company s strategy and either sourced by the investment personnel directly responsible for managing the Company (though investments sourced by such personnel may also be allocated to other Client Accounts that may be managed by other investment teams) or made available for investment by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Order. Allocation of Expenses . Side-by-side management by the BlackRock Entities of the Company and Client Accounts raises other potential and actual conflicts of interest, including those associated with allocating expenses attributable to the Company and one or more other Client Accounts. The Advisor and its affiliates will attempt to make such allocations on a basis that they consider to be fair and equitable to the Company under the circumstances over time and considering such factors as it deems relevant. The allocations of such expenses may not be proportional, and any such determinations involve inherent matters of discretion, e.g., in determining whether to allocate pro rata based on number of Client Accounts or proportionately in accordance with asset size, or in certain circumstances determining whether a particular expense has a greater benefit to the Company, other Client Accounts or the Advisor and/or its affiliates. Activities of Other Client Accounts . The BlackRock Entities will, from time to time, be actively engaged in transactions on behalf of other Client Accounts in the same investments, securities, derivatives and other instruments in which the Company will directly or indirectly invest. Trading for certain other Client Accounts is carried out without reference to positions held directly or indirectly by the Company and may have an effect on the value or liquidity of the positions so held or may result in another Client Account having an interest in an issuer adverse to that of the Company. Under certain circumstances and subject to the Order and applicable law, the Company may invest directly or indirectly in a transaction in which one or more other Client Accounts are expected, or seek, to participate or already have made, or concurrently will make or seek to make, an investment. The Company and the other Client Accounts may have conflicting interests and objectives in connection with such investments, including with respect to views on the operations or activities of the project or company involved, the targeted returns from the investment and the timeframe for, and method of, exiting the investment. For example, the Advisor s decisions on behalf of other Client Accounts to sell, redeem from or otherwise liquidate a security in which the Company is invested may adversely affect the Company, including by causing such investment to be less liquid or more concentrated, or by causing the Company to no longer participate in a controlling position in the investment or to lose the benefit of certain negotiated terms, including, without limitation, fee discounts. Conflicts will also arise in cases where the Company, directly or indirectly, and other Client Accounts invest in different parts of an issuer s capital structure, including circumstances in which one or more Client Accounts may own private securities or obligations of an issuer and other Client Accounts may own public securities of the same issuer. If an issuer in which the Company, directly or indirectly, and one or more other Client Accounts hold different classes of securities (or other assets, instruments or obligations issued by such issuer) encounters financial problems, decisions over the terms of any workout will raise potential conflicts of interests (including, for example, conflicts regarding the terms of recapitalizations and proposed waivers, amendments or enforcement of debt covenants). As a result, one or more Client Accounts may pursue or enforce rights with respect to a particular issuer in which the Company has directly or indirectly invested, and those activities may have an adverse effect on the Company. Because of the different legal rights associated with debt and equity of the same portfolio company, BlackRock expects to face a potential conflict of interest in respect of the advice given to, and the actions taken on behalf of, the Company versus another Client Account (e.g., the terms of debt instruments, the enforcement of covenants, the terms of recapitalizations and the resolution of workouts or bankruptcies). For example, if the Company holds debt securities of an issuer and a Client Account directly or indirectly holds equity securities of the same issuer, then, if the issuer experiences financial or operational challenges, the Company may seek a liquidation of the issuer in which it may be paid in full, whereas the Client Account, as a direct or indirect equity holder, might prefer a reorganization that holds the potential to create value for the equity holders. Similarly, if additional capital is necessary as a result of financial or other difficulties, or to finance growth of other opportunities, subject to the Order and applicable law and regulation, a Client Account may not provide such additional capital and the Company may do so, or vice versa. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding of an issuer, the Company may be limited (by applicable law, courts or otherwise) in the positions or actions it may be permitted to take due to other interests held or actions or positions taken by other Client Accounts. In negotiating the terms and conditions of any such investments, or any subsequent amendments or waivers, the Advisor and the other BlackRock Entities may find that their own interests, the interests of the Company and/or the interests of one or more other Client Accounts could conflict. Any of the foregoing conflicts of interest will be discussed and resolved on a case-by-case basis. The resolution of such conflicts will take into consideration the interests of the relevant parties, the circumstances giving rise to the conflict, the Order to the extent applicable and applicable law. Stockholders should be aware that conflicts will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the Company and that the Company could be adversely affected by the actions taken by BlackRock Entities on behalf of Client Accounts. In order to avoid or reduce the conflicts that may arise in cases where the Company, directly or indirectly, and other Client Accounts invest in different parts of an issuer s capital structure, or for other reasons, the Company may choose not to invest in issuers in which other Client Accounts hold an existing investment, even if the Advisor believes such investment opportunity to be attractive and otherwise appropriate for the Company and is permitted under applicable law and regulation, which may adversely affect the performance of the Company. Other transactions by one or more Client Accounts also may have the effect of diluting the values or prices of investments held directly or indirectly by the Company or otherwise disadvantaging the Company. This may occur when portfolio decisions regarding the Company are based on research or other information that is also used to support portfolio decisions for other Client Accounts. When a BlackRock Entity implements a portfolio decision or strategy on behalf of a Client Account other than the Company ahead of, or contemporaneously with, similar portfolio decisions or strategies for the Company (whether or not the portfolio decisions emanate from the same research analysis or other information), market impact, liquidity constraints or other factors could result in the Company receiving less favorable investment results, and the cost of implementing such portfolio decisions or strategies for the Company could increase, or the Company could otherwise be disadvantaged. Additionally, if the Company makes an investment in a portfolio company in conjunction with an investment made by another Client Account, the Company may not invest through the same investment vehicles, have the same access to credit or employ the same hedging or investment strategies as such other Client Account. This likely will result in differences in investment cost, investment terms, leverage and associated expenses between the Company and any other Client Account. There can be no assurance that the Company and the other Client Accounts will exit the investment at the same time or on the same terms, and there can be no assurance that the Company s return on such an investment will be the same as the returns achieved by any other Client Accounts participating in the transactions. Given the nature of these conflicts, there can be no assurance that the resolution of these conflicts will be beneficial to the Company. The BlackRock Entities may also, in certain circumstances and subject to the Order and applicable law and regulation, pursue or enforce rights or take other actions with respect to a particular issuer or investment jointly on behalf of the Company and other Client Accounts. In such circumstances, the Company may be adversely impacted by the other Client Accounts activities, and transactions for the Company may be impaired or effected at prices or terms that may be less favorable than would otherwise have been the case had the other Client Accounts not pursued a particular course of action with respect to the issuer or investment. For example, one or more Client Accounts may dispose of or make an in kind distribution of its portion of an investment that is also held by the Company and other Client Accounts, and such action may adversely affect the Company and such other Client Accounts that continue to hold such investment. Conflicts may also arise because portfolio decisions made by the Advisor on behalf of the Company may benefit other BlackRock Entities or Client Accounts, including BlackRock Accounts. For example, subject to the Order and applicable law and regulation, the Company may invest directly or indirectly in the securities, bank loans or other obligations of issuers in which a Client Account has an equity, debt or other interest, or vice versa. In certain circumstances, the Advisor may be incentivized not to undertake certain actions on behalf of the Company in connection with such investments, in view of a BlackRock Entity s or Client Account s involvement with the relevant issuer or investment. Further, the Company may also engage in investment transactions that result in other Client Accounts being relieved of obligations or otherwise divesting of investments that the Company also holds or which cause the Company to have to divest certain investments. The purchase, holding and sale of investments by the Company may enhance the profitability of another Client Account s own investments in and activities with respect to such investments. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company may invest, directly or indirectly, in equity of investments or issuers affiliated with the BlackRock Entities or in which a BlackRock Entity or a Client Account has a direct or indirect debt or other interest, or vice versa, and may acquire such equity or debt either directly or indirectly through public or private acquisitions. Such investments may benefit the BlackRock Entities or Client Accounts. In addition, the Advisor may be incentivized not to undertake certain actions on behalf of the Company in connection with such investments, in view of a BlackRock Entity s or Client Account s involvement with the relevant issuer or investment. Moreover, the Advisor s investment professionals, its senior management and employees serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as the Company. Accordingly, these individuals may have obligations to investors in those entities or funds, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of the Company or stockholders. In addition, certain of the personnel employed by the Advisor or focused on the Company s business may change in ways that are detrimental to the Company s business. Transactions Between Client Accounts . Each of the BlackRock Entities and the Advisor reserve the right to conduct cross trades between the Company and other Client Accounts in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Advisor may cause the Company to purchase securities or other assets from or sell securities or other assets to, or engage in other transactions with, other Client Accounts or vehicles when the Advisor believes such transactions are appropriate and in the participants best interest, subject to applicable law and regulation. The Company may enter into agency cross transactions, in which a BlackRock Entity may act as broker for the Company and for the other party to the transaction, to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulation and the relevant Client Account governing documents. In such cases, the Advisor and such other Client Accounts or BlackRock Entities, as applicable, may have a potentially conflicting division of loyalties and responsibilities regarding both parties to the transaction. To the extent that any provision of Section 11(a) of the Exchange Act, or any of the rules promulgated thereunder, is applicable to any transactions effected by the Advisor, such transactions will be effected in accordance with the requirements of such provisions and rules. Proxy Voting. The Board of Directors has delegated to the Advisor discretion with respect to voting and consent rights of the assets of the Company. Consistent with applicable rules under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), BlackRock has adopted and implemented written proxy voting policies and procedures with respect to individual securities held by the Company that are reasonably designed: (i) to ensure that proxies are voted, consistent with its fiduciary obligations, in the best interests of Client Accounts under the circumstances over time; and (ii) to prevent conflicts of interest from influencing proxy voting decisions made on behalf of clients. Nevertheless, when votes are cast in accordance with BlackRock s proxy voting policy and in a manner that BlackRock believes to be consistent with its fiduciary obligations, actual proxy voting decisions made on behalf of one Client Account may have the effect of favoring or harming the interests of other Client Accounts, including the Company. Stockholders may receive a copy of BlackRock s proxy voting policy, upon request, and may also obtain a copy at: http://www.blackrock.com/corporate/en-us/about-us/responsible-investment/responsible-investment-reports. Investment Terms of Other Client Accounts . The investment terms offered to other Client Accounts or to investors in other Client Accounts with similar investment objectives as the Company may be different than those applicable to our stockholders and may create conflicts. In particular, with respect to investors in other Client Accounts that are managed as dedicated funds or with respect to other Client Accounts investing through separate accounts with similar investment objectives to the Company, information sharing may, to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulation, be more extensive, detailed and timely as compared to information available to our stockholders, and the other Client Accounts liquidity may not be subject to the restrictions that apply to our stockholders. Management of the Company . In connection with the management of the Company, the Board of Directors and/or the Advisor will have the right to make certain determinations on behalf of the Company, in its discretion. Any such determinations may affect stockholders differently and some stockholders may be adversely affected by such determinations by the Board of Directors or Advisor. Stockholders may be situated differently in a number of ways, including being resident of, or organized in, various jurisdictions, being subject to different tax rules or regulatory structures and/or having different internally- or externally-imposed investment policies, restrictions or guidelines. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by the Board of Directors or the Advisor that may be more beneficial for certain stockholders. In making determinations on behalf of the Company, including in structuring and completing investments, the Advisor intends to consider the investment and tax objectives of the Company and the stockholders as a whole, not the investment, tax or other objectives of any stockholder individually. Subject to applicable law, including the 1940 Act, and the terms of the applicable contracts with the Company, BlackRock Entities may from time to time, and without notice to the Company or stockholders, insource or outsource to third-parties, including parties which are affiliated with BlackRock, certain processes or functions in connection with a variety of services that they provide to the Company in their administrative or other capacities. Such in-sourcing or outsourcing may give rise to potential conflicts of interest. Limited Access to Information; Information Advantage of Certain BlackRock Clients . As a result of receiving client reports, service on a Client Account s advisory board, affiliation with the Advisor or otherwise, one or more BlackRock clients may have access to different information regarding the BlackRock Entities transactions, strategies or views, and may act on such information in accounts not controlled by the BlackRock Entities, which may have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Company. The Company and its investments may also be adversely affected by market movements or by decreases in the pool of available securities or liquidity arising from purchases and sales by, as well as increases of capital in, and withdrawals of capital from, other Client Accounts and other accounts of BlackRock clients not controlled by BlackRock. These effects can be more pronounced in respect of investments with limited capacity and in thinly traded securities and less liquid markets. Furthermore, our stockholders rights to information regarding the Advisor or the Company generally will be limited to applicable reporting obligations and information requirements under the Exchange Act and applicable state law. It is anticipated that the Advisor and its affiliates will obtain certain types of material information from or relating to the Company s investments that will not be disclosed to stockholders because such disclosure is prohibited, including as a result of contractual, legal or similar obligations outside of BlackRock s control. Such limitations on the disclosure of such information may have adverse consequences for stockholders in a variety of circumstances and may make it difficult for a stockholder to monitor the Advisor and its performance. Advisor Decisions May Benefit BlackRock Entities and BlackRock Accounts . BlackRock Entities may derive ancillary benefits from certain decisions made on behalf of the Company. While the Advisor will make decisions for the Company in accordance with its obligations to manage the Company appropriately, the fees, allocations, compensation and other benefits to the BlackRock Entities (including benefits relating to business relationships of the BlackRock Entities) may be greater as a result of certain portfolio, investment, service provider or other decisions made by the Advisor for the Company than they would have been had other decisions been made which also might have been appropriate for the Company. In addition, BlackRock Entities may invest in Client Accounts and therefore may indirectly derive ancillary benefits from certain decisions made by the Advisor. The Advisor may also make decisions and exercise discretion with respect to the Company that could benefit BlackRock Entities that have invested in the Company. Temporary Investments in Cash Management Products . Subject to applicable law, the Company may invest, on a temporary basis, in short-term, high-grade assets or other cash management products, including SEC-registered investment funds (open-end or closed-end) or unregistered funds, including any such funds that are sponsored, managed or serviced by advisory BlackRock Entities. In connection with any of these investments, the Company will bear all fees pertaining to the investment, including advisory, administrative or 12b-1 fees, and no portion of any fees otherwise payable by the Company will be offset against fees payable in accordance with any of these investments (i.e., there could be double fees involved in making any of these investments which would not arise in connection with a stockholder s direct investment in such money market or liquidity funds, because a BlackRock Entity could receive fees with respect to both the management of the Company, on one hand, and such cash management products, on the other). In these circumstances, as well as in other circumstances in which any BlackRock Entities receive any fees or other compensation in any form relating to the provision of services, subject to the Company s Governing Documents, no accounting, repayment to the Company or offset of the Advisory Fee will be required. Management Responsibilities . The employees and directors of the Advisor or its affiliates are not under any obligation to devote all of their professional time to the affairs of the Company, but will devote such time and attention to the affairs of the Company as BlackRock determines in its discretion is necessary to carry out the operations of the Company effectively. Employees and directors of the Advisor engage in other activities unrelated to the affairs of the Company, including managing or advising other Client Accounts, which presents potential conflicts in allocating management time, services and functions among the Company and other Client Accounts. These potential conflicts will be exacerbated in situations where employees may be entitled to greater incentive compensation or other remuneration from certain Client Accounts than from other Client Accounts (including the Company). The Advisor may, subject to applicable law, utilize the personnel or services of its affiliates in a variety of ways to make available to the Company BlackRock s global capabilities. Although the Advisor believes this practice generally is in the best interests of its clients, it is possible that conflicts with respect to allocation of investment opportunities, portfolio execution, client servicing or other matters may arise due to differences in regulatory requirements in various jurisdictions, time differences or other reasons. The Advisor will seek to ameliorate any conflicts that arise and may determine not to utilize the personnel or services of a particular affiliate in circumstances where it believes the potential conflict outweighs the potential benefits. Investments by Directors, Officers and Employees of BlackRock Entities . The directors, officers and employees of BlackRock Entities are permitted to buy and sell public or private securities, commingled vehicles or other investments held by the Company for their own accounts, or accounts of their family members and in which such BlackRock Entity personnel may have a pecuniary interest, including through accounts (or investments in funds) managed by BlackRock Entities, in accordance with BlackRock s personal trading policies. As a result of differing trading and investment strategies or constraints, positions taken by BlackRock Entity directors, officers, and employees may be the same as or different from, or made contemporaneously or at different times than, positions taken for the Company. Such persons and/or investment vehicles they manage also may invest in companies in the same industries as companies in which the Company expects to invest, and may compete with the Company for investment opportunities, and their investments may compete with the Company s investments. In addition, BlackRock personnel may serve on the boards of directors of companies in the same industries as companies in which the Company expects to invest, which can give rise to conflicting obligations and interests. As these situations may involve potential conflicts of interest, BlackRock has adopted policies and procedures relating to personal securities transactions, insider trading and other ethical considerations. These policies and procedures are intended to identify and reduce actual conflicts of interest with clients and to resolve such conflicts appropriately if they do occur. Issues Relating to the Valuation of Assets . While securities and other property held by the Company generally will be valued by reference to an independent third-party source, in certain circumstances holdings may be valued at fair value based upon the principles and methods of valuation set forth in policies adopted by the Board of Directors. Moreover, a significant portion of the assets in which the Company may directly or indirectly invest may not have a readily ascertainable market value and, subject to applicable law, may be valued at fair value based upon the principles and methods of valuation set forth in policies adopted by the Board of Directors. Potential Restrictions on the Advisor s Activities on Behalf of the Company . From time to time, the Advisor expects to be restricted from purchasing or selling securities or taking other actions on behalf of the Company because of regulatory and legal requirements applicable to BlackRock Entities, other Client Accounts and/or the Advisor s internal policies designed to comply with or limit the applicability of, or which otherwise relate to, such requirements. An investment fund not advised by BlackRock Entities may not be subject to the same considerations. There may be periods when the Advisor (on behalf of the Company) may not initiate or recommend certain types of transactions, may limit or delay purchases, may sell or redeem existing investments, forego transactions or other investment opportunities, restrict or limit the exercise of rights (including voting rights), or may otherwise restrict or limit their advice with respect to securities or instruments issued by or related to issuers for which BlackRock Entities are performing advisory or other services. Such policies may restrict the Company s activities more than required by applicable law. For example, when BlackRock Entities are engaged to provide advisory or risk management services for an issuer, the Company may be prohibited from or limited in purchasing or selling interests of that issuer, particularly in cases where BlackRock Entities have or may obtain material non-public information about the issuer. Similar prohibitions or limitations could also arise if: (i) BlackRock Entity personnel serve as directors or officers of issuers, the securities or other interests of which the Company wishes to purchase or sell, (ii) the Advisor on behalf of the Company participates in a transaction (including a controlled acquisition of a U.S. public company) that results in the requirement to restrict all purchases, sales and voting of equity securities of such target issuer, or (iii) regulations, including portfolio affiliation rules or stock exchange rules, prohibit participation in offerings by an issuer when other Client Accounts have prior holdings of such issuer s securities or desire to participate in such a public offering, or where other Client Accounts have or may have short positions in such issuer s securities. However, where permitted by applicable law, and where consistent with the BlackRock Entities policies and procedures, the BlackRock Entities may, but are not obligated to, seek to avoid such prohibitions or limitations (such as through the implementation of appropriate information barriers), and in such cases, the Advisor on behalf of the Company may purchase or sell securities or instruments that are issued by such issuers. In addition, certain activities and actions may also be considered to result in reputational risk or disadvantage for the management of the Company and/or for the Advisor and its affiliates, and the Advisor may decline or limit an investment opportunity or dispose of an existing investment as a result. In addition, in regulated industries and in certain markets, and in certain futures and derivative transactions, there are limits on the aggregate amount of investment by affiliated investors that may not be exceeded without a regulatory filing, the grant of a license or other regulatory or corporate consent. For example, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), the U.S. commodities exchanges and certain non-U.S. exchanges have established limits referred to as speculative position limits or position limits on the maximum long or short (or, for some commodities, the gross) positions which any person or group of persons may own, hold or control in certain futures or options on futures contracts, and such rules generally require aggregation of the positions owned, held or controlled by related entities. Any such limits may prevent the Company from acquiring positions that might otherwise have been desirable or profitable. Under certain circumstances, the Advisor may restrict a purchase or sale of securities, derivative instruments or other assets on behalf of Client Accounts in anticipation of a future conflict that may arise if such purchase or sale would be made. Any such determination will take into consideration the interests of the relevant Client Accounts, the circumstances that would give rise to the future conflict and applicable law. Such determination will be made on a case by case basis. Other Services and Activities of the BlackRock Entities . The BlackRock Entities (including the Advisor) will, from time to time, provide financial, consulting and other services to, and receive compensation from, an entity which is the issuer of a security or other investment held by the Company, counterparties to transactions with the Company or third parties that also provide services to the Company. In addition, the BlackRock Entities (including the Advisor) may purchase property (including securities) from, sell property (including securities) or lend funds to, or otherwise deal with, any entity which is the issuer of a security held by the Company, counterparties to transactions with the Company or third parties that also provide services to the Company. It is also likely that the Company will have multiple business relationships with and will invest in, engage in transactions with, make voting decisions with respect to, or obtain services from entities for which BlackRock Entities perform or seek to perform certain financial services. Conflicts are expected to arise in connection with the foregoing. The BlackRock Entities may derive ancillary benefits from providing investment advisory, administrative and other services to the Company, and providing such services to the Company may enhance the BlackRock Entities relationships with various parties, facilitate additional business development, and enable the BlackRock Entities to obtain additional business and generate additional revenue. Potential Restrictions and Issues Relating to Information Held by BlackRock . The Advisor may not have access to information and personnel of all BlackRock Entities, including as a result of informational barriers constructed between different investment teams and groups within BlackRock focusing on alternative investments and otherwise. Therefore, the Advisor may not be able to manage the Company with the benefit of information held by one or more other investment teams and groups within the BlackRock Entities. However, although it is under no obligation to do so, if it is permitted to do so, the Advisor may consult with personnel on other investment teams and in other groups within BlackRock, or with persons unaffiliated with BlackRock, or may form investment policy committees composed of such personnel, and in certain circumstances, personnel of affiliates of the Advisor may have input into, or make determinations regarding, portfolio management transactions for the Company, and may receive information regarding the Advisor s proposed investment activities for the Company that generally is not available to the public. There will be no obligation on the part of such persons to make available for use by the Company any information or strategies known to them or developed in connection with their own client, proprietary or other activities. In addition, BlackRock will be under no obligation to make available any research or analysis prior to its public dissemination. The Advisor makes decisions for the Company based on the Company s investment program. The Advisor from time to time may have access to certain fundamental analysis, research and proprietary technical models developed by BlackRock Entities and their personnel. There will be no obligation on the part of the BlackRock Entities to make available for use by the Company, or to effect transactions on behalf of the Company on the basis of, any such information, strategies, analyses or models known to them or developed in connection with their own proprietary or other activities. In certain cases, such personnel will be prohibited from disclosing or using such information for their own benefit or for the benefit of any other person, including the Company and other Client Accounts. In other cases, fundamental analyses, research and proprietary models developed internally may be used by various BlackRock Entities and their personnel on behalf of different Client Accounts, which could result in purchase or sale transactions in the same security at different times (and could potentially result in certain transactions being made by one portfolio manager on behalf of certain Client Accounts before similar transactions are made by a different portfolio manager on behalf of other Client Accounts), or could also result in different purchase and sale transactions being made with respect to the same security. The Advisor may also effect transactions for the Company that differ from fundamental analysis, research or proprietary models issued by the BlackRock Entities or by the Advisor itself in various contexts. The foregoing transactions may negatively impact the Company and its direct and indirect investments through market movements or by decreasing the pool of available securities or liquidity, which effects can be more pronounced in thinly traded securities and less liquid markets. The BlackRock Entities and different investment teams and groups within the Advisor have no obligation to seek information or to make available to or share with the Company any third-party manager with which the Company invests any information, research, investment strategies, opportunities or ideas known to BlackRock Entity personnel or developed or used in connection with other clients or activities. The BlackRock Entities and different investment teams and groups within the Advisor may compete with the Company or any third-party manager with which the Company invests for appropriate investment opportunities on behalf of their other Client Accounts. The results of the investment activities of the Company may differ materially from the results achieved by BlackRock Entities for other Client Accounts. BlackRock Entities may give advice and take action with respect to other Client Accounts that may compete or conflict with the advice the Advisor may give to the Company, including with respect to their view of the operations or activities of an investment, the return of an investment, the timing or nature of action relating to an investment or the method of exiting an investment. BlackRock Entities may restrict transactions for themselves, but not for the Company, or vice versa. BlackRock Entities and certain of their personnel, including the Advisor s personnel or other BlackRock Entity personnel advising or otherwise providing services to the Company, may be in possession of information not available to all BlackRock Entity personnel, and such personnel may act on the basis of such information in ways that have adverse effects on the Company. The Company could sustain losses during periods in which BlackRock Entities and other Client Accounts achieve significant profits. Material, Non-Public Information . The Advisor and its personnel may not trade for the Company or other Client Accounts or for their own benefit or recommend trading in financial instruments of a company while they are in possession of material, non-public or price sensitive information Inside Information concerning such company, or disclose such Inside Information to any person not entitled to receive it. The BlackRock Entities (including the Advisor) may have access to Inside Information. The Advisor has instituted an internal information barrier policy designed to prevent securities laws violations based on access to Inside Information. Accordingly, there may be certain cases where the Advisor may be restricted from effecting purchases and/or sales of interests in securities or other financial instruments, or entering into certain transactions or exercising certain rights under such transactions on behalf of the Company and/or the other Client Accounts. There can be no assurance that the Advisor will not receive Inside Information and that such restrictions will not occur. At times, the Advisor, in an effort to avoid restriction for the Company or the other Client Accounts, may elect not to receive Inside Information, which may be relevant to the Company s portfolio, that other market participants are eligible to receive or have received and could affect decisions that would have otherwise been made. Any partner, officer or employee of the BlackRock Entities may serve as an officer, director, advisor or in comparable management functions for the investments of other Client Accounts, and any such person may obtain Inside Information in connection therewith, or in connection with such partner s, officer s or employee s other activities in the financial markets. In an effort to manage possible risks arising from the internal sharing of material non-public information, BlackRock maintains a list of restricted securities with respect to which it has access to material non-public information and in which Client Accounts are restricted from trading. If partners, officers or employees of BlackRock obtain such material non-public information about a portfolio company which is an investment of a Client Account, the Company may be prohibited by law, policy or contract, for a period of time, from (i) unwinding a position in such company, (ii) establishing an initial position or taking any greater position in such company and/or (iii) pursuing other investment opportunities, which could impact the returns to the Company. In addition, in certain circumstances, particularly during the liquidation of a Client Account, the Company may be prohibited from trading a position that it holds, directly or indirectly, in the Client Account because BlackRock determines that one or more partners, officers or employees of BlackRock holds material non-public information with respect to one or more remaining positions held by the Client Account. Transactions with Certain Stockholders . The Company is permitted to enter into transactions with certain stockholders, subject to applicable law. For example, the Advisor may be presented with opportunities to receive financing and/or other services in connection with the Company s operations and/or the Company s investments from certain stockholders or their affiliates that are engaged in lending or related business, which subjects the Advisor to conflicts of interest. The Company s Use of Investment Consultants and BlackRock s Relationship with Investment Consultants . Stockholders may work with pension or other institutional investment consultants (collectively, Investment Consultants ). Investment Consultants provide a wide array of services to pension plans and other institutions, including assisting in the selection and monitoring of investment advisers such as the Advisor. From time to time, Investment Consultants who recommend the Advisor to, and provide oversight of the Advisor for, stockholders may also provide services to or purchase services from the BlackRock Entities. For example, the BlackRock Entities purchase certain index and performance-related databases and human resources-related information from Investment Consultants and their affiliates. The BlackRock Entities also utilize brokerage execution services of Investment Consultants or their affiliates, and BlackRock Entities personnel may attend conferences sponsored by Investment Consultants. Conversely, from time to time, the BlackRock Entities may be hired by Investment Consultants and their affiliates to provide investment management and/or risk management services, creating possible conflicts of interest. Other Relationships with BlackRock Entities, Clients and Market Participants . The BlackRock Entities have developed, and will in the future develop, relationships with (or may invest in) a significant number of clients and other market participants (e.g., financial institutions, service providers, managers of investment funds, banks, brokers, advisors, joint venturers, consultants, finders (including executive finders), executives, attorneys, accountants, institutional investors, family offices, lenders, current and former employees, and current and former portfolio investment executives, as well as certain family members or close contacts of these persons), including those that may hold or may have held investments similar to the investments intended to be made by the Company, that may themselves represent appropriate investment opportunities for the Company, or that may compete with the Company for investment opportunities. Furthermore, the Advisor generally exercises its discretion to recommend to the Company or to an investment thereof that it contract for services with such clients and market participants, and/or with other BlackRock Entities. It is difficult to predict the circumstances under which these relationships could become material conflicts for the Company, but it is possible that as a result of such relationships (or agreements with other Client Accounts) the Advisor may refrain from making all or a portion of any investment or a disposition on behalf of the Company, which may materially adversely affect the performance of the Company. Certain of these persons or entities will invest (or will be affiliated with an investor) in, engage in transactions with and/or provide services (including services at reduced rates) to, the BlackRock Entities and/or Client Accounts and/or their affiliates. BlackRock expects to be subject to a potential conflict of interest with the Company in recommending the retention or continuation of a third-party service provider to such Company or a portfolio investment if such recommendation, for example, is motivated by a belief that the service provider or its affiliate(s) will continue to invest in the Company or one or more Client Accounts, will provide the BlackRock Entities information about markets and industries in which the BlackRock Entities operate (or are contemplating operations) or will provide other services that are beneficial to the BlackRock Entities, the Company or one or more Client Accounts. The Advisor expects to be subject to a potential conflict of interest in making such recommendations, in that Advisor has an incentive to maintain goodwill between it and clients and other market participants, while the products or services recommended may not necessarily be the best available or most cost effective to the Company or its investments. Legal Representation . The Company, as well as the Advisor and/or other BlackRock Entities, have engaged several counsels to represent them. In connection with such representation, counsel has relied upon certain information furnished to them by the Advisor and the BlackRock Entities, and has not investigated or verified the accuracy or completeness of such information. Such counsel s engagement is limited to the specific matters as to which they are consulted and, therefore, there may exist facts or circumstances that could have a bearing on the Company s or BlackRock s financial condition or operations with respect to which counsel has not been consulted and for which they expressly disclaim any responsibility. Counsel has not represented and will not be representing stockholders. No independent counsel has been retained (or is expected to be retained) to represent stockholders. No attorney-client relationship exists between any counsel and any stockholder solely by such stockholder making an investment in the Company. As a result, stockholders are urged to retain their own counsel. Resolution of Conflicts. Any conflicts of interest that arise between the Company or particular stockholders, on the one hand, and other Client Accounts or BlackRock Entities or affiliates thereof, on the other hand, will be discussed and resolved on a case-by-case basis by business, legal and compliance officers of the Advisor and its affiliates, as applicable. Any such discussions will take into consideration the interests of the relevant parties and the circumstances giving rise to the conflicts. Stockholders should be aware that conflicts will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the interests of the Company or any affected stockholder. There can be no assurance that any actual or potential conflicts of interest will not result in the Company receiving less favorable investment or other terms with respect to investments, transactions or services than if such conflicts of interest did not exist. Potential Impact on the Company . It is difficult to predict the circumstances under which one or more of the foregoing conflicts could become material, but it is possible that such relationships could require the Company to refrain from making all or a portion of any investment or a disposition in order for BlackRock to comply with its fiduciary duties, the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act or other applicable law. The Advisor may, under certain circumstances, seek to have conflicts or transactions involving conflicts approved in accordance with the governing agreements of the Company. Copies of Part 2A of the Advisor s Form ADV, which includes additional detail regarding conflicts of interest that are relevant to BlackRock s investment management business, are available at www.sec.gov and will be provided to current and prospective stockholders upon request. The foregoing list of potential and actual conflicts of interest does not purport to be a complete enumeration of the conflicts attendant to an investment in the Company. Additional conflicts may exist that are not presently known to the Advisor, BlackRock or their respective affiliates or are deemed immaterial. Prospective investors should consult with their independent advisors before deciding whether to invest in the Company. In addition, as the investment program of the Company develops and changes over time, an investment in the Company may be subject to additional and different actual and potential conflicts of interest. 

Our Advisor s liability is limited under the investment management agreement, and we are required to indemnify our Advisor against certain liabilities, which may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Our Advisor has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the investment management agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in declining to follow our Advisor s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the investment management agreement, our Advisor and its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other person or entity affiliated with it will not be liable to us for their acts under the investment management agreement, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties. We have agreed to indemnify, defend and protect our Advisor and its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other person or entity affiliated with it with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses resulting from acts of our Advisor not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties under the investment and management agreement. These protections may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 

of operating in such a competitive environment, we may make investments that are on better terms to our portfolio companies than what we may have originally anticipated, which may impact our return on these investments. 

or decline in market value due to adverse economic and business developments. The market values for lower grade debt tend to be very volatile and are less liquid than investment grade securities. For these reasons, your investment in our company is subject to the following specific risks: increased price sensitivity to a deteriorating economic environment; 

 greater risk of loss due to default or declining credit quality; 

 adverse company specific events are more likely to render the issuer unable to make interest and/or principal payments; and 

 if a negative perception of the lower grade debt market develops, the price and liquidity of lower grade securities may be depressed. This negative perception could last for a significant period of time. 

 Adverse changes in economic conditions are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of a lower grade issuer to make principal payments and interest payments than an investment grade issuer. The principal amount of lower grade securities outstanding has proliferated in the past decade as an increasing number of issuers have used lower grade securities for corporate financing. An economic downturn could severely affect the ability of highly leveraged issuers to service their debt obligations or to repay their obligations upon maturity. Similarly, downturns in profitability in specific industries could adversely affect the ability of lower grade issuers in that industry to meet their obligations. The market values of lower grade debt tend to reflect individual developments of the issuer to a greater extent than do higher quality investments, which react primarily to fluctuations in the general level of interest rates. Factors having an adverse impact on the market value of lower grade debt may have an adverse effect on our net asset value and the market value of our common stock. In addition, we may incur additional expenses to the extent we are required to seek recovery upon a default in payment of principal of or interest on our portfolio holdings. In certain circumstances, we may be required to foreclose on an issuer s assets and take possession of its property or operations. In such circumstances, we would incur additional costs in disposing of such assets and potential liabilities from operating any business acquired. The secondary market for lower grade debt is unlikely to be as liquid as the secondary market for more highly rated debt, a factor which may have an adverse effect on our ability to dispose of a particular instrument. There are fewer dealers in the market for lower grade securities than investment grade obligations. The prices quoted by different dealers may vary significantly and the spread between the bid and asked price is generally larger than for higher quality instruments. Under adverse market or economic conditions, the secondary market for lower grade debt could contract further, independent of any specific adverse changes in the condition of a particular issuer, and these instruments may become highly illiquid. As a result, we could find it more difficult to sell these instruments or may be able to sell the securities only at prices lower than if such instruments were widely traded. Prices realized upon the sale of such lower rated or unrated securities, under these circumstances, may be less than the prices used in calculating our net asset value. Since investors generally perceive that there are greater risks associated with lower grade debt of the type in which we may invest a portion of our assets, the yields and prices of such debt may tend to fluctuate more than those for higher rated instruments. In the lower quality segments of the fixed income markets, changes in perceptions of issuers creditworthiness tend to occur more frequently and in a more pronounced manner than do changes in higher quality segments of the income securities market, resulting in greater yield and price volatility. Distressed Debt Securities Risk . At times, distressed debt obligations may not produce income and may require us to bear certain extraordinary expenses (including legal, accounting, valuation and transaction expenses) in order to protect and recover our investment. Therefore, our ability to achieve current income for our stockholders may be diminished. We also will be subject to significant uncertainty as to when and in what manner and for what value the distressed debt we invest in will eventually be satisfied (e.g., through a liquidation of the obligor s assets, an exchange offer or plan of reorganization involving the distressed debt securities or a payment of some amount in satisfaction of the obligation). In addition, even if an exchange offer is made or plan of reorganization is adopted with respect to distressed debt we hold, there can be no assurance that the securities or other assets received by us in connection with such exchange offer or plan of reorganization will not have a lower value or income potential than may have been anticipated when the investment was made. Moreover, any securities received by us upon completion of an exchange offer or plan of reorganization may be restricted as to resale. As a result of our participation in negotiations with respect to any exchange offer or plan of reorganization with respect to an issuer of distressed debt, we may be restricted from disposing of such securities. Payment-in-kind Interest Risk . Our loans may contain a payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest provision. PIK investments carry additional risk as holders of these types of securities receive no cash until the cash payment date unless a portion of such securities is sold. If the issuer defaults the Company may obtain no return on its investment. The PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is added to the principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To avoid the imposition of corporate-level tax on us, this non-cash source of income needs to be paid out to stockholders in cash distributions or, in the event that we determine to do so and in certain cases, in shares of our common stock, even though we have not yet collected and may never collect the cash relating to the PIK interest. As a result, we may have to distribute a taxable stock dividend to account for PIK interest even though we have not yet collected the cash. Preferred Stock Risk . To the extent we invest in preferred securities, there are special risks, including: Deferral . Preferred securities may include provisions that permit the issuer, at its discretion, to defer distributions for a stated period without any adverse consequences to the issuer. If we own a preferred security that is deferring its distributions, we may be required to report income for tax purposes although we have not yet received such income. Subordination . Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company s capital structure in terms of priority to corporate income and liquidation payments, and therefore will be subject to greater credit risk than more senior debt instruments. Liquidity . Preferred securities may be substantially less liquid than many other securities, such as common stocks or U.S. Government securities. Limited Voting Rights. Generally, preferred security holders have no voting rights with respect to the issuing company unless preferred dividends have been in arrears for a specified number of periods, at which time the preferred security holders may elect a number of directors to the issuer s board. Generally, once all the arrearages have been paid, the preferred security holders no longer have voting rights. Equity Security Risk . We may have exposure to equity securities. Although equity securities have historically generated higher average total returns than fixed-income securities over the long term, equity securities also have experienced significantly more volatility in those returns. The equity securities that we acquire may fail to appreciate and may decline in value or become worthless. 
 
 generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. The Dodd-Frank Act has made broad changes to the OTC derivatives market, granted significant new authority to the CFTC and the SEC to regulate OTC derivatives (swaps and security-based swaps) and participants in these markets. The Dodd-Frank Act is intended to regulate the OTC derivatives market by requiring many derivative transactions to be cleared and traded on an exchange, expanding entity registration requirements, imposing business conduct requirements on dealers and requiring banks to move some derivatives trading units to a non-guaranteed affiliate separate from the deposit-taking bank or divest them altogether. The CFTC has implemented mandatory clearing and exchange-trading of certain OTC derivatives contracts including many standardized interest rate swaps and credit default index swaps. The CFTC continues to approve contracts for central clearing. Exchange-trading and central clearing are expected to reduce counterparty credit risk by substituting the clearinghouse as the counterparty to a swap and increase liquidity, but exchange-trading and central clearing do not make swap transactions risk-free. Uncleared swaps, such as non-deliverable foreign currency forwards, are subject to certain margin requirements that mandate the posting and collection of minimum margin amounts. This requirement may result in the portfolio and its counterparties posting higher margin amounts for uncleared swaps than would otherwise be the case. Certain rules require centralized reporting of detailed information about many types of cleared and uncleared swaps. Reporting of swap data may result in greater market transparency, but may subject a portfolio to additional administrative burdens, and the safeguards established to protect trader anonymity may not function as expected. Future CFTC or SEC rulemakings to implement the Dodd-Frank Act requirements could potentially limit or completely restrict our ability to use these instruments as a part of our investment strategy, increase the costs of using these instruments or make them less effective. Limits or restrictions applicable to the counterparties with which we engage in derivative transactions could also prevent us from using these instruments or affect the pricing or other factors relating to these instruments, or may change availability of certain investments. In addition, on October 28, 2020, the SEC adopted new regulations governing the use of derivatives by closed-end funds Rule 18f-4 ), which the Company was required to comply with as of August 19, 2022. As a result, the Company is required to implement and comply with the Rule 18f-4 limits on the amount of derivatives the Company can enter into, eliminate the asset segregation framework previously used to comply with Section 18 of the 1940 Act, treat derivatives as senior securities so that a failure to comply with the limits would result in a statutory violation and require the Company, if the Company s use of derivatives is more than a limited specified exposure amount (10 of net assets), to establish and maintain a comprehensive derivatives risk management program and appoint a derivatives risk manager. The success of our hedging transactions will depend on our ability to correctly predict movements and interest rates. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings or debt arrangements being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. 
 
 board of directors. The Valuation Designee utilizes the services of an independent valuation firm, which prepares valuation reports on a quarterly basis for most of our portfolio investments that are not publicly traded or for which we do not have readily available market quotations, including securities that while listed on a private securities exchange, have not actively traded. However, the Valuation Designee retains ultimate authority as to the appropriate valuation of each such investment. The types of factors that the Valuation Designee takes into account in approving fair value with respect to such non-traded investments includes, as relevant and, to the extent available, the portfolio company s earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to valuations of publicly traded companies, comparisons to recent sales of comparable companies, the discounted value of the cash flows of the portfolio company and other relevant factors. This information may not be available because it is difficult to obtain financial and other information with respect to private companies, and even where we are able to obtain such information, there can be no assurance that it is complete or accurate. Because such valuations are inherently uncertain and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would be assessed if a readily available market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations with respect to any non-traded investments we hold may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize on one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing our securities based on an overstated net asset value may pay a higher price than the value of our investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling securities based on a net asset value that understates the value of our investments may receive a lower price for their securities than the value of our investments might warrant. 

sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements, including agreements governing first out and last out structures, that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under such an intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be in good faith under the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; the approval of amendments to collateral documents; releases of liens on the collateral; and waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. When we are a debt or minority equity investor in a portfolio company, we are often not in a position to exert influence on the entity, and other equity holders and management of the company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our portfolio holdings. When we make debt or minority equity investments, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree and the other equity holders and management of such company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our investment. We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 

case of some of these loans, having the loan prepaid early may reduce the achievable yield for the Company in the future below the current yield disclosed for our portfolio if the capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 

Although it is anticipated that most of our investments will be denominated in U.S. dollars, our investments that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency may change in relation to the U.S. dollar. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we can offer no assurance that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk or, that if we do, such strategies will be effective. As a result, a change in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our profitability. 

Additional Common Stock . Our Board of Directors may decide to issue common stock to finance our operations rather than issuing debt or other senior securities. As a BDC, we are generally not able to issue our common stock at a price below net asset value, or issue securities convertible into common stock, without first obtaining the required approvals from our stockholders and our independent directors. If our common stock trades at a discount to net asset value, those restrictions could adversely affect our ability to raise equity capital. Except in connection with the exercise of warrants or the conversion of convertible securities, in any such case the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price, that in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities at the relevant time. We may also make rights offerings to our stockholders. If we raise additional capital by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, the percentage ownership of our common stockholders at that time would decrease, and our common stockholders may experience dilution. 

To qualify as a RIC under the Code, we generally must meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and annual distribution requirements. The annual distribution requirement for a RIC will generally be satisfied if we distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and net short-term capital gain in excess of net long-term capital loss, if any, to our stockholders. Since we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements and other financial covenants under the terms of the Leverage Program, and we are, in some circumstances, also subject to similar requirements under the 1940 Act. The requirements could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to corporate-level income tax. To qualify as a RIC, we generally must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. Failure to meet these tests may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because we anticipate that most of our investments will be in private companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and become subject to corporate-level income tax, the resulting corporate-level income taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. 

Cyber-security failures or breaches by the Advisor, any sub-adviser(s) and other service providers (including, but not limited to, accountants, custodians, transfer agents and administrators), and the issuers of securities in which we invest, have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, interference with our ability to calculate our net asset value, impediments to trading, the inability of our stockholders to transact business, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, or additional compliance costs. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. While we have established a business continuity plan in the event of, and risk management systems to prevent, such cyberattacks, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems including the possibility that certain risks have not been identified. Furthermore, we cannot control the cyber security plans and systems put in place by our service providers and issuers in which we invest. We and our stockholders could be negatively impacted as a result. 

leverage to the holders of our common stock would be reduced. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock were to exceed the net rate of return on our portfolio, the leverage would result in a lower rate of return to the holders of our common stock than if we had not issued preferred stock. Any decline in the net asset value of our investment would be borne entirely by the holders of our common stock. Therefore, if the market value of our portfolio were to decline, the leverage would result in a greater decrease in net asset value to the holders of our common stock than if we were not leveraged through the issuance of preferred stock. This greater net asset value decrease would also tend to cause a greater decline in the market price of our common stock. We might be in danger of failing to maintain the required asset coverage of the preferred stock or of losing our ratings on the preferred stock or, in an extreme case, our current investment income might not be sufficient to meet the dividend requirements on the preferred stock. In order to counteract such an event, we might need to liquidate investments in order to fund a redemption of some or all of the preferred stock. In addition, we would pay (and the holders of our common stock would bear) all costs and expenses relating to the issuance and ongoing maintenance of the preferred stock, including higher Incentive Fees if our total return exceeds the dividend rate on the preferred stock. Holders of preferred stock may have different interests than holders of common stock and may at times have disproportionate influence over our affairs. 

in net asset value is not predictable because it is not known at this time what the subscription price and net asset value per share will be on the expiration date of a rights offering or what proportion of the shares will be purchased as a result of such rights offering. Such dilution could be substantial. 

Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our executive offices are located at 2951 28 th Street Suite 1000, Santa Monica, CA 90405, and are provided by the Advisor in accordance with the terms of the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We and the Advisor are not currently subject to any material pending or threatened legal proceedings against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business including the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock historically has traded at prices both above and below its net asset value. There can be no assurance, however, that such premium or discount ranges, as applicable, to net asset value will be maintained. 

Premium/ (Discount) 
 
 Premium/ (Discount) 

Stock Price 

of High Sales Price 
 
 of Low Sales Price 

NAV (1) 

High (2) 

Low (2) 

to NAV (3) 
 
 to NAV (3) 
 
 Declared Distributions 

Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 

0.30 

Second Quarter 

0.30 

Third Quarter 

0.30 

Fourth Quarter 

0.37 

Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 

0.30 

Second Quarter 

0.30 

Third Quarter 

0.30 

Fourth Quarter 

0.30 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

Distributions 
 Our quarterly dividends and distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date and are determined by our board of directors. Distributions are declared considering our estimate of annual taxable income available for distribution to stockholders and the amount of taxable income carried over from the prior year for distribution in the current year. We do not have a policy to pay distributions at a specific level and expect to continue to distribute substantially all of our taxable income. Changes in investment results or focus, expense levels and other factors may have an effect on the amount of distributions we pay in the future. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions or distributions at a particular level. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s dividends declared and paid for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Type 
 
 Amount Per Share 

Total Amount 

February 24, 2022 
 
 March 17, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

May 4, 2022 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

August 3, 2022 
 
 September 16, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

November 3, 2022 
 
 December 16, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.32 

18,485,525 

December 15, 2022 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 
 January 12, 2023 
 
 Special 

0.05 

2,888,363 

1.27 

73,364,425 

69 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s dividends declared and paid for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Type 
 
 Amount Per Share 

Total Amount 

February 25, 2021 
 
 March 17, 2021 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

May 5, 2021 
 
 June 16, 2021 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

August 2, 2021 
 
 September 16, 2021 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

November 3, 2021 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

1.20 

69,320,716 

Tax characteristics of all dividends are reported to stockholders on Form 1099-DIV or Form 1042-S after the end of the calendar year. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to maintain favorable RIC tax treatment, we must distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally available for distribution. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: 
 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; 

98.2 of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and 

certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 

We may, at our discretion, carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year distributions and pay a 4 excise tax on this income. If we choose to do so, all other things being equal, this would increase expenses and reduce the amounts available to be distributed to our stockholders. We will accrue excise tax on estimated taxable income as required. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make dividends and distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these dividends and distributions from time to time. Also, we may be limited in our ability to make dividends and distributions due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in our existing and future credit facilities. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of favorable RIC tax treatment. In addition, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to obtain tax benefits as a RIC and may be subject to an excise tax. 
 In order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs, we have the ability to declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of our common stock instead of in cash. As long as a portion of such dividend is paid in cash (which portion can be as low as 10 for dividends paid with respect to any taxable year) and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution would be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 70 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG BLACKROCK TCP CAPITAL CORP., S P 500 TOTAL RETURN INDEX AND WELLS FARGO BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY INDEX 
 Total Return Performance 

NOTES: Assumes 100 invested April 4, 2012 in BlackRock TCP Capital Corp., the S P 500 Total Return Index, the S P LSTA Leveraged Loan Index and the S P Business Development Company Index. Assumes all dividends are reinvested on the respective dividend payment dates without commissions. 

(1) 

Offering Expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

(2) 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan Fees 

(3) 

Total Stockholder Transaction Expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

Annual Expenses (as a Percentage of Net Assets Attributable to Common Stock)(4) 

Base Management Fees 

(5) 

Incentive Compensation Payable Under the Investment Management Agreement 

(6) 

Interest Payments on Borrowed Funds 

(7) 

Other Expenses 

(8) 

Total Annual Expenses 

(2) . 

(7) 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5 annual return resulting entirely from net realized capital gains(2) 

112 

274 

423 

746 

(1) All incentive compensation (on both net investment income and net realized gains) is subject to a total return hurdle of 7 . Consequently, no incentive compensation would be incurred in this scenario. 

 (2) All incentive compensation (on both net investment income and net realized gains) is subject to a total return hurdle of 7 . Consequently, no incentive compensation would be incurred in this scenario. Assumes no unrealized capital depreciation. 

 While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . There is no incentive compensation either on income or on capital gains under our investment management agreement assuming a 5 annual return and therefore it is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive compensation of a material amount, our distributions to our common stockholders and our expenses would likely be higher. In addition, the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at net asset value. 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 73 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Some of the statements in this report (including in the following discussion) constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (the Company, we, us or our ), formerly known as TCP Capital Corp. The forward-looking statements contained in this report involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including statements concerning: 
 our, or our portfolio companies , future business, operations, operating results or prospects; 

the return or impact of current and future investments; 

the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on our business; 

the impact of changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the financial condition of and ability of our current and prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our expected financings and investments; 

the adequacy of our financing resources and working capital; 

the ability of our investment advisor to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions; and 

the phase-out of LIBOR and the use of replacement rates for LIBOR. 

The consequences of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including international sanctions, the potential impact on inflation and increased disruption to supply chains; and 

our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company. 

We use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, intend, will, should, could, may, plan and similar words to identify forward-looking statements. The forward looking statements contained in this quarterly report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth as Risk Factors in this report. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 74 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Overv iew 
 The Company is a Delaware corporation formed on April 2, 2012 and is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. The Company was formed through the conversion of a pre-existing closed-end investment company. The Company elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Our investment objective is to seek to achieve high total returns through current income and capital appreciation, with an emphasis on principal protection. We invest primarily in the debt of middle-market companies as well as small businesses, including senior secured loans, junior loans, mezzanine debt and bonds. Such investments may include an equity component, and, to a lesser extent, we may make equity investments directly. Certain investment operations are conducted through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Special Value Continuation Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SVCP ), TCPC Funding I, LLC TCPC Funding ), TCPC Funding II, LLC TCPC Funding II and TCPC SBIC, LP (the SBIC ). SVCP was organized as a limited partnership and had elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act through July 31, 2018. On August 1, 2018, SVCP withdrew its election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and withdrew the registration of its common limited partner interests under Section 12(g) of the 1934 Act and, on August 2, 2018, terminated its general partner, Series H of SVOF/MM, LLC, and converted to a Delaware limited liability company. Series H of SVOF/MM, LLC SVOF/MM serves as the administrator (the Administrator of the Company. The managing member of SVOF/MM is Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC (the Advisor ), which serves as the investment manager to the Company, TCPC Funding, TCPC Funding II and the SBIC. On August 1, 2018, the Advisor merged with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of BlackRock Capital Investment Advisors, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. with the Advisor as the surviving entity. The SBIC was organized as a Delaware limited partnership in June 2013. On April 22, 2014, the SBIC received a license from the United States Small Business Administration (the SBA to operate as a small business investment company under the provisions of Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. 
 The Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a RIC, the Company will not be taxed on its income to the extent that it distributes such income each year and satisfies other applicable income tax requirements. TCPC Funding, TCPC Funding II and the SBIC have elected to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. SVCP was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes through August 1, 2018 and upon its conversion to a limited liability company on August 2, 2018, and thereafter is and will be treated as a disregarded entity. 
 Our leverage program is comprised of 300.0 million in available debt under a revolving, multi-currency credit facility issued by SVCP (the Operating Facility ), 200.0 million in available debt under a senior secured revolving credit facility issued by TCPC Funding II Funding Facility II ), 250.0 million in senior unsecured notes issued by the Company maturing in 2024 (the 2024 Notes ), 325.0 million in senior unsecured notes issued by the Company maturing in 2026 (the 2026 Notes and 160.0 million in committed leverage from the SBA (the SBA Program and, together with the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II, the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, the Leverage Program ). Prior to being repaid on March 1, 2022, debt included 140.0 million in Convertible unsecured notes due March 2022 issued by the Company (the 2022 Convertible Notes ). Prior to being repaid on September 17, 2021, debt included 175.0 million in unsecured notes due August 2022 issued by the Company (the 2022 Notes ). Prior to being replaced by Funding Facility II on August 4, 2020, leverage included 300.0 million in available debt under a senior secured revolving credit facility issued by TCPC Funding Funding Facility I ). 
 To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our stockholders generally at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for each year. Pursuant to this election, we generally will not have to pay corporate level taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders provided that we satisfy those requirements. 
 Investments 
 Our level of investment activity can and does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities and indebtedness of private U.S. companies, public U.S. operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, public domestic operating companies having a market capitalization of less than 250.0 million, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. We are also permitted to make certain follow-on investments in companies that were eligible portfolio companies at the time of initial investment but that no longer meet the definition. As of December 31, 2022, 84.3 of our total assets were invested in qualifying assets. 
 75 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues primarily in the form of interest on the debt we hold. We also generate revenue from dividends on our equity interests, capital gains on the disposition of investments, and certain lease, fee, and other income. Our investments in fixed income instruments generally have an expected maturity of three to five years, although we have no lower or upper constraint on maturity. Interest on our debt investments is generally payable quarterly or semi-annually. Payments of principal of our debt investments may be amortized over the stated term of the investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments and preferred stock investments may defer payments of cash interest or dividends or PIK. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of prepayment fees, commitment, origination, structuring or due diligence fees, end-of-term or exit fees, fees for providing significant managerial assistance, consulting fees and other investment related income. 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of a base management fee and, depending on our operating results, incentive compensation, expenses reimbursable under the management agreement, administration fees and the allocable portion of overhead under the administration agreement. The base management fee and incentive compensation remunerates the Advisor for work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. Our administration agreement with the Administrator provides that the Administrator may be reimbursed for costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator for office space rental, office equipment and utilities allocable to us under the administration agreement, as well as any costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator or its affiliates relating to any non-investment advisory, administrative or operating services provided by the Administrator or its affiliates to us. We also bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions (and the Company s common stockholders indirectly bear all of the costs and expenses of the Company, SVCP, TCPC Funding and the SBIC), which may include those relating to: 
 our organization; 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firms); 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

costs of future offerings of our common stock and other securities, if any; 

the base management fee and any incentive compensation; 

dividends and distributions on our preferred shares, if any, and common shares; 

administration fees payable under the administration agreement; 

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

registration fees; 

listing fees; 

taxes; 

director fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders, including printing costs; 

our fidelity bond; 

directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

indemnification payments; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including audit and legal costs; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us and the Administrator in connection with administering our business, such as the allocable portion of overhead under the administration agreement, including rent and other allocable portions of the cost of certain of our officers and their respective staffs. 

76 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 The investment management agreement provides that the base management fee be calculated at an annual rate of 1.5 of our total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) payable quarterly in arrears; provided, however, that, effective as of February 9, 2019, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.0 of our total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) that exceed an amount equal to 200 of the net asset value of the Company. For purposes of calculating the base management fee, total assets is determined without deduction for any borrowings or other liabilities. The base management fee is calculated based on the value of our total assets and net asset value (excluding cash and cash equivalents) at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. 
 Additionally, the investment management agreement provides that the Advisor or its affiliates may be entitled to incentive compensation under certain circumstances. According to the terms of such agreement, no incentive compensation was incurred prior to January 1, 2013. Under the current investment management agreement, dated February 9, 2019, the incentive compensation equals the sum of (1) 20 of all ordinary income since January 1, 2013 through February 8, 2019 and 17.5 thereafter and (2) 20 of all net realized capital gains (net of any net unrealized capital depreciation) since January 1, 2013 through February 8, 2019 and 17.5 thereafter, less ordinary income incentive compensation and capital gains incentive compensation previously paid. However, incentive compensation will only be paid to the extent the cumulative total return of the Company after incentive compensation and including such payment would equal or exceed a 7 annual return on daily weighted-average contributed common equity. The determination of incentive compensation is subject to limitations under the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act. 
 Through December 31, 2017, the incentive compensation was an equity allocation to SVCP s general partner under the LPA. Effective as of January 1, 2018, the LPA was amended to remove the incentive compensation distribution provisions therein, and the incentive compensation became payable as a fee to the Advisor pursuant to the then-existing investment management agreements. The amendment had no impact on the amount of the incentive compensation paid or services received by the Company. 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the financial statements. In addition to the discussion below, our critical accounting policies are further described in the notes to our financial statements. 
 Valuation of portfolio investments 
 Pursuant to Rule 2a-5 (the Rule under the 1940 Act, the Board of Directors designated the Advisor as the Company s valuation designee (the Valuation Designee to perform certain fair value functions, including performing fair value determinations and has approved policies and procedures adopted by the Advisor to seek to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Rules. 
 We value our portfolio investments at fair value based upon the principles and methods of valuation set forth in policies and procedures reviewed and approved by a committee established by the Valuation Designee (the Valuation Committee). Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal (or most advantageous) market for the asset that (i) are independent of us, (ii) are knowledgeable, having a reasonable understanding about the asset based on all available information (including information that might be obtained through due diligence efforts that are usual and customary), (iii) are able to transact for the asset, and (iv) are willing to transact for the asset or liability (that is, they are motivated but not forced or otherwise compelled to do so). 
 77 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued at such market quotations unless the quotations are deemed not to represent fair value. We generally obtain market quotations from recognized exchanges, market quotation systems, independent pricing services or one or more broker-dealers or market makers. However, short term debt investments with original maturities of generally three months or less are valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. Debt and equity securities for which market quotations are not readily available, which is the case for many of our investments, or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, are valued at fair value using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with our documented valuation policies and procedures reviewed and approved by the Valuation Committee. The policies were adopted by the Valuation Designee and approved by the Board. Due to the inherent uncertainty and subjectivity of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events may have differing impacts on the market quotations used to value some of our investments than on the fair values of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available. Market quotations may be deemed not to represent fair value in certain circumstances where we believe that facts and circumstances applicable to an issuer, a seller or purchaser, or the market for a particular security cause current market quotations to not reflect the fair value of the security. Examples of these events could include cases where a security trades infrequently causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become stale, where there is a forced sale by a distressed seller, where market quotations vary substantially among market makers, or where there is a wide bid-ask spread or significant increase in the bid-ask spread. 
 The valuation process adopted by the Valuation Designee with respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value is as follows: 
 The investment professionals of the Valuation Designee provide recent portfolio company financial statements and other reporting materials to independent valuation firms approved by the Valuation Committee. 

Such firms evaluate this information along with relevant observable market data to conduct independent appraisals each quarter, and their preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with senior management of the Valuation Designee. 

The fair value of smaller investments comprising in the aggregate less than 5 of our total capitalization may be determined by the Valuation Designee in good faith in accordance with our valuation policy without the employment of an independent valuation firm. 

The Valuation Designee determines the fair value of the remainder of investments in our portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Valuation Committee and the respective independent valuation firms. 

Those investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value are valued utilizing one or more methodologies, including the market approach, the income approach, or in the case of recent investments, the cost approach, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that the Valuation Designee may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments include, as relevant and among other factors: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparable, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, merger and acquisition comparable, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values. 
 When valuing all of our investments, we strive to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 
 78 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Our investments may be categorized based on the types of inputs used in their valuation. The level in the GAAP valuation hierarchy in which an investment falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation of the investment in its entirety. Investments are classified by GAAP into the three broad levels as follows: 
 Level 1 Investments valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 Level 2 Investments valued using other unadjusted observable market inputs, e.g. quoted prices in markets that are not active or quotes for comparable instruments. 
 Level 3 Investments that are valued using quotes and other observable market data to the extent available, but which also take into consideration one or more unobservable inputs that are significant to the valuation taken as a whole. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 0.1 of our investments were categorized as Level 1, 5.7 were categorized as Level 2, 94.0 were Level 3 investments valued based on valuations by independent third-party sources, and 0.2 were Level 3 investments valued based on valuations by the Valuation Designee. 
 As of December 31, 2021, 0.1 of our investments were categorized as Level 1, 6.4 were categorized as Level 2, 93.2 were Level 3 investments valued based on valuations by independent third-party sources, and 0.3 were Level 3 investments valued based on valuations by the Valuation Designee. 
 Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on the financial statements. 
 Revenue recognition 
 Interest and dividend income, including income paid in kind, is recorded on an accrual basis, when such amounts are considered collectible. Origination, structuring, closing, commitment and other upfront fees, including original issue discounts, earned with respect to capital commitments are generally amortized or accreted into interest income over the life of the respective debt investment, as are end-of-term or exit fees receivable upon repayment of a debt investment. Other fees, including certain amendment fees, prepayment fees and commitment fees on broken deals, are recognized as earned. Prepayment fees and similar income due upon the early repayment of a loan or debt security are recognized when earned and are included in interest income. 
 Certain of our debt investments are purchased at a discount to par as a result of the underlying credit risks and financial results of the issuer, as well as general market factors that influence the financial markets as a whole. Discounts on the acquisition of corporate bonds are generally amortized using the effective-interest or constant-yield method assuming there are no questions as to collectability. When principal payments on a loan are received in an amount in excess of the loan s amortized cost, the excess principal payments are recorded as interest income. 
 Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation 
 We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. Realized gains and losses are computed using the specific identification method. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. 
 Portfolio and investment activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested approximately 338.3 million, comprised of new investments in 35 new and 15 existing portfolio companies, as well as draws made on existing commitments and PIK received on prior investments. Of these investments, 323.0 million, or 95.5 of total acquisitions, were in senior secured loans, 8.8 million, or 2.6 of total acquisitions, were in senior secured notes, and 0.7 million, or 0.2 of total acquisitions, were in unsecured debt securities. The remaining 5.8 million (1.7 of total acquisitions) was comprised of equity investments, including 1.8 million in equity interest in a portfolio of lease assets. Additionally, we received approximately 481.5 million in proceeds from sales or repayments of investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 79 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we invested approximately 757.1 million, comprised of new investments in 43 new and 26 existing portfolio companies, as well as draws made on existing commitments and PIK received on prior investments. Of these investments, 719.1 million, or 95.0 of total acquisitions, were in senior secured loans, 5.8 million, or 0.7 of total acquisitions, were in senior secured notes, and 6.5 million, or 0.9 of total acquisitions, were in unsecured debt securities. The remaining 25.7 million (3.4 of total acquisitions) was comprised of equity investments, including 13.3 million in equity interest in a portfolio of lease assets. Additionally, we received approximately 622.6 million in proceeds from sales or repayments of investments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio of 1,609.6 million (at fair value) consisted of 136 portfolio companies and was invested 88.2 in debt investments, primarily in senior secured debt. In aggregate, our investment portfolio was invested 83.9 in senior secured loans, 4.3 in senior secured notes and 11.8 in equity investments. Our average portfolio company investment at fair value was approximately 11.8 million. Our largest portfolio company investment by value was approximately 6.6 of our portfolio and our five largest portfolio company investments by value comprised approximately 20.1 of our portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio of 1,841.1 million (at fair value) consisted of 115 portfolio companies and was invested 88.8 in debt investments, primarily in senior secured debt. In aggregate, our investment portfolio was invested 85.1 in senior secured loans, 3.5 in senior secured notes, 0.2 in junior notes and 11.2 in equity investments. Our average portfolio company investment at fair value was approximately 16.0 million. Our largest portfolio company investment by value was approximately 4.1 of our portfolio and our five largest portfolio company investments by value comprised approximately 17.3 of our portfolio at December 31, 2021. 
 The industry composition of our portfolio at fair value at December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Industry 
 
 Percent of Total Investments 

Internet Software and Services 

14.9 

Diversified Financial Services 

12.4 

Diversified Consumer Services 

12.2 

Software 

11.5 

Professional Services 

7.5 

Health Care Technology 

4.5 

Media 

3.8 

Capital Markets 

3.0 

Construction and Engineering 

2.7 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

2.5 

Road and Rail 

2.5 

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

2.4 

Automobiles 

2.2 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

1.9 

IT Services 

1.9 

Specialty Retail 

1.5 

Paper and Forest Products 

1.2 

Insurance 

1.2 

Diversified Telecommunication Services 

1.1 

Trading Companies Distributors 

1.0 

Other 

8.1 

Total 

100.0 

The weighted average effective yield of our debt portfolio was 12.7 at December 31, 2022 and 9.2 at December 31, 2021. The weighted average effective yield of our total portfolio was 11.9 at December 31, 2022 and 8.7 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 93.6 of debt investments in our portfolio bore interest based on floating rates, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate, and 6.4 bore interest at fixed rates. The percentage of floating rate debt investments in our portfolio that were subject to an interest rate floor was 94.9 at December 31, 2022. Debt investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022, representing 2.0 of the portfolio at fair value and 4.2 at cost. At December 31, 2021, 94.9 of debt investments in our portfolio bore interest based on floating rates, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate, and 5.1 bore interest at fixed rates. The percentage of floating rate debt investments in our portfolio that were subject to an interest rate floor was 92.3 at December 31, 2021. Debt investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2021, representing 0.9 of the portfolio at fair value and 1.7 at cost. 
 80 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Results of operations 
 Investment income 
 Investment income totaled 181.0 million, 165.1 million and 172.1 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, of which 172.8 million, 155.7 million and 161.7 million were attributable to interest and fees on our debt investments, 7.2 million, 7.8 million and 2.5 million to dividend income and 1.0 million, 1.6 million and 7.9 million to other income, respectively. Included in interest and fees on our debt investments were 8.3 million, 7.0 million and 8.4 million of non-recurring income related to prepayments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in other income were 0.5 million, 0.0 million and 4.5 million in amendment fees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflects an increase in interest income due to the rise in LIBOR/SOFR rates, partially offset by the lower other income received during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in investment income for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily reflects a decrease in interest income due to the decline in LIBOR rates and the lower other income received, partially offset by the higher dividend income during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Expenses 
 Total operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 92.6 million 92.6 million and 88.9 million, respectively, comprised of 39.4 million, 41.0 million and 41.2 million in interest expense and related fees, 26.2 million, 25.7 million and 23.8 million in base management fees, 18.8 million, 17.7 million and 15.3 million in incentive fee expense, 1.8 million, 1.9 million and 2.2 million in administrative expenses, 1.8 million, 1.7 million and 1.8 million in professional fees, and 4.6 million, 4.6 million and 4.5 million in other expenses, respectively. The expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022 were in line with the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 reflects the higher base management fees and incentive fee expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net investment income 
 Net investment income was 88.4 million, 72.5 million and 83.2 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The increase in net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflects the increase in total investment income in the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily reflects the decrease in total investment income and increase in expenses in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net realized and unrealized gain or loss 
 Net realized gain (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was (18.2) million, 4.3 million and (5.5) million, respectively. Net realized losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was comprised primarily of a 13.8 million loss from reorganization of our investment in Fishbowl, a 13.3 million loss from the restructuring of our investment in Avanti, partially offset by a 11.2 million gain from the exit of our debt investment in CORE Entertainment. Net realized gains for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflect a 8.8 million gain from the dispositon of our One Sky equity position and a 6.5 million gain on the partial sale of our equity investment in Edmentum, partially offset by a 7.1 million loss from the disposition of our debt investment in GlassPoint and a 5.5 million loss from the sale of a portion of our investment in Credit Suisse AG. Net realized loss for the year ended December 31, 2020 was comprised primarily of a 15.6 million loss from the restructuring of AGY and a 2.4 million loss on the disposition of our investment in V Telecom, partially offset by the 9.3 million gain from the disposition of a portion of our investment in Edmentum and a 4.9 million gain on the disposition of our investment in STG-Fairway (First Advantage), exclusive of prepayment income earned. Our loans to AGY generated significant interest income prior to the restructuring. 
 81 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) was (79.4) million, 63.2 million and (3.9) million, respectively. The change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflects 34.3 million in unrealized losses from Autoalert, 14.9 million reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains from the disposition of our investment in CORE Entertainment, 11.1 million of unrealized losses on Edmentum, as well as unrealized losses across the portfolio from widening market spreads, offset by 20.9 million in unrealized gains on our investment in 36th Street Capital, 13.9 million reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses from the restructuring of our investment in Fishbowl and 12.3 million reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses from the restructuring of our investment in Avanti. The change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by 45.0 million in unrealized gains on our investment in Edmentum, 9.8 million in unrealized gains on CORE Entertainment, 6.8 million in unrealized gains on our investment in Razor and a 7.0 million reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses from the sale of Credit Suisse AG, partially offset by a 11.1 million reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on One Sky and 9.1 million in reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on Amteck. The change in net unrealized appreciation(depreciation) for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily driven by net spread widening and volatility across our portfolio related to the market impact of COVID-19 including a 9.2 million unrealized loss on Fishbowl, a 6.7 million unrealized loss on our investment in Credit Suisse notes and a 5.5 million loss on GlassPoint Solar, partially offset by a gain of 8.9 million on our investment in Amteck, 8.7 million on our investment in Avanti, 5.9 million on our investment in Domo and a gain of 5.0 million on our investment in One Sky. 
 Incentive compensation 
 Incentive fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2022 and 2020 were 18.8 million, 17.7 million and 15.3 million, respectively, and were payable due to our performance exceeding the cumulative total return threshold. Because our incentive compensation is computed on a cumulative basis, the incentive compensation for any period may include amounts not earned in prior periods (due to our cumulative total return falling below the total return hurdle in such period), but subsequently earned when our cumulative total return again exceeds the total return hurdle (such amount, a Catchup Amount ). Due to portfolio volatility related to the market impact of COVID-19, 3.9 million of incentive fees related to net investment income for the first quarter of 2020 were deferred (the First Quarter 2020 Catchup Amount and subsequently earned when our performance again exceeded the cumulative total return hurdle during the second quarter of 2020. However, rather than receiving all incentive compensation earned as of June 30, 2020, the Advisor voluntarily deferred 5/6 of the First Quarter Catchup Amount to subsequent quarters such that 1/6 of the First Quarter Catchup Amount would be paid in each subsequent quarter to the extent that the Company s cumulative performance exceeds the cumulative total return hurdle in such quarter. Accordingly, incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 1.9 million (3/6) of the First Quarter 2020 Catchup Amount. 
 Income tax expense, including excise tax 
 The Company has elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and operates in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To qualify as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, timely distribute to its stockholders generally at least 90 of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. The Company has made and intends to continue to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will generally relieve the Company from U.S. federal income taxes. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions from such current year taxable income into the next tax year and pay a 4 excise tax on such income. Any excise tax expense is recorded at year end as such amounts are known. No excise tax was incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 The net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shareholders resulting from operations was (9.2) million, 133.8 million and 71.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The lower net increase in net assets resulting from operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the higher realized and unrealized losses compared to the net realized and unrealized gains, partially offset by higher net investment income compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher net increase in net assets resulting from operations during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the net realized and unrealized gains compared to the net realized and unrealized losses during the year ended December 31, 2020, partially offset by the 6.2 million realized loss on the extinguishment of the 2022 Notes. 
 82 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Since our inception, our liquidity and capital resources have been generated primarily through the initial private placement of common shares of Special Value Continuation Fund, LLC (the predecessor entity) which were subsequently converted to common stock of the Company, the net proceeds from the initial and secondary public offerings of our common stock, amounts outstanding under our Leverage Program, and cash flows from operations, including investments sales and repayments and income earned from investments and cash equivalents. The primary uses of cash have been investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to our equity holders, payments to service our Leverage Program and other general corporate purposes. 
 Prior to its discontinuance effective July 7, 2020, we had offered an opt in dividend reinvestment plan to our common stockholders, pursuant to which the dividends payable to those shareholders who so elected would be reinvested in shares of common stock. 
 On February 24, 2015, the Company s board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan (the Company Repurchase Plan to acquire up to 50.0 million in the aggregate of the Company s common stock at prices at certain thresholds below the Company s net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the 1934 Act. The Company Repurchase Plan is designed to allow the Company to repurchase its common stock at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws. The Company Repurchase Plan requires an agent selected by the Company to repurchase shares of common stock on the Company s behalf if and when the market price per share is at certain thresholds below the most recently reported net asset value per share. Under the plan, the agent will increase the volume of purchases made if the price of the Company s common stock declines, subject to volume restrictions. The timing and amount of any stock repurchased depends on the terms and conditions of the Company Repurchase Plan, the market price of the common stock and trading volumes, and no assurance can be given that any particular amount of common stock will be repurchased. The Company Repurchase Plan was re-approved on October 27, 2022, to be in effect through the earlier of two trading days after our fourth quarter 2022 earnings release, unless further extended or terminated by our board of directors, or such time as the approved 50.0 million repurchase amount has been fully utilized, subject to certain conditions. No shares were repurchased by the Company under the Company Repurchase plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Total leverage outstanding and available under the combined Leverage Program at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Maturity 
 
 Rate 

Carrying Value (1) 

Available 

Total Capacity 

Operating Facility 
 
 2026 
 
 L+1.75 
 (2) 

123,889,980 

176,110,020 

300,000,000 
 
 (3) 

Funding Facility II 
 
 2025 
 
 L+2.00 
 (4) 

100,000,000 

100,000,000 

200,000,000 
 
 (5) 

SBA Debentures 
 
 2024 2031 
 
 2.52 
 (6) 

150,000,000 

10,000,000 

160,000,000 

2024 Notes 250 million par) 
 
 2024 
 
 3.900 

248,997,527 

248,997,527 

2026 Notes 325 million par) 
 
 2026 
 
 2.850 

326,174,734 

326,174,734 

Total leverage 

949,062,241 

286,110,020 

1,235,172,261 

Unamortized issuance costs 

(5,056,427) 

Debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 

944,005,814 

(1) Except for the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, all carrying values are the same as the principal amounts outstanding. 

(2) As of December 31, 2022, 7.9 million of the outstanding amount bore interest at a rate of EURIBOR + 2.00 and 16.0 million of the outstanding amount bore interest at a rate of Prime + 1.00 . 

(3) Operating Facility includes a 100.0 million accordion which allows for expansion of the facility to up to 400.0 million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 

(4) Subject to certain funding requirements 

(5) Funding Facility II includes a 50.0 million accordion which allows for expansion of the facility to up to 250.0 million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 

(6) Weighted-average interest rate, excluding fees of 0.35 or 0.36 . 

Under Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, prior to March 23, 2018, a BDC was generally not permitted to issue senior securities unless after giving effect thereto the BDC met a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to total senior securities, which includes all borrowings of the BDC, of at least 200 . On March 23, 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act SBCAA was signed into law, which among other things, amended Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act to add a new Section 61(a)(2) that reduces the asset coverage requirement applicable to BDCs from 200 to 150 so long as the BDC meets certain disclosure requirements and obtains certain approvals. The reduced asset coverage requirement would permit a BDC to have a ratio of total outstanding indebtedness to equity of 2:1 as compared to a maximum of 1:1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement. 
 83 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Effective November 7, 2018, the Company s board of directors, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our board of directors, approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCAA (the Asset Coverage Ratio Election ), which would have resulted (had the Company not received earlier stockholder approval) in our asset coverage requirement applicable to senior securities being reduced from 200 to 150 , effective on November 7, 2019. On February 8, 2019, the stockholders of the Company approved the Asset Coverage Ratio Election, and, as a result, effective on February 9, 2019, our asset coverage requirement applicable to senior securities was reduced from 200 to 150 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s asset coverage ratio was 193 . 
 On July 13, 2015, we obtained exemptive relief from the SEC to permit us to exclude debt outstanding under the SBA Debentures from our asset coverage test under the 1940 Act. The exemptive relief provides us with increased flexibility under the 150 asset coverage test by permitting the SBIC to borrow up to 150.0 million more than it would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive relief. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 204.0 million, consisting primarily of the settlement of dispositions of investments (net of acquisitions) of 130.0 million and net investment income (net of non-cash income and expenses) of approximately 74.0 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 141.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of 140.0 million in repayment of unsecured notes and 70.5 million in dividends paid to common shareholders, offset by 69.4 million in credit facility draws (net of repayments). 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 82.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 The Operating Facility and Funding Facility II are secured by substantially all of the assets in our portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents, and are subject to compliance with customary affirmative and negative covenants, including the maintenance of a minimum shareholders equity, the maintenance of a ratio of not less than 150 of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total indebtedness, and restrictions on certain payments and issuance of debt. Unfavorable economic conditions may result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which would affect both the asset coverage ratios and the value of the collateral securing the Operating Facility and Funding Facility II, and may therefore impact our ability to borrow under the Operating Facility and Funding Facility II. In addition to regulatory restrictions that restrict our ability to raise capital, the Leverage Program contains various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate repayment of debt, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial and operational covenants required by the Leverage Program. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions, such as those caused by COVID-19, while potentially creating attractive opportunities for us, may decrease liquidity and raise the cost of capital generally, which could limit our ability to renew, extend or replace the Leverage Program on terms as favorable as are currently included therein. If we are unable to renew, extend or replace the Leverage Program upon the various dates of maturity, we expect to have sufficient funds to repay the outstanding balances in full from our net investment income and sales of, and repayments of principal from, our portfolio company investments, as well as from anticipated debt and equity capital raises, among other sources. Unfavorable economic conditions may limit our ability to raise capital or the ability of the companies in which we invest to repay our loans or engage in a liquidity event, such as a sale, recapitalization or initial public offering. The Operating Facility, Funding Facility II, the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, mature in May 2026, August 2025, August 2024 and February 2026, respectively. Any inability to renew, extend or replace the Leverage Program could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to find new investments or maintain distributions to our stockholders. 
 Challenges in the market are intensified for us by certain regulatory limitations under the Code and the 1940 Act. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must satisfy, among other requirements, an annual distribution requirement to pay out at least 90 of our ordinary income and short-term capital gains to our stockholders. Because we are required to distribute our income in this manner, and because the illiquidity of many of our investments may make it difficult for us to finance new investments through the sale of current investments, our ability to make new investments is highly dependent upon external financing. While we anticipate being able to continue to satisfy all covenants and repay the outstanding balances under the Leverage Program when due, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so, which could lead to an event of default. 
 84 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Contractual obligations 
 In addition to obligations under our Leverage Program, we have entered into several contracts under which we have future commitments. Pursuant to an investment management agreement, the Advisor manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Payments under the investment management agreement are equal to a percentage of the value of our total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) and an incentive compensation, plus reimbursement of certain expenses incurred by the Advisor. Under our administration agreement, the Administrator provides us with administrative services, facilities and personnel. Payments under the administration agreement are equal to an allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us and may include rent and our allocable portion of the cost of certain of our officers and their respective staffs. We are responsible for reimbursing the Advisor for due diligence and negotiation expenses, fees and expenses of custodians, administrators, transfer and distribution agents, counsel and directors, insurance, filings and registrations, proxy expenses, expenses of communications to investors, compliance expenses, interest, taxes, portfolio transaction expenses, costs of responding to regulatory inquiries and reporting to regulatory authorities, costs and expenses of preparing and maintaining our books and records, indemnification, litigation and other extraordinary expenses and such other expenses as are approved by the directors as being reasonably related to our organization, offering, capitalization, operation or administration and any portfolio investments, as applicable. The Advisor is not responsible for any of the foregoing expenses and such services are not investment advisory services under the 1940 Act. Either party may terminate each of the investment management agreement and administration agreement without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. 
 Distributions 
 Our quarterly dividends and distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. Distributions are declared considering our estimate of annual taxable income available for distribution to stockholders and the amount of taxable income carried over from the prior year for distribution in the current year. We do not have a policy to pay distributions at a specific level and expect to continue to distribute substantially all of our taxable income. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions or distributions at a particular level. 
 The following tables summarize dividends declared for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Type 
 
 Amount Per Share 

Total Amount 

February 24, 2022 
 
 March 17, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

May 4, 2022 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

August 3, 2022 
 
 September 16, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

November 3, 2022 
 
 December 16, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 
 Regular 

0.32 

18,485,525 

December 15, 2022 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 
 January 12, 2023 
 
 Special 

0.05 

2,888,363 

1.27 

73,364,425 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Type 
 
 Amount Per Share 

Total Amount 

February 25, 2021 
 
 March 17, 2021 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

May 5, 2021 
 
 June 16, 2021 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

August 2, 2021 
 
 September 16, 2021 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

November 3, 2021 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Regular 

0.30 

17,330,179 

1.20 

69,320,716 

We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to maintain favorable RIC tax treatment, we must distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally available for distribution. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: 
 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; 

98.2 of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and 

certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 

85 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 We may, at our discretion, carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year distributions and pay a 4 excise tax on this income. If we choose to do so, all other things being equal, this would increase expenses and reduce the amounts available to be distributed to our stockholders. We will accrue excise tax on estimated taxable income as required. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make dividends and distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these dividends and distributions from time to time. Also, we may be limited in our ability to make dividends and distributions due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in our existing and future credit facilities. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of favorable RIC tax treatment. In addition, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to obtain tax benefits as a RIC and may be subject to an excise tax. 
 In order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs, we have the ability to declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of our common stock instead of in cash. As long as a portion of such dividend is paid in cash and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution would be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Related Parties 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 Each of the Company, TCPC Funding, and the SBIC has entered into an investment management agreement with the Advisor. 

The Administrator provides us with administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Administrator may be reimbursed by us for expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of certain of our officers and the Administrator s administrative staff and providing, at our request and on our behalf, significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. The Administrator is an affiliate of the Advisor and certain other series and classes of SVOF/MM, LLC serve as the general partner or managing member of certain other funds managed by the Advisor. 

We have entered into a royalty-free license agreement with BlackRock and the Advisor, pursuant to which each of BlackRock and the Advisor has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name BlackRock and TCP. 

86 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 The Advisor and its affiliates, employees and associates currently do and in the future may manage other funds and accounts. The Advisor and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds or accounts. Accordingly, conflicts may arise regarding the allocation of investments or opportunities among us and those accounts. In general, the Advisor will allocate investment opportunities pro rata among us and the other funds and accounts (assuming the investment satisfies the objectives of each) based on the amount of committed capital each then has available. The allocation of certain investment opportunities in private placements is subject to independent director approval pursuant to the terms of the co-investment exemptive order applicable to us. In certain cases, investment opportunities may be made other than on a pro rata basis. For example, we may desire to retain an asset at the same time that one or more other funds or accounts desire to sell it or we may not have additional capital to invest at a time the other funds or accounts do. If the Advisor is unable to manage our investments effectively, we may be unable to achieve our investment objective. In addition, the Advisor may face conflicts in allocating investment opportunities between us and certain other entities that could impact our investment returns. While our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted under the 1940 Act, we have received an exemptive order from the SEC permitting certain affiliated investments subject to certain conditions. As a result, we may face conflict of interests and investments made pursuant to the exemptive order conditions which could in certain circumstances affect adversely the price paid or received by us or the availability or size of the position purchased or sold by us. 
 Recent Developments 
 From January 1, 2023 through February 27, 2023, the Company has invested approximately 76.9 million primarily in 9 senior secured loans with a combined effective yield of approximately 11.9 . 
 On February 15, 2023, the Company s board of directors re-approved the Company Repurchase Plan, to be in effect through the earlier of two trading days after the Company s first quarter 2023 earnings release or such time as the approved 50.0 million repurchase amount has been fully utilized, subject to certain conditions. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared a first quarter dividend of 0.32 per share payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 17, 2023. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, 93.6 of debt investments in our portfolio bore interest based on floating rates, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. The interest rates on such investments generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to six months. At December 31, 2021, the percentage of floating rate debt investments in our portfolio that were subject to an interest rate floor was 94.9 . Floating rate investments subject to a floor generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to six months only if the index exceeds the floor. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. We assess our portfolio companies periodically to determine whether such companies will be able to continue making interest payments in the event that interest rates increase. There can be no assurances that the portfolio companies will be able to meet their contractual obligations at any or all levels of increases in interest rates. 
 Based on our December 31, 2022 statement of assets and liabilities, the following table shows the annual impact on net investment income (excluding the related incentive compensation impact) of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments and the fact that our assets and liabilities may not have the same base rate period as assumed in this table) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 

Basis Point Change 
 
 Net Investment Income 

Net Investment Income Per Share 

Up 300 basis points 

36,086,862 

0.62 

Up 200 basis points 

24,057,907 

0.42 

Up 100 basis points 

12,028,954 

0.21 

Down 100 basis points 

(12,005,766) 

(0.21) 

Down 200 basis points 

(24,011,531) 

(0.42) 

Down 300 basis points 

(35,726,536) 

(0.62) 

87 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item 8. Financ ial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 92 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 93 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 94 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 95 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 96 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 115 

Consolidated Schedules of Changes in Investments in Affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 141 

Consolidated Schedules of Restricted Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 145 

88 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Blackrock TCP Capital Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Blackrock TCP Capital Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, consolidated financial highlights (in Note 10) for each of the five years in the period then ended, and the related consolidated notes and consolidating schedules and statements listed in Index Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to an account or disclosure that is material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Investment Valuation Level 3 Investments Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company held investments classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These investments included bank debt, other corporate debt, and equity, which are valued based on quotations or other affirmative pricing from independent third-party sources, or priced directly by Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC (the Advisor ), each of which was determined using quotes and other observable market data to the extent such data are available, but which also required the use of one or more unobservable inputs significant to the valuation taken as a whole. Fair valuations of investments in each asset class are determined using one or more methodologies including market quotations, the market approach, income approach, 
 89 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 or, in the case of recent investments, the cost approach, as appropriate. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was 1,516,829,426 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for 
 management to select valuation methodologies and to select significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value. This required a high degree of audit judgement and increased effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling expertise, to audit and evaluate the appropriateness of these models and unobservable inputs. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation methodologies and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of Level 3 investments included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s valuation of Level 3 investments, including those related to selection of valuation methodologies and significant unobservable inputs. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the selected valuation methodologies used for Level 3 investments and tested the related significant unobservable inputs by comparing these inputs to external sources. We evaluated the reasonableness of any significant changes in valuation methodologies or significant unobservable inputs for those investments from the prior year-end. For selected investments, we used the assistance of our fair value specialists. 
 For selected investments, with the assistance of our fair value specialists, we developed an independent estimate of the fair value and compared our estimate to management s estimate. 
 We evaluated management s ability to reasonably estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to subsequent transactions, taking into account changes in market- or investment- specific conditions, where applicable. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

90 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Blackrock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Blackrock TCP Capital Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 91 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements o f Assets and Liabilities 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments, at fair value: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Controlled investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Total investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Interest, dividends and fees receivable 

Deferred debt issuance costs 

Receivable for investments sold 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Debt (net of deferred issuance costs of and , respectively) 

Interest and debt related payables 

Management fees payable 

Incentive fees payable 

Distributions payable 

Payable for investments purchased 

Reimbursements due to the Advisor 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Net assets 

Composition of net assets applicable to common shareholders 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Paid-in capital in excess of par 

Distributable earnings (loss) 

() 

() 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

Net assets per share 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 92 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Sta tements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment income 

Interest income (excluding PIK): 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments 

Controlled investments 

PIK income: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments 

Dividend income: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments 

Controlled investments 

Lease income: 

Controlled investments 

Other income: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments 

Total investment income 

Operating expenses 

Interest and other debt expenses 

Management fees 

Incentive fees 

Professional fees 

Administrative expenses 

Director fees 

Insurance expense 

Custody fees 

Other operating expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Net investment income 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency 

Net realized gain (loss): 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments 

() 

Controlled investments 

() 

Net realized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation): 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Non-controlled, affiliated investments 

() 

Controlled investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Realized loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 93 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Par Amount 

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par 

Distributable earnings (loss) 

Total Net Assets 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Issuance of common stock from dividend reinvestment plan 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

() 
 (1) 
 
 () 

Realized loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

() 
 (1) 
 
 () 

Realized loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Cumulative effect adjustment for the adoption of ASU 2020-06 (2) 

() 

() 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

() 
 (1) 
 
 () 

Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

(1) Dividends paid to shareholders include a tax return of capital of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

(2) See Note 2 and Note 4 for further information related to the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 94 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net realized (gain) loss 

() 

Realized loss on extinguishment of debt 

Change in net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of investments 

() 

Net amortization of investment discounts and premiums 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of original issue discount on debt 

Interest and dividend income paid in kind 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of investments 

Decrease (increase) in interest, dividends and fees receivable 

() 

() 

Decrease (increase) in receivable for investments sold 

() 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable for investments purchased 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in incentive fees payable 

() 

Increase (decrease) in interest and debt related payables 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in reimbursements due to the Advisor 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in management fees payable 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Financing activities 

Draws on credit facilities 

Repayments of credit facility draws 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of convertible notes 

() 

Repayment of unsecured notes 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of unsecured notes 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Interest payments 

Distributions payable 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 95 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedu le of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (A) 

Airlines 

Mesa Airlines, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Automobiles 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. (AutoLenders) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

G/N 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. (AutoLenders) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

G/N 

Autoalert, LLC 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

C/N 

Building Products 

Porcelain Acquisition Corporation (Paramount) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Porcelain Acquisition Corporation (Paramount) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Capital Markets 

Pico Quantitative Trading, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

L/N 

Pico Quantitative Trading, LLC 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Commercial Services Supplies 

Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (Reedy Industries) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (Reedy Industries) 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

Communications Equipment 

Plate Newco 1 Limited (Avanti) (United Kingdom) 
 
 Subordinated E1 Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

PIK 

C/H/N 

Plate Newco 1 Limited (Avanti) (United Kingdom) 
 
 Subordinated E2 Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

PIK 

C/H/N 

Plate Newco 1 Limited (Avanti) (United Kingdom) 
 
 Subordinated F Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

PIK 

C/H/N 

Plate Newco 1 Limited (Avanti) (United Kingdom) 
 
 Subordinated G Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

PIK 

C/H/N 

Construction and Engineering 

CSG Buyer, Inc. (Core States) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

CSG Buyer, Inc. (Core States) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

CSG Buyer, Inc. (Core States) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Hylan Intermediate Holding II, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Hylan Intermediate Holding II, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Sunland Asphalt Construction, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Sunland Asphalt Construction, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

96 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Consumer Finance 

Freedom Financial Network Funding, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Freedom Financial Network Funding, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Money Transfer Acquisition Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Containers Packaging 

BW Holding, Inc. (Brook Whittle) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

BW Holding, Inc. (Brook Whittle) 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Distributors 

Colony Display, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Elevate Brands OpCo, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Fusion Holding Corp. (Finalsite) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Fusion Holding Corp. (Finalsite) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

H/N 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Sr Secured Convertible Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

Cash + PIK 

H/N 

SellerX Germany Gmbh Co. Kg (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

H/N 

Thras.io, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

Thras.io, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

Whele, LLC (Perch) 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Diversified Financial Services 

2-10 Holdco, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

2-10 Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

36th Street Capital Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 Senior Note 
 
 Fixed 

E/F/N 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan A 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan B 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Credit Suisse AG (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Asset-Backed Credit Linked Notes 
 
 Fixed 

E/H/I/N 

GC Champion Acquisition LLC (Numerix) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

GC Champion Acquisition LLC (Numerix) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Libra Solutions Intermediate Holdco, LLC et al (fka Oasis Financial, LLC) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(S) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Worldremit Group Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/L/N 

Diversified Telecommunication Services 

Aventiv Technologies, Inc. (Securus) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Electric Utilities 

Conergy Asia ME Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

D/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Bank Guarantee Credit Facility 
 
 Fixed 

D/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Fixed 

D/F/H/N 

97 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Health Care Technology 

Appriss Health, LLC (PatientPing) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Appriss Health, LLC (PatientPing) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

CareATC, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

CareATC, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

ESO Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

ESO Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Edifecs, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Gainwell Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Sandata Technologies, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Sandata Technologies, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

INH Buyer, Inc. (IMS Health) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

L/N 

Opco Borrower, LLC (Giving Home Health Care) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Opco Borrower, LLC (Giving Home Health Care) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

PHC Buyer, LLC (Patriot Home Care) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

PHC Buyer, LLC (Patriot Home Care) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

Team Services Group, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

G/N 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

Fishbowl, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

F/N 

OCM Luxembourg Baccarat BidCo S. R.L. (Interblock) (Slovenia) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

H/N 

OCM Luxembourg Baccarat BidCo S. R.L. (Interblock) (Slovenia) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

H/K/N 

Insurance 

AmeriLife Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

AmeriLife Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

AmeriLife Holdings, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Incremental Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

IT Parent, LLC (Insurance Technologies) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

IT Parent, LLC (Insurance Technologies) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M)/PRIME 

N 

Peter C. Foy Associates Insurance Services, LLC (PCF Insurance) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Peter C. Foy Associates Insurance Services, LLC (PCF Insurance) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Internet and Catalog Retail 

CommerceHub, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 PRIME 

N 

Syndigo, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

G/N 

98 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Internet Software and Services 

Acquia, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Acquia, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Anaconda, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Astra Acquisition Corp. (Anthology) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Domo, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

L/N 

Domo, Inc. 
 
 First Lien PIK Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

N 

Gympass US, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

InMoment, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Magenta Buyer, LLC (McAfee) 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

Magenta Buyer, LLC (McAfee) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

G 

Persado, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(M) 

L/N 

Persado, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(M) 

L/N 

Pluralsight, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Pluralsight, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Quartz Holding Company (Quick Base) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Reveal Data Corporation et al 
 
 First Lien FILO Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

ResearchGate GmBH (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 EURIBOR(M) 

H/L/N/O 

Sailpoint Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Sailpoint Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Spartan Bidco Pty Ltd (StarRez) (Australia) 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

H/I/N 

Suited Connector, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Suited Connector, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Suited Connector, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

IT Services 

Avalara, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Avalara, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K 

Ensono, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan B 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Madison Logic Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Madison Logic Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Xactly Corporation 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Xactly Corporation 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Leisure Products 

Blue Star Sports Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Blue Star Sports Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Blue Star Sports Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Peloton Interactive, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

J 

Machinery 

Alcami Corporation 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Alcami Corporation 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Alcami Corporation 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Sonny's Enterprises, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Sonny's Enterprises, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

99 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Media 

Khoros, LLC (Lithium) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Khoros, LLC (Lithium) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

NEP II, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

G 

Quora, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 Fixed 

L/N 

Streamland Media Midco LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Streamland Media Midco LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Terraboost Media Operating Company, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 

Iracore International Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

B/N 

Paper and Forest Products 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II (48Forty) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II (48Forty) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II (48Forty) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Professional Services 

Applause App Quality, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Applause App Quality, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(S) 

() 

K/N 

CIBT Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

C/G 

DTI Holdco, Inc. (Epiq Systems, Inc.) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

GI Consilio Parent, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

ICIMS, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

ICIMS, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

ICIMS, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

() 

() 

K/N 

ICIMS, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

JobandTalent USA, Inc. (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(M) 

H/L/N 

JobandTalent USA, Inc. (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(M) 

H/L/N 

RigUp, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

L/N 

VT TopCo, Inc. (Veritext) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Real Estate Management and Development 

Greystone Affordable Housing Initiatives, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

I/N 

Greystone Select Company II, LLC (Passco) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Greystone Select Company II, LLC (Passco) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

Road and Rail 

Motive Technologies, Inc. (fka Keep Truckin, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Motive Technologies, Inc. (fka Keep Truckin, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment 

Emerald Technologies (U.S.) AcquisitionCo, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

Emerald Technologies (U.S.) AcquisitionCo, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

100 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Software 

Aerospike, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

AlphaSense, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Aras Corporation 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Aras Corporation 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Backoffice Associates Holdings, LLC (Syniti) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 PRIME 

N 

Backoffice Associates Holdings, LLC (Syniti) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Bonterra LLC (fka CyberGrants Holdings, LLC) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Bonterra LLC (fka CyberGrants Holdings, LLC) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Bonterra LLC (fka CyberGrants Holdings, LLC) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Certify, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Certify, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Certify, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Elastic Path Software, Inc. (Canada) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

H/N 

Elastic Path Software, Inc. (Canada) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

H/N 

Fusion Risk Management, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Fusion Risk Management, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Grey Orange Incorporated 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

L/N 

Grey Orange Incorporated 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

L/N 

GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M)/SOFR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

() 

() 

K/N 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

JOBVITE, Inc. (Employ, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Kaseya, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Kaseya, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Kaseya, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Kong Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Nvest, Inc. (SigFig) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(S) 

N 

Oversight Systems, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

101 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Software (continued) 

SEP Raptor Acquisition, Inc. (Loopio) (Canada) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

H/N 

SEP Raptor Acquisition, Inc. (Loopio) (Canada) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

() 

() 

H/K/N 

SEP Eiger BidCo Ltd. (Beqom) (Switzerland) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

H/N 

SEP Eiger BidCo Ltd. (Beqom) (Switzerland) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

H/K/N 

Superman Holdings, LLC (Foundation Software) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Superman Holdings, LLC (Foundation Software) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Syntellis Parent, LLC (Axiom Software) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(M) 

N 

Zendesk Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

Zendesk Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Zendesk Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Zilliant Incorporated 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Zilliant Incorporated 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

() 

() 

K/N 

Zilliant Incorporated 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Specialty Retail 

Calceus Acquisition, Inc. (Cole Haan) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

G 

Calceus Acquisition, Inc. (Cole Haan) 
 
 First Lien Sr Secured Notes 
 
 Fixed 

E/G/N 

Hanna Andersson, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S.A.R.L. (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

H/N 

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

James Perse Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

N 

James Perse Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 SOFR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

PSEB, LLC (Eddie Bauer) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Trading Companies Distributors 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

Wireless Telecommunication Services 

OpenMarket, Inc. (Infobip) (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/N 

Total Debt Investments - of Net Assets 

102 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 

Expiration 
 
 Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Equity Securities 

Automobiles 

Autoalert Acquisition Co, LLC 
 
 Warrants to Purchase LLC Interest 

D/E/N 

Capital Markets 

Pico Quantitative Trading Holdings, LLC 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Membership Units 

D/E/N 

Chemicals 

AGY Equity, LLC 
 
 Class A Preferred Stock 

B/D/E/N 

AGY Equity, LLC 
 
 Class B Preferred Stock 

B/D/E/N 

AGY Equity, LLC 
 
 Class C Common Stock 

B/D/E/N 

Communications Equipment 

Plate Newco 1 Limited (Avanti) (United Kingdom) 
 
 Common Stock 

D/E/H/N/O 

Construction Engineering 

Hylan Novellus LLC 
 
 Class A Units 

D/E/N 

Diversified Consumer Services 

MXP Prime Platform GmbH (SellerX) (Germany) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Series B Shares 

D/E/H/N 

PerchHQ, LLC 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Series A1 Shares 

D/E/H/N 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series C Shares 

D/E/H/N 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC 
 
 Series B-1 Common Units 

B/E/N 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC 
 
 Series B-2 Common Units 

B/D/E/N 

Diversified Financial Services 

36th Street Capital Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 Membership Units 

E/F/N 

Conventional Lending TCP Holdings, LLC 
 
 Membership Units 

E/F/I/N 

Elevate Brands Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Elevate Brands Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

GACP I, LP (Great American Capital) 
 
 Membership Units 

E/I/N 

GACP II, LP (Great American Capital) 
 
 Membership Units 

E/I/N 

Worldremit Group Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Stock 

D/E/H/N 

Electric Utilities 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 Class B Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 Ordinary Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Ordinary Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Series B Preferred Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Utilidata, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Utilidata, Inc. 
 
 Series A-2 Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Utilidata, Inc. 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 

Soraa, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Energy Equipment and Services 

GlassPoint, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/N 

103 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 

Expiration 
 
 Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Equity Securities (continued) 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

Fishbowl, Inc. 
 
 Common Membership Units 

D/F/N 

Internet Software and Services 

Domo, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

D 

FinancialForce.com, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series C Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Foursquare Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

InMobi, Inc. (Singapore) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/H/N 

InMobi, Inc. (Singapore) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N 

InMobi, Inc. (Singapore) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N 

ResearchGate Corporation (Germany) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N/O 

SnapLogic, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

IT Services 

Fidelis (SVC), LLC 
 
 Preferred Unit-C 

D/E/N 

Media 

Quora, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

SoundCloud, Ltd. (United Kingdom) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N 

Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 

Iracore Investments Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Class A Common Stock 

B/D/E/N 

Pharmaceuticals 

Inotiv, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

D/E 

Professional Services 

Anacomp, Inc. 
 
 Class A Common Stock 

D/E/F/N 

Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment 

Nanosys, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Software 

Grey Orange International Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Tradeshift, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Trading Companies Distributors 

Blackbird Holdco, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

E/N 

Total Equity Securities - of Net Assets 

Total Investments - of Net Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - of Net Assets 

Total Cash and Investments - of Net Assets 

M 

104 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Schedule of Investments: 
 (A) 

(B) and of the outstanding voting securities of this issuer). See Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Affiliates. 

(C) 

(D) 

(E) 

(F) or more of the outstanding voting securities of this issuer). Investment is not more than of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer nor deemed to be a significant subsidiary. See Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Affiliates. 

(G) 

(H) of the Company's total assets. 

(I) of the Company's total assets. 

(J) million and as a result the investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, the Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time such acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least of the Company's total assets. 

(K) 

(L) 

(M) 

(N) 

(O) 

LIBOR or EURIBOR resets monthly (M), quarterly (Q), semiannually (S), or annually (A). 
 Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, totaled and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Aggregate acquisitions include investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions include principal paydowns on and maturities of debt investments. The total value of restricted securities and bank debt as of December 31, 2022 was or of total cash and investments of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of the total assets of the Company were not qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 105 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (A) 

Aerospace and Defense 

Unanet, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Unanet, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Unanet, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Airlines 

Epic Aero, Inc. 
 
 Unsecured Notes 
 
 Fixed 

N 

Mesa Airlines, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Mesa Airlines, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Automobiles 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. (AutoLenders) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

G/N 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. (AutoLenders) 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

() 

G/K/N 

Autoalert, LLC 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Building Products 

Porcelain Acquisition Corporation (Paramount) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Porcelain Acquisition Corporation (Paramount) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

Capital Markets 

Pico Quantitative Trading, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

L/N 

Pico Quantitative Trading, LLC 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Commercial Services Supplies 

Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (Reedy Industries) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (Reedy Industries) 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Communications Equipment 

Avanti Communications Jersey Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 1.25 Lien Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

H/N 

Avanti Communications Jersey Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 1.5 Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

H/L/N 

Avanti Communications Jersey Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 1.5 Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

H/L/N 

Avanti Communications Jersey Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 1.0625 Lien Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

H/N 

Avanti Communications Group, PLC (United Kingdom) 
 
 Sr New Money Initial Note 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

C/E/G/H/N 

Avanti Communications Group, PLC (United Kingdom) 
 
 Sr Second-Priority PIK Toggle Note 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

C/E/G/H/N 

Construction and Engineering 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Hylan Datacom Electrical, LLC 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

C/N 

Hylan Datacom Electrical, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

C/L/N 

Hylan Datacom Electrical, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

PHRG Intermediate, LLC (Power Home) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Sunland Asphalt Construction, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Sunland Asphalt Construction, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

106 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Consumer Finance 

Barri Financial Group, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Containers Packaging 

BW Holding, Inc. (Brook Whittle) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

BW Holding, Inc. (Brook Whittle) 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Distributors 

Colony Display, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Colony Display, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

- 

K/N 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

H/N 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Sr Secured Convertible Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

Cash + PIK 

H/N 

SellerX Germany Gmbh Co. Kg (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/N 

SellerX Germany Gmbh Co. Kg (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

- 

H/K/N 

Spark Networks, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Spark Networks, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Thras.io, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Thras.io, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Whele, LLC (Perch) 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Diversified Financial Services 

2-10 Holdco, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

2-10 Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

36th Street Capital Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 Senior Note 
 
 Fixed 

E/F/N 

Credit Suisse AG (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Asset-Backed Credit Linked Notes 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/I/N 

Oasis Financial, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Worldremit Group Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/L/N 

Diversified Telecommunication Services 

Aventiv Technologies, Inc. (Securus) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

MetroNet Systems Holdings, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

MetroNet Systems Holdings, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Telarix, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Telarix, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

() 

() 

K/N 

Electric Utilities 

Conergy Asia ME Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

D/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Bank Guarantee Credit Facility 
 
 Fixed 

D/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Fixed 

D/F/H/N 

107 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Healthcare Technology 

Appriss Health, LLC (PatientPing) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Appriss Health, LLC (PatientPing) 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

CareATC, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

CareATC, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

ESO Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

ESO Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

() 

K/N 

Edifecs, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Gainwell Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Sandata Technologies, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Sandata Technologies, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

INH Buyer, Inc. (IMS Health) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Team Services Group, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

G/N 

Tempus, LLC (Epic Staffing) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Tempus, LLC (Epic Staffing) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

Fishbowl, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Insurance 

AmeriLife Holdings, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

IT Parent, LLC (Insurance Technologies) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

IT Parent, LLC (Insurance Technologies) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Internet and Catalog Retail 

Syndigo, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

G/N 

Internet Software and Services 

Acquia, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Acquia, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

Astra Acquisition Corp. (Anthology) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Domo, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

Cash + PIK 

L/N 

Domo, Inc. 
 
 First Lien PIK Term Loan 
 
 Fixed 

PIK 

N 

FinancialForce.com, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

L/N 

Foursquare Labs, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

L/N 

Foursquare Labs, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Foursquare Labs, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Magenta Buyer, LLC (McAfee) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

G 

MetricStream, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

MetricStream, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

L/N 

Persado, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

L/N 

Pluralsight, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Pluralsight, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Quartz Holding Company (Quick Base) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

ResearchGate GmBH (Germany) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 EURIBOR(Q) 

H/L/N/O 

Suited Connector, LLC 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Suited Connector, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Suited Connector, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

108 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

IT Services 

Ensono, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan B 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Puppet, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

L/N 

Xactly Corporation 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Xactly Corporation 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

Leisure Products 

Blue Star Sports Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Blue Star Sports Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Blue Star Sports Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

cash + PIK 

N 

Machinery 

Sonny's Enterprises, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Sonny's Enterprises, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Media 

Khoros, LLC (Lithium) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Khoros, LLC (Lithium) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

NEP II, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

G 

Quora, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 Fixed 

L/N 

Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 

Iracore International Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

B/N 

Personal Products 

Olaplex, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

G/N 

Olaplex, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

() 

G/K/N 

Professional Services 

Applause App Quality, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Applause App Quality, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

CIBT Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

C/G 

Dude Solutions Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Dude Solutions Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

GI Consilio Parent, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

iCIMS, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

iCIMS, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

JobandTalent USA, Inc. (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

H/N 

JobandTalent USA, Inc. (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

H/N 

RigUp, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Exit Fee) 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

L/N 

VT TopCo, Inc. (Veritext) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

109 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Real Estate Management and Development 

Greystone Affordable Housing Initiatives, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

H/N 

Road and Rail 

Keep Truckin, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Software 

Aerospike, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Aras Corporation 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Aras Corporation 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Aras Corporation 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Backoffice Associates Holdings, LLC (Syniti) 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 PRIME 

N 

Backoffice Associates Holdings, LLC (Syniti) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

Certify, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Certify, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Certify, Inc. 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

CyberGrants Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

CyberGrants Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

CyberGrants Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Oversight Systems, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Rhode Holdings, Inc. (Kaseya) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Rhode Holdings, Inc. (Kaseya) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

Cash + PIK 

N 

Rhode Holdings, Inc. (Kaseya) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

SEP Raptor Acquisition, Inc. (Loopio) (Canada) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/N 

SEP Raptor Acquisition, Inc. (Loopio) (Canada) 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

H/K/N 

SEP Vulcan Acquisition, Inc. (Tasktop) (Canada) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/N 

SEP Vulcan Acquisition, Inc. (Tasktop) (Canada) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

H/K/N 

Superman Holdings, LLC (Foundation Software) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Superman Holdings, LLC (Foundation Software) 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

K/N 

Syntellis Performance Solutions, Inc. (Axiom Software) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Zilliant Incorporated 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

PIK 

N 

Zilliant Incorporated 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

PIK 

() 

() 

K/N 

Zilliant Incorporated 
 
 Sr Secured Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

110 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 
 
 Ref 
 
 Floor 

Spread 

Total Coupon 

Maturity 
 
 Principal 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Debt Investments (continued) 

Specialty Retail 

Calceus Acquisition, Inc. (Cole Haan) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan B 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

G 

Calceus Acquisition, Inc. (Cole Haan) 
 
 First Lien Sr Secured Notes 
 
 Fixed 

G/N 

Hanna Andersson, LLC 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

USR Parent, Inc. (Staples) 
 
 First Lien FILO Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S.A.R.L. (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/N 

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

James Perse Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

N 

James Perse Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Revolver 
 
 LIBOR(S) 

() 

K/N 

Kenneth Cole Productions, Inc. 
 
 First Lien FILO Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

PSEB, LLC (Eddie Bauer) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

PSEB, LLC, (Eddie Bauer) 
 
 First Lien Incremental Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(M) 

N 

WH Buyer, LLC (Anne Klein) 
 
 First Lien Incremental FILO Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

WH Buyer, LLC (Anne Klein) 
 
 First Lien FILO Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Tobacco Related 

Juul Labs, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Trading Companies Distributors 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

N 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 
 
 Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

() 

() 

K/N 

Wireless Telecommunication Services 

OpenMarket, Inc. (Infobip) (United Kingdom) 
 
 First Lien Term Loan 
 
 LIBOR(Q) 

H/N 

Total Debt Investments - of Net Assets 

111 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 

Total Coupon 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Equity Securities 

Automobiles 

Autoalert Acquisition Co, LLC 
 
 Warrants to Purchase LLC Interest 

D/E/N 

Capital Markets 

Pico Quantitative Trading Holdings, LLC 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Membership Units 

D/E/N 

Chemicals 

AGY Equity, LLC 
 
 Class A Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

AGY Equity, LLC 
 
 Class B Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

AGY Equity, LLC 
 
 Class C Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Communications Equipment 

Avanti Communications Group, PLC (United Kingdom) 
 
 Common Stock 

D/H/N/O 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Series A1 Shares 

D/E/H/N 

MXP Prime Platform GmbH (SellerX) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred B Shares 

D/E/H/N 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC 
 
 Series B-1 Common Units 

B/E/N 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC 
 
 Series B-2 Common Units 

B/D/E/N 

Diversified Financial Services 

36th Street Capital Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 Membership Units 

E/F/N 

Conventional Lending TCP Holdings, LLC 
 
 Membership Units 

E/F/I/N 

GACP I, LP (Great American Capital) 
 
 Membership Units 

E/I/N 

GACP II, LP (Great American Capital) 
 
 Membership Units 

E/I/N 

Worldremit Group Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Stock 

D/E/H/N 

Electric Utilities 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 Class B Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited (United Kingdom) 
 
 Ordinary Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Ordinary Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited (Conergy) (Cayman Islands) 
 
 Series B Preferred Shares 

D/E/F/H/N 

Utilidata, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Utilidata, Inc. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Utilidata, Inc. 
 
 Series CC Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 

Soraa, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Energy Equipment and Services 

GlassPoint, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/N 

112 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

Issuer 
 
 Instrument 

Total Coupon 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Cash and Investments 

Notes 

Equity Securities (continued) 

Internet Software and Services 

Domo, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

D 

FinancialForce.com, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series C Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Foursquare Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

InMobi, Inc. (Singapore) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

D/E/H/N 

InMobi, Inc. (Singapore) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N 

InMobi, Inc. (Singapore) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N 

ResearchGate Corporation (Germany) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N/O 

SnapLogic, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

IT Services 

Fidelis (SVC), LLC 
 
 Preferred Unit-C 

D/E/N 

Life Sciences Tools and Services 

Envigo RMS Holdings Corp. 
 
 Common Stock 

D/E/N 

Media 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.) 
 
 Class A Units 

B/D/E/N 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.) 
 
 Class A Warrants to Purchase Class A Units 

B/D/E/N 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.) 
 
 Class B Warrants to Purchase Class A Units 

B/D/E/N 

Quora, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

SoundCloud, Ltd. (United Kingdom) 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/H/N 

Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 

Iracore Investments Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Class A Common Stock 

B/D/E/N 

Professional Services 

Anacomp, Inc. 
 
 Class A Common Stock 

D/E/F/N 

Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment 

Nanosys, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Software 

Tradeshift, Inc. 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

D/E/N 

Trading Companies Distributors 

Blackbird Holdco, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

PIK 

E/N 

Total Equity Securities - of Net Assets 

Total Investments - of Net Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - of Net Assets 

Total Cash and Investments - of Net Assets 

M 

Notes to Consolidated Schedule of Investments: 
 (A) 

113 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (B) and of the outstanding voting securities of this issuer). See Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Affiliates. 

(C) 

(D) 

(E) 

(F) or more of the outstanding voting securities of this issuer). Investment is not more than of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer nor deemed to be a significant subsidiary. See Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Affiliates. 

(G) 

(H) of the Company's total assets. 

(I) of the Company's total assets. 

(J) Publicly traded company with a market capitalization greater than 250 million and as a result the investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, the Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time such acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least of the Company's total assets. 

(K) 

(L) 

(M) 

(N) 

(O) 

LIBOR or EURIBOR resets monthly (M), quarterly (Q), semiannually (S), or annually (A). 
 Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, totaled and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Aggregate acquisitions include investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions include principal paydowns on and maturities of debt investments. The total value of restricted securities and bank debt as of December 31, 2021 was or of total cash and investments of the Company. As of December 31, 2021, approximately of the total assets of the Company were not qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 114 

BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

115 
 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

of the assets of the Company. Investments listed on a recognized exchange or market quotation system, whether U.S. or foreign, are valued using the closing price on the date of valuation. Investments not listed on a recognized exchange or market quotation system, but for which reliable market quotations are readily available are valued using prices provided by a nationally recognized pricing service or by using quotations from broker-dealers. Investments for which market quotations are either not readily available or are determined to be unreliable are priced at fair value using affirmative valuations performed by independent valuation services approved by the Valuation Designee or, for investments aggregating less than of the total assets of the Company, using valuations determined directly by the Valuation Designee. Such valuations are determined under documented valuation policies and procedures reviewed and approved by a committee established by the Valuation Designee (the Valuation Committee ). Generally, to increase objectivity in valuing the investments, the Valuation Designee will utilize external measures of value, such as public markets or third-party transactions, whenever possible. The Valuation Designee s valuation is not based on long-term work-out value, immediate liquidation value, nor incremental value for potential changes that may take place in the future. The values assigned to investments are based on available information and do not necessarily represent amounts that might ultimately be realized, as these amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot reasonably be determined until the individual investments are actually liquidated. Such circumstances may include macroeconomic, geopolitical and other events and conditions such as the current COVID-19 pandemic that may significantly impact the profitability or viability of businesses in which the Company is invested, and therefore may significantly impact the return on the Company s investments. The foregoing policies apply to all investments, including any in companies and groups of affiliated companies aggregating more than of the Company s assets. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Fair valuations of investments in each asset class are determined using one or more methodologies including market quotations, the market approach, income approach, or, in the case of recent investments, the cost approach, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets. Such information may include observed multiples of earnings and/or revenues at which transactions in securities of comparable companies occur, with appropriate adjustments for differences in company size, operations or other factors affecting comparability. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present value amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. The discount rates used for such analyses reflect market yields for comparable investments, considering such factors as relative credit quality, capital structure, and other factors. In following these approaches, the types of factors that may be taken into account also include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, merger and acquisition comparables, comparable costs of capital, the principal market in which the investment trades and enterprise values, among other factors. Investments may be categorized based on the types of inputs used in valuing such investments. The level in the GAAP valuation hierarchy in which an investment falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation of the investment in its entirety. Transfers between levels are recognized as of the beginning of the reporting period. 

2 
 
 Other direct and indirect observable market inputs (3) 

3 
 
 Independent third-party valuation sources that employ significant unobservable inputs 

3 
 
 Valuation Designee valuations with significant unobservable inputs 

Total 

(1) Includes senior secured loans 

 (2) Includes senior secured notes, unsecured debt and subordinated debt 

 (3) For example, quoted prices in inactive markets or quotes for comparable investments 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Income approach 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Market quotations 
 
 Indicative bid/ask quotes 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 EBITDA multiples 
 
 x x) 

Option Pricing Model 
 
 EBITDA/Revenue multiples 
 
 x x) 

Implied volatility 
 
 - 

Term 
 
 years - years years) 

Other Corporate Debt 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Book value multiples 
 
 x x) 

Income approach 
 
 Discount rate 

Market quotations 
 
 Indicative bid/ask quotes 

Equity 

Income approach 
 
 Discount rate 

Market quotations 
 
 Indicative bid/ask quotes 

Option Pricing Model 
 
 EBITDA/Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Implied volatility 
 
 - 

Term 
 
 years - years years) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 EBITDA multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Book value multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Other (2) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

(1) Weighted by fair value 

 (2) Fair value was determined based on the most recently available net asset value of the issuer adjusted for identified changes in the valuations of the underlying portfolio of the issuer through the measurement date. 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Certain fair value measurements may employ more than one valuation technique, with each valuation technique receiving a relative weight between 0 and 100 . Generally, a change in an unobservable input may result in a change to the value of an investment as follows: 

Input 
 
 Impact to Value if Input Increases 
 
 Impact to Value if Input Decreases 

Discount rate 

Revenue multiples 

EBITDA multiples 

Book value multiples 

Implied volatility 

Term 

Yield 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions (1) 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers into Level 3 (2) 

Reclassifications within Level 3 (3) 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation during the period on investments still held at period end (included in net realized and unrealized gains/losses, above) 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Includes payments received in kind and accretion of original issue and market discounts 

 (2) Comprised of two investments that were transferred from Level 2 due to reduced number of market quotes 

 (3) Comprised of one investment that was reclassified to Advisor Valuation and one that was reclassified from Advisor Valuation 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Valuation Designee Valuation 

Bank Debt 

Other Corporate Debt 

Equity Securities 

Total 

Beginning balance 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions (1) 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassifications within Level 3 (2) 

() 

Ending balance 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation during the period on investments still held at period end (included in net realized and unrealized gains/losses, above) 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Includes payments received in kind and accretion of original issue and market discounts 

 (2) Comprised of one investment that was reclassified to Advisor Valuation and one that was reclassified from Advisor Valuation 

2 
 
 Other direct and indirect observable market inputs (3) 

3 
 
 Independent third-party valuation sources that employ significant unobservable inputs 

3 
 
 Advisor valuations with significant unobservable inputs 

Total 

(1) Includes senior secured loans 

 (2) Includes senior secured notes, unsecured debt and subordinated debt 

 (3) For example, quoted prices in inactive markets or quotes for comparable investments 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Income approach 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Market quotations 
 
 Indicative bid/ask quotes 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 EBITDA multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Option Pricing Model 
 
 EBITDA/Revenue multiples 
 
 x x) 

Implied volatility 

Term 
 
 years years) 

Other Corporate Debt 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Book value multiples 
 
 x x) 

Income approach 
 
 Discount rate 

Market quotations 
 
 Indicative bid/ask quotes 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Revenue multiples 
 
 x x) 

Equity 

Income approach 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Market quotations 
 
 Indicative bid/ask quotes 

Option Pricing Model 
 
 EBITDA/Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Implied volatility 
 
 - 

Term 
 
 years - years years) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 EBITDA multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Market comparable companies 
 
 Book value multiples 
 
 x x) 

Other (2) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

(1) Weighted by fair value 

 (2) Fair value was determined based on the most recently available net asset value of the issuer adjusted for identified changes in the valuations of the underlying portfolio of the issuer through the measurement date. 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

() 

Acquisitions (1) 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers out of Level 3 (2) 

() 

() 

Reclassifications within Level 3 (3) 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation during the period on investments still held at period end (included in net realized and unrealized gains/losses, above) 

() 

(1) Includes payments received in kind and accretion of original issue and market discounts 

 (2) Comprised of three investments that were transferred to Level 2 due to increased observable market activity 

 (3) Comprised of one investment that was reclassified to Advisor Valuation and two that were reclassified from Advisor Valuation 

Advisor Valuation 

Bank Debt 

Other Corporate Debt 

Equity Securities 

Total 

Beginning balance 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassifications within Level 3 (1) 

() 

Ending balance 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation during the period on investments still held at period end (included in net realized and unrealized gains/losses, above) 

(1) Comprised of two investments that were reclassified to Independent Third-Party Valuation and one that was reclassified from Independent Third-Party Valuation 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 restricted cash at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 . 
 
 and of total investments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Such positions were converted at the respective closing foreign exchange rates in effect at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and reported in U.S. dollars. Purchases and sales of investments and income and expense items denominated in foreign currencies, when they occur, are translated into U.S. dollars based on the foreign exchange rates in effect on the respective dates of such transactions. The portion of gains and losses on foreign investments resulting from fluctuations in foreign currencies is included in net realized and unrealized gain or loss from investments. Investments in foreign companies and securities of foreign governments may involve special risks and considerations not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and securities of the U.S. government. These risks include, among other things, revaluation of currencies, less reliable information about issuers, different transaction clearance and settlement practices, and potential future adverse political and economic developments. Moreover, investments in foreign companies and securities of foreign governments and their markets may be less liquid and their prices more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies and the U.S. government. 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) t enter into any derivative transactions nor hold any derivative positions. Valuations of derivatives are determined using observable market inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and, accordingly, are generally classified as Level 2 in the GAAP valuation hierarchy. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) GAAP requires that certain components of net assets be adjusted to reflect permanent differences between financial and tax reporting. These reclassifications have no effect on net assets or net asset values per share. 

() 

Accumulated earnings 

() 

Tax return of capital 

Non-expiring capital loss carryforwards (1) 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gains (losses) (2) 

() 

Total accumulated earnings (losses) 

() 

() 
 
 ______________ (1) Amount available to offset future realized capital gains. (2) The difference between book-basis and tax-basis net unrealized gains (losses) was attributable primarily to the timing and recognition of partnership income, and the accrual of income on securities in default. 

Unrealized appreciation 

Unrealized depreciation 

() 

() 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

Interest Related Dividends for Non-U.S. Residents (2) 

______________ (1) Represents the maximum amount allowable by law as interest income eligible to be treated as Section 163(j) interest dividends. 

 (2) Represents the maximum amount allowable as interest-related dividends eligible for exemption from US withholding tax for nonresident aliens and foreign corporations. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) ASU 2020-06 under the modified retrospective basis as of . The impact of the Company s adoption under the modified retrospective basis required an adjustment of million to opening net assets for the remaining unamortized discount on the 2022 Convertible Notes, an increase to our debt balance in the amount of million as a result of the recombination of the equity conversion component of the 2022 Convertible Notes, and million lower interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s adoption of this guidance did t have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

126 
 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 of the net asset value of the Company from to , (ii) reduced the incentive compensation on net investment income and net realized gains (reduced by any net unrealized losses) from to and (iii) reduced the cumulative total return hurdle from to . Accordingly, the Company s management fee is calculated at an annual rate of on total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) up to an amount equal to of the net asset value of the Company, and thereafter. The management fee is calculated on a consolidated basis as of the beginning of each quarter and is payable to the Advisor quarterly in arrears. Incentive compensation is only incurred to the extent the Company s cumulative total return (after incentive compensation) exceeds a annual rate on daily weighted-average contributed common equity. Subject to that limitation, incentive compensation is calculated on ordinary income (before incentive compensation) and net realized gains (net of any unrealized depreciation) at rates of on income since the fee reduction on February 8, 2019 and previously. Incentive compensation is computed as the difference between incentive compensation earned and incentive compensation paid, subject to the total return hurdle, on a cumulative basis since January 1, 2013, and is payable quarterly in arrears. Accordingly, the incentive compensation for any period may include amounts not earned in prior periods (due to the Company s cumulative total return falling below the total return hurdle in such period), but subsequently earned when the Company s cumulative total return again exceeds the total return hurdle (such amount, a Catchup Amount ). During the three months ended June 30, 2020, the Company incurred a Catchup Amount of approximately million, comprised of amounts related to net investment income for the three months ended March 31, 2020 but not paid in such period due to a temporary decline in asset valuations (the First Quarter Catchup Amount ). However, rather than receiving all incentive compensation earned as of June 30, 2020, the Advisor voluntarily deferred 5/6 of the First Quarter Catchup Amount to subsequent quarters such that 1/6 of the First Quarter Catchup Amount was paid in each subsequent quarter as the Company s cumulative performance exceeded the total return hurdle in such quarter. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's cumulative performance continued to exceed the total return hurdle, and as such the incentive fee for the year ended December 31, 2021 included million, or the final (3/6) of the 2020 First Quarter Catchup Amount. A reserve for incentive compensation is accrued based on the amount of any additional incentive compensation that would have been payable to the Advisor assuming a hypothetical liquidation of the Company at net asset value on the balance sheet date. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, such reserve was accrued. The Company bears all expenses incurred in connection with its business, including fees and expenses of outside contracted services, such as custodian, administrative, legal, audit and tax preparation fees, costs of valuing investments, insurance costs, brokers and finders fees relating to investments, and any other transaction costs associated with the purchase and sale of investments. 

 127 
 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 , debt included million in convertible senior unsecured notes due March 2022 issued by the Company (the 2022 Convertible Notes ). Prior to being repaid on , debt included million in unsecured notes due August 2022 issued by the Company (the 2022 Notes ). 
 
 L+ 
 (2) 

(3) 

Funding Facility II 

L+ 
 (4) 

(5) 

SBA Debentures 

(6) 

2024 Notes million par) 

2026 Notes million par) 

Total leverage 

Unamortized issuance costs 

() 

Debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 

(1) Except for the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, all carrying values are the same as the principal amounts outstanding. 

 (2) As of December 31, 2022 , million of the outstanding amount bore interest at a rate of EURIBOR + and million of the outstanding amount bore interest at a rate of Prime + . 

 (3) Operating Facility includes a million accordion which allows for expansion of the facility to up to million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 

 (4) Subject to certain funding requirements 

 (5) Funding Facility II includes a million accordion which allows for expansion of the facility to up to million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 

 (6) Weighted-average interest rate, excluding fees of or . 

 Total debt outstanding and available at December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

Maturity 
 
 Rate 

Carrying Value (1) 

Available 

Total Capacity 

Operating Facility 

L+ 
 (2) 

(3) 

Funding Facility II 

L+ 
 (4) 

(5) 

SBA Debentures 

(6) 

2022 Convertible Notes million par) 

2024 Notes million par) 

2026 Notes million par) 

Total leverage 

Unamortized issuance costs 

() 

Debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 

(1) Except for the 2022 Convertible notes, the 2022 Notes and the 2024 Notes, all carrying values are the same as the principal amounts outstanding. 

 (2) As of December 31, 2021, million of the outstanding amount bore interest at a rate of EURIBOR + and million of the outstanding amount bore interest at a rate of Prime + 

 (3) Operating Facility includes a million accordion which allows for expansion of the facility to up to million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 

 (4) Subject to certain funding requirements 

 (5) Funding Facility II includes a million accordion which allows for expansion of the facility to up to million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. 

 (6) Weighted-average interest rate, excluding fees of or . 

4. Debt (continued) The combined weighted-average interest rates on total debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Commitment fees 

Total 

Outstanding debt is carried at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 , the estimated fair values of the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures approximated their carrying values, and the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes had estimated fair values of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the estimated fair values of the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures approximated their carrying values, and the 2022 Convertible Notes, the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes had estimated fair values of million, million and million, respectively. The estimated fair values of the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures were determined by discounting projected remaining payments using market interest rates for borrowings of the Company and entities with similar credit risks at the measurement date. The estimated fair values of the 2022 Convertible Notes, 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes were determined using market quotations. The estimated fair values of the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II, the 2022 Convertible Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the SBA Debentures as prepared for disclosure purposes were deemed to be Level 3 in the GAAP valuation hierarchy. Convertible Unsecured Notes On August 30, 2016, the Company issued million of convertible senior unsecured notes, which matured on . The 2022 Convertible Notes were general unsecured obligations of the Company, and ranked structurally junior to the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures. The Company did not have the right to redeem the 2022 Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The 2022 Convertible Notes bore interest at an annual rate of , paid semi-annually. In certain circumstances, the 2022 Convertible Notes could have been converted into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock (such combination to be at the Company s election), at an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per one thousand dollar principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilutional adjustments. The initial conversion price was approximately above the per share closing price of the Company s common stock on August 30, 2016. Prior to its maturity on March 1, 2022, the principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes exceeded the value of the conversion rate multiplied by the per share closing price of the Company s common stock. Therefore, additional shares were added to the calculation of diluted earnings per common share and weighted average common shares outstanding. The 2022 Convertible Notes were accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options . Upon conversion of any of the 2022 Convertible Notes, the Company intended to pay the outstanding principal amount in cash and, to the extent that the conversion value exceeds the principal amount, had the option to pay the excess amount in cash or shares of the Company s common stock (or a combination of cash and shares), subject to the requirements of the respective indenture. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company had determined that the embedded conversion options in 2022 Convertible Notes were not required to be separately accounted for as derivatives under GAAP. At the time of issuance the estimated values of the debt and equity components of the 2022 Convertible Notes were approximately and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective basis. In accordance with this guidance, the Company has recombined the equity conversion component of our 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding, and accounted for the 2022 Convertible Notes as a single liability measured at amortized cost. This resulted in a cumulative decrease to additional paid in capital of million, partially offset by a decrease to accumulated loss of million as of January 1, 2022 (see Note 2). Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 1, 2021, holders were permitted to convert their 2022 Convertible Notes only under certain circumstances set forth in the indenture governing the terms of the 2022 Convertible Notes. On or after September 1, 2021 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding March 1, 2022, holders may have converted their 2022 Convertible Notes at any time. Upon conversion, the Company would pay or deliver, as the case may be, at its election, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, subject to the requirements of the indenture. No notes were converted prior to the notes maturing on . 4. Debt (continued) The original issue discounts equal to the equity components of the 2022 Convertible Notes were recorded in paid-in capital in excess of par in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As a result, the Company records interest expense comprised of both stated interest and amortization of the original issue discounts. At the time of issuance, the equity components of the 2022 Convertible Notes were million. 

Original issue discount, net of accretion 
 
 NA 

() 

Carrying value of debt 
 
 NA 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of interest expense for the convertible notes were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Stated interest expense 

Amortization of original issue discount 

Total interest expense 

The estimated effective interest rate of the debt component of the 2022 Convertible Notes, equal to the stated interest of plus the accretion of the original issue discount, was approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 30, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 under the modified retrospective basis as of January 1, 2022. As a result of the adoption, the Company has t recognized any amortization of original discount on the 2022 Convertible Notes during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Note 2). Unsecured Notes On August 4, 2017, the Company issued million of unsecured notes that mature on , unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. On November 3, 2017, the Company issued an additional million of the 2022 Notes. The 2022 Notes bore interest at an annual rate of , payable , and all principal were due upon maturity. The 2022 Notes were general unsecured obligations of the Company and ranked structurally junior to the Operating Facility, Funding Facility I, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures, and ranked pari passu with the 2022 Convertible Notes, the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes. On September 17, 2021 and pursuant to the indenture governing the 2022 Notes, the Company redeemed all million of the 2022 Notes then outstanding at a price equal to par plus a make whole premium, and accrued and unpaid interest. In connection with the redemption, the Company recognized a million loss on extinguishment of debt as reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. On August 23, 2019, the Company issued million of unsecured notes that mature on , unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. On November 26, 2019, the Company issued an additional million of the 2024 Notes and on October 2, 2020, the Company issued an additional million of the 2024 Notes for a total outstanding aggregate principal amount of million. The 2024 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable , and all principal is due upon maturity. The 2024 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank structurally junior to the Operating Facility, Funding Facility I, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures, and rank pari passu with the 2026 Notes. The 2024 Notes may be redeemed in whole or part at the Company's option at a redemption price equal to par plus a make whole premium, as determined pursuant to the indenture governing the 2024 Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest. The 2024 Notes were issued at a discount to the principal amount. 4. Debt (continued) On February 9, 2021, the Company issued million of unsecured notes that mature on , unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. The 2026 Notes were issued at a discount to the principal amount. On August 27, 2021, the Company issued an additional million of the 2026 Notes, at a premium to par, for a total outstanding aggregate principal amount of million. The 2026 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable , and all principal is due upon maturity. The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank structurally junior to the Operating Facility, Funding Facility I, Funding Facility II and the SBA Debentures, and rank pari passu with the 2024 Notes. The 2026 Notes may be redeemed in whole or part at the Company's option at a redemption price equal to par plus a make whole premium, as determined pursuant to the indenture governing the 2026 Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest. 

Original issue (discount)/ premium, net of accretion 

() 

() 

Carrying value of debt 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components of interest expense for the 2022 Notes, 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 Notes 
 
 2024 Notes 

2026 Notes 

2022 Notes 

2024 Notes 

2026 Notes 

2022 Notes 

2024 Notes 

2026 Notes 

Stated interest expense 
 
 NA 

N/A 

Amortization of original issue discount/ (premium) 
 
 NA 

() 

() 

N/A 

Total interest expense 
 
 NA 

N/A 
 
 4. Debt (continued) 
 Operating Facility The Operating Facility consists of a revolving, multi-currency credit facility which provides for amounts to be drawn up to million, subject to certain collateral and other restrictions. The Operating Facility includes a million accordion feature which allows for expansion of the facility to up to million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. Most of the cash and investments held directly by SVCP, as well as the net assets of TCPC Funding, TCPC Funding II and the SBIC, are included in the collateral for the facility. On June 22, 2021, the Operating Facility was amended to (i) extend the maturity date by two years from to , (ii) change the interest rate applicable to borrowings to (a) LIBOR plus an applicable margin equal to either or , or (b) in the case of ABR borrowings, generally the prime rate in effect plus an applicable margin of either or depending on a ratio of the borrowing base to the facility commitments in both cases, and (iii) reduce commitment fees on the undrawn portion of the Operating Facility above the minimum utilization amount from per annum to per annum. Undrawn portions of the Operating Facility below the minimum utilization amount continued to accrue commitment fees at a rate of per annum until March 1, 2022, the date on which the March 2022 Convertible Notes were terminated in full, after which time they accrue at a rate of per annum. The Operating Facility may be terminated, and any outstanding amounts there under may become due and payable, should SVCP fail to satisfy certain financial or other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, SVCP was in full compliance with such covenants. Funding Facility I Funding Facility I was a senior secured revolving credit facility which provided for amounts to be drawn up to million, subject to certain collateral and other restrictions and had a maturity of . Borrowings under Funding Facility I bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus either or per annum, subject to certain funding requirements, plus an administrative fee of per annum. In addition to amounts due on outstanding debt, the facility accrued commitment fees of per annum on the unused portion of the facility, or per annum when the unused portion is greater than of the total facility, plus an administrative fee of per annum. The facility was terminated in August 2020 and replaced with Funding Facility II. Funding Facility II Funding Facility II is a senior secured revolving credit facility which provides for amounts to be drawn up to million, subject to certain collateral and other restrictions. The facility contains an accordion feature which allows for expansion of the facility to up to million subject to consent from the lender and other customary conditions. The cash and investments of TCPC Funding II are included in the collateral for the facility. Borrowings under Funding Facility II bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum, subject to certain funding requirements, plus a fee on drawn amounts and an administrative fee of per annum on the facility. The facility also accrues commitment fees of per annum on the unused portion of the facility. The facility may be terminated, and any outstanding amounts thereunder may become due and payable, should TCPC Funding II fail to satisfy certain financial or other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, TCPC Funding II was in full compliance with such covenants. 4. Debt (continued) SBA Debentures As of December 31, 2022 , the SBIC is able to issue up to million in SBA Debentures, subject to funded regulatory capital and other customary regulatory requirements. As of December 31, 2022 , SVCP had committed million of regulatory capital to the SBIC, all of which had been funded. SBA Debentures are non-recourse and may be prepaid at any time without penalty. Once drawn, the SBIC debentures bear an interim interest rate of LIBOR plus 30 basis points. The rate then becomes fixed at the time of SBA pooling, which occurs twice each year, and is set to the then-current treasury rate plus a spread and an annual SBA charge. 

Weighted-average interest rate 

5. Commitments, Contingencies, Concentration of Credit Risk and Off-Balance Sheet Risk (continued) 

Accordion Partners LLC 

N/A 

Accordion Partners LLC 

N/A 

Acquia, Inc. 

Alcami Corporation 

N/A 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. (AutoLenders) 

N/A 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II (48Forty) 

N/A 

AmeriLife Holdings, LLC 

N/A 

AmeriLife Holdings, LLC 

N/A 

Applause App Quality, Inc. 

Appriss Health, LLC (PatientPing) 

Aras Corporation 

Avalara, Inc. 

N/A 

Backoffice Associates Holdings, LLC (Syniti) 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (Ohio Transmission Corp.) 

BW Holding, Inc. (Brook Whittle) 

N/A 

Calceus Acquisition, Inc. (Cole Haan) 

N/A 

CareATC, Inc. 

N/A 

Certify, Inc. 

Colony Display, LLC 

N/A 

CSG Buyer, Inc. (Core States) 

N/A 

Bonterra LLC (fka CyberGrants Holdings, LLC) 

Dude Solutions Holdings, Inc. 

N/A 

Elevate Brands OpCo, LLC 

N/A 

Emerald Technologies (U.S.) AcquisitionCo, Inc. 

N/A 

ESO Solutions, Inc. 

Freedom Financial Network Funding, LLC 

N/A 

Fusion Holding Corp. (Finalsite) 

N/A 

Fusion Risk Management, Inc. 

N/A 

GC Champion Acquisition LLC (Numerix) 

N/A 

Grey Orange Incorporated 

N/A 

Greystone Select Company II, LLC (Passco) 

N/A 

GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 

N/A 

Homerenew Buyer, Inc. (Project Dream) 

ICIMS, Inc. 

N/A 

Integrate.com, Inc. (Infinity Data, Inc.) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 

N/A 

IT Parent, LLC (Insurance Technologies) 

James Perse Enterprises, Inc. 

Kaseya, Inc. 

Khoros, LLC (Lithium) 

Madison Logic Holdings, Inc. 

N/A 

OCM Luxembourg Baccarat BidCo S. R.L. (Interblock) (Slovenia) 

N/A 

Olaplex, Inc. 

N/A 

Opco Borrower, LLC (Giving Home Health Care) 

N/A 

Persado, Inc. 

N/A 

Peter C. Foy Associates Insurance Services, LLC (PCF Insurance) 

N/A 

PHC Buyer, LLC (Patriot Home Care) 

N/A 

Pluralsight, Inc. 

Porcelain Acquisition Corporation (Paramount) 

N/A 

Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC 

N/A 

Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC 

N/A 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany) 

Sailpoint Technologies Holdings, Inc. 

N/A 

Sandata Technologies, LLC 

N/A 

SellerX Germany Gmbh Co. Kg (Germany) 

SEP Eiger BidCo Ltd. (Beqom) (Switzerland) 

N/A 

SEP Raptor Acquisition, Inc. (Loopio) (Canada) 

SEP Vulcan Acquisition, Inc. (Tasktop) (Canada) 

N/A 

Spark Networks, Inc. 

N/A 

Streamland Media Midco LLC 

N/A 

Suited Connector, LLC 

SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S.A.R.L. (United Kingdom) 

N/A 

Superman Holdings, LLC (Foundation Software) 

Telarix, Inc. 

N/A 

Tempus, LLC (Epic Staffing) 

N/A 

5. Commitments, Contingencies, Concentration of Credit Risk and Off-Balance Sheet Risk (continued) 

Thras.io, LLC 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC 

N/A 

Xactly Corporation 

N/A 

Zendesk Inc. 

N/A 

Zilliant Incorporated 

Total Unfunded Balances 

such amounts were outstanding. From time to time, the Advisor advances payments to third parties on behalf of the Company and SVCP and receives reimbursement from the Company. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, amounts reimbursable to the Advisor totaled million and million, respectively, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Pursuant to an administration agreement between the Administrator and the Company (the Administration Agreement ), the Administrator may be reimbursed for costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator for office space rental, office equipment and utilities allocable to the Company, as well as costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator or its affiliates relating to any administrative, operating, or other non-investment advisory services provided by the Administrator or its affiliates to the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, expenses allocated pursuant to the Administration Agreement totaled million, million and million, respectively. 

7. Stockholders Equity and Dividends (continued) The following table summarizes the Company s dividends declared and paid for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Type 
 
 Amount Per Share 

Total Amount 

On February 24, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan (the Company Repurchase Plan to acquire up to million in the aggregate of the Company s common stock at prices at certain thresholds below the Company s net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the 1934 Act. The Company Repurchase Plan is designed to allow the Company to repurchase its common stock at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws. The Company Repurchase Plan requires an agent selected by the Company to repurchase shares of common stock on the Company s behalf if and when the market price per share is at certain thresholds below the most recently reported net asset value per share. Under the plan, the agent will increase the volume of purchases made if the price of the Company s common stock declines, subject to volume restrictions. The timing and amount of any stock repurchased depends on the terms and conditions of the Company Repurchase Plan, the market price of the common stock and trading volumes, and no assurance can be given that any particular amount of common stock will be repurchased. The Company Repurchase Plan was re-approved on October 27, 2022, to be in effect through the earlier of two trading days after the Company s fourth quarter 2022 earnings release unless further extended or terminated by the Company s Board of Directors, or such time as the approved million repurchase amount has been fully utilized, subject to certain conditions. shares were repurchased by the Company under the Company Repurchase Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Earnings (loss) per share 

() 

million repurchase amount has been fully utilized, subject to certain conditions. On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a first quarter dividend of p er share payable on to stockholders of record as of the close of business on . 

 136 
 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Investment operations: 

Net investment income before income taxes 

Excise taxes 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total from investment operations 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Cumulative effect adjustment for the adoption of ASU 2020-06 (7) 

Ordinary income dividends 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Tax basis returns of capital 

() 

() 

Dividends to common shareholders (9) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Per share NAV at end of period 

Per share market price at end of period 

Total return based on market value (1) 

() 

() 

Total return based on net asset value (2) 

() 

Shares outstanding at end of period 

Ratios to average common equity: 

Net investment income (3) 

Expenses before incentive fee (4) 

Expenses and incentive fee (5) 

Ending common shareholder equity 

Portfolio turnover rate 

Weighted-average debt outstanding 

Weighted-average interest rate on debt 

Weighted-average number of common shares 

Weighted-average debt per share 

Asset Coverage: 
 
 As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Debt 

Debt outstanding (6) 

Asset coverage per of debt outstanding (8) 

(1) Total return based on market value is calculated by determining the percentage change in market value per share during the period. 

 (2) Total return based on net asset value is calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value per share during the period, including incentive compensation and all Company expenses including interest and other debt costs. 

 (3) Net of incentive compensation and excise taxes. 

 (4) Includes interest and other debt costs but excludes excise taxes. 

 (5) Includes incentive compensation and all Company expenses including interest and other debt costs. 

 (6) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs which are netted in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

 (7) See Note 2 and 4 for further information related to the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

 (8) Excludes SBA Debentures. 

 10. Financial Highlights (continued) (9) Dividends to common shareholders include a tax return of capital of per share), per share), per share), per share), and per share) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

138 
 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2016 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2015 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2014 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2013 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2012 

N/A 

Preferred Interests 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2016 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2015 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2014 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2013 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2012 

N/A 

Funding Facility I 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2016 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2015 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2014 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2013 

N/A 

Funding Facility II 

Fiscal Year 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 

- 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 

N/A 

SBA Debentures 

Fiscal Year 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2016 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2015 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2014 

N/A 

2019 Convertible Notes 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2016 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2015 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2014 

N/A 

2022 Convertible Notes 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2016 

N/A 

2022 Notes 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2017 

N/A 
 
 11. Senior Securities (continued) 

2024 Notes 

Fiscal Year 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2019 

N/A 

2026 Notes 

Fiscal Year 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal Year 2021 

N/A 
 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented (in 1,000 s). 

 (2) The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by senior securities representing indebtedness. For the Operating Facility, Funding Facility I and Funding Facility II, the asset coverage ratio with respect to indebtedness is multiplied by to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. 

 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the voluntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The in this column indicates that the SEC expressly does not require this information to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

 (4) The Company's senior securities are not registered for public trading. 

140 

, LIBOR Floor, due 

Iracore Investments Holdings, Inc., Class A Common Stock 

() 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.), Class A Units 

() 

() 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.), Class A Warrants to Purchase Class A Units 

() 

() 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.), Class B Warrants to Purchase Class A Units 

() 

() 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, Series A Preferred Units 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, Series B-1 Common Units 

() 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, Series B-2 Common Units 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Notes to Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Non-Controlled Affiliates: (1) to of the issuers' voting securities. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

141 

BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 

36th Street Capital Partners Holdings, LLC, Senior Note, , due 

Anacomp, Inc., Class A Common Stock 

Conergy Asia ME Pte. Ltd., 1st Lien Term Loan, , due 

() 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited, Class B Shares 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited, Ordinary Shares 

Conventional Lending TCP Holdings, LLC, Membership Units 

() 

() 

() 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Bank Guarantee Credit Facility, , due 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Ordinary Shares 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Revolving Credit Facility, , due 

() 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Series B Preferred Shares 

Fishbowl, Inc., Senior Secured 1st Lien Term Loan, SOFR + , SOFR Floor, due 

Fishbowl INC., Common Membership Units 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Notes to Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Controlled Affiliates: (1) of the issuers' voting securities. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

142 

BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 
 , due 

() 

Edmentum Ultimate Holdings, LLC, Class A Common Units 

() 

() 

Iracore International Holdings, Inc., Senior Secured 1st Lien Term Loan, LIBOR + , LIBOR Floor, due 

Iracore Investments Holdings, Inc., Class A Common Stock 

() 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.), Class A Units 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.), Class A Warrants to Purchase Class A Units 

NEG Parent, LLC (CORE Entertainment, Inc.), Class B Warrants to Purchase Class A Units 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, Series A Preferred Units 

() 

() 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, Series B-1 Common Units 

TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, Series B-2 Common Units 

Total 

() 

to of the issuers' voting securities. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

143 

BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 

() 

() 

36th Street Capital Partners Holdings, LLC, Senior Note, , due 

() 

Anacomp, Inc., Class A Common Stock 

() 

Conergy Asia ME Pte. Ltd., 1st Lien Term Loan, , due 

() 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited, Class B Shares 

Conergy Asia Holdings Limited, Ordinary Shares 

Conventional Lending TCP Holdings, LLC, Membership Units 

() 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Bank Guarantee Credit Facility, , due 

() 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Ordinary Shares 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Revolving Credit Facility, , due 

() 

Kawa Solar Holdings Limited, Series B Preferred Shares 

Total 

() 

() 

Notes to Consolidated Schedule of Changes in Investments in Controlled Affiliates: (1) of the issuers' voting securities. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

144 

AGY Equity, LLC, Class B Preferred Units 

AGY Equity, LLC, Class C Common Units 

Autoalert Acquisition Co, LLC, Warrants to Purchase LLC Interests 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (OTC) Preferred Stock 

Elevate Brands OpCo LLC, Warrants for Common Stock 

Elevate Brands OpCo LLC, Warrants for Preferred Shares 

Fidelis (SVC) LLC, Series C Preferred Units 

FinancialForce.com, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series C Preferred Stock 

Foursquare Labs, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

GACP I, LP (Great American Capital), Membership Units 

GACP II, LP (Great American Capital), Membership Units 

GlassPoint, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

Hylan Datacom Electrical, LLC, Class A Units 

InMobi, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

InMobi, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock (Strike Price 

InMobi, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock (Strike Price 

Inotiv, Inc., Common Shares 

Nanosys, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

PerchHQ, Warrants for Common Units 

Plate Newco 1 Limited (Avanti), Common Stock 

Pico Quantitative Trading Holdings, LLC, Warrants to Purchase Membership Units 

Quora, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

Razor Group GmbH, Warrants to Purchase Preferred Series A1 Shares 

Razor Warrants 

ResearchGate Corporation., Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

SellerX Germany GMBH Co. KG,, Warrants to Purchase Preferred B Shares 

SnapLogic, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series Preferred Stock 

Soraa, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

SoundCloud, Ltd., Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

Tradeshift, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

Utilidata, Inc., Common Stock 

Utilidata, Inc., Series C Preferred Stock 

Utilidata, Inc., Series CC Preferred Stock 

WorldRemit Group Limited, Warrants to Purchase Series D Stock 

BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. Consolidated Schedule of Restricted Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers December 31, 2021 

AGY Equity, LLC, Class B Preferred Units 

AGY Equity, LLC, Class C Common Units 

Autoalert Acquisition Co, LLC, Warrants to Purchase LLC Interests 

Avanti Communications Group, PLC (144A), Senior New Money Initial Note, , due 

Avanti Communications Group, PLC (144A), Senior Second-Priority PIK Toggle Note, , due 

Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (OTC) Preferred Stock 

Envigo RMS Holding Corp., Common Stock 

Fidelis (SVC) LLC, Series C Preferred Units 

FinancialForce.com, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series C Preferred Stock 

Foursquare Labs, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock 

GACP I, LP (Great American Capital), Membership Units 

GACP II, LP (Great American Capital), Membership Units 

GlassPoint, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

InMobi, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

InMobi, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock (Strike Price 

InMobi, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series E Preferred Stock (Strike Price 

Nanosys, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

Pico Quantitative Trading Holdings, LLC, Warrants to Purchase Membership Units 

Quora, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

Razor Group GmbH (Germany), Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

ResearchGate Corporation., Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

SellerX Germany GMBH Co. KG,, Warrants to Purchase Preferred B Shares 

SnapLogic, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series Preferred Stock 

Soraa, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

SoundCloud, Ltd., Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 

Tradeshift, Inc., Warrants to Purchase Series D Preferred Stock 

Utilidata, Inc., Common Stock 

Utilidata, Inc., Series C Preferred Stock 

Utilidata, Inc., Series CC Preferred Stock 

Worldremit Group Limited (United Kingdom), Warrants to Purchase Series D Stock 

146 

Item 9 . Changes in Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None 
 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Form 

Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting which is set forth under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page 89 . 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B : Other Information. 
 None 
 Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable 
 147 

PART III 
 Item 10 . Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 11 . Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 148 

Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 a. Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

The following reports and consolidated financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 34) 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 92 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 93 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 94 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 95 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 96 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 115 

Consolidated Schedules of Changes in Investments in Affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 141 

Consolidated Schedules of Restricted Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 145 

149 

b. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (1) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (2) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (3) 

4.1 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee (4) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Global Note of 3.900 Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.1)(4) 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee(11) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Global Note of 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2019 (included in Exhibit 4.3)(11) 

4.5 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 6, 2016, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee(12) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Global Note of 4.625 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.5) (12) 

4.7 
 
 Indenture, dated as of August 11, 2017, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee(13) 

4.8 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 11, 2017, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee(14) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Global Note of 4.125 Notes Due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.8)(14) 

4.10 
 
 Description of Securities(15) 

4.11 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2021, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee(17) 

4.12 
 
 Form of Global Note of 2.850 due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.11)(17) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Investment Management Agreement By and Between Registrant and Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC(5) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Investment Management Agreement By and Between Special Value Continuation Partners, LP and Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC(6) 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Investment Management Agreement By and Between Registrant and Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC(7) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Administration Agreement of the Registrant(8) 

10.5 
 
 Custodial Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006(9) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Transfer Agency and Registrar Services Agreement(10) 

10.8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of Special Value Continuation Partners, LP dated January 29, 2018(16) 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 6, 2019(18) 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty, Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of May 6, 2019(19) 

10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 6, 2019(20) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 6, 2019(21) 

10.13 
 
 Incremental Commitment Agreement dated as of April 25, 2020(22) 

150 

10.14 
 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement dated as of August 4, 2020(23) 

10.15 
 
 Form of License Agreement (24) 

10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Amended Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (25) 

10.17 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement (26) 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 22, 2021(27) 

11. 
 
 Computation of Per Share Earnings (included in the notes to the financial statements contained in this report) 

12. 
 
 Computation of Ratios (included in the notes to the financial statements contained in this report) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S.C. 1350) 

99.1 
 
 The audited financial statements of 36th Street Capital Partners, LLC were not available as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. In accordance with Rule 3-09(b)(1) of Regulation S-X, our Form 10-K will be amended to include such financial statements within 90 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) to the Registrant s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-172669), on Form N-2, filed on May 13, 2011 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 2, 2018 

(3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 2, 2018 

(4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on August 23, 2019 

(5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 2, 2018 

(6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(8) to the Registrant s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-172669), on Form N-2, filed on May 13, 2011. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 12, 2019 

(8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(1) to the Registrant s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-172669), on Form N-2, filed on May 13, 2011. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-12G of Special Value Continuation Partners, LP (File No. 000-54393), filed May 6, 2011. 

(10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) to the Registrant s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-172669), on Form N-2, filed on March 5, 2012 

(11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2014. 

(12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2016. 

(13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(1) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-216716), on Form N-2, filed on August 11, 2017. 

(14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(4) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-216716), on Form N-2, filed on August 11, 2017. 

(15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q on May 11, 2020. 

(16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to Special Value Continuation Partner, LP s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2018. 

(17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2021. 

151 

(18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2019. 

(19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2019. 

(20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020. 

(21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020. 

(22) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020. 

(23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2020. 

(24) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021. 

(25) Incorporation by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s From 10-K filed on February 25, 2021. 

(26) Incorporation by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s From 10-K filed on February 25, 2021. 

(27) Incorporation by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s From 8-K filed on June 24, 2021. 

152 

SIGN ATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 
 BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Rajneesh Vig 

Name: 
 
 Rajneesh Vig 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Date 
 
 Signature 
 
 Title 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rajneesh Vig 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of 

Rajneesh Vig 
 
 the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Eric J. Draut 
 
 Director 

Eric J. Draut 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ M. Freddie Reiss 
 
 Director 

M. Freddie Reiss 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Peter E. Schwab 
 
 Director 

Peter E. Schwab 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Karyn L. Williams 
 
 Director 

Karyn L. Williams 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Andrea Petro 
 
 Director 

Andrea Petro 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Karen L. Leets 
 
 Director 

Karen L. Leets 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Erik L. Cuellar 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Erik L. Cuellar 

153 

<EX-21>
 2
 tcpc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Special Value Continuation Partners LLC 
 
 Delaware 

TCPC Funding I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

TCPC Funding II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

TCPC SBIC, LP 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 tcpc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 I, Rajneesh Vig, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Rajneesh Vig 

Rajneesh Vig 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 tcpc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 I, Erik L. Cuellar, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik L. Cuellar 

Erik L. Cuellar 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 tcpc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Rajneesh Vig, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Erik L. Cuellar, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Rajneesh Vig 

Rajneesh Vig 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik L. Cuellar 

Erik L. Cuellar 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. and will be retained by BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tcpc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 tcpc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tcpc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 tcpc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tcpc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

