<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1408534_0001408534-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18726417</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403564</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2359588</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8629073</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3609387</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3305727</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001408534-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316152339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001408534-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408534
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				260513559
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37621
		FILM NUMBER:		23738524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 EAST THOMAS STREET
		CITY:			HAMMOND
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		985-345-7685

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 EAST THOMAS STREET
		CITY:			HAMMOND
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001408534-23-000018.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 fgbi-20221231.htm
 10-K

fgbi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________. 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based upon the price from the last trade of 24.31. 
 
 As of March 15, 2023, there were issued and outstanding shares of the Registrant's Common Stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I . 
 Item 1 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B Unresolved SEC Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2 Properties 
 36 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Part II. Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 39 
 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 69 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 79 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 114 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 114 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 114 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 114 
 Part III. Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 115 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 115 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 115 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 115 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 115 
 Part IV. Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 118 

PART I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Congress passed the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995 in an effort to encourage corporations to provide information about their anticipated future financial performance. This act provides a safe harbor for such disclosure, which protects us from unwarranted litigation, if actual results are different from management expectations. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and reflects management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. The words "may," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "continue," "believe," "seek," "estimate", "future", "likely" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; risks related to our acquisition strategy, including the risk that the expected benefits of the pending acquisition of Lone Star Bank will not be realized; competition among depository and other financial institutions; inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; adverse changes in the securities markets; changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; our ability to successfully integrate acquired entities, if any; changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; changes in our financial condition or results of operations that reduce capital available to pay dividends; and changes in the financial condition or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own, which could cause our actual results and experience to differ from the anticipated results and expectations, expressed in such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 1 Business 
 
 Our Company 
 
 First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. ("First Guaranty") is a Louisiana corporation, and bank holding company headquartered in Hammond, Louisiana. Our wholly owned subsidiary, First Guaranty Bank (the "Bank"), a Louisiana state-chartered commercial bank, provides personalized commercial banking services mainly to Louisiana and Texas customers through 36 banking facilities primarily located in the metropolitan statistical areas ("MSAs"), of Hammond, Baton Rouge, Lafayette, Shreveport-Bossier City, Lake Charles, Alexandria, Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, Waco, Texas. First Guaranty expanded into Kentucky and West Virginia, our Mideast markets, in 2021 with loan and deposit production offices in Vanceburg, Kentucky. The Vanceburg location is now a branch of the bank. As discussed further below, we are subject to a pending acquisition that would expand our markets into Houston and the I-10 corridor west of Houston. 
 
 Our principal business consists of attracting deposits from the general public and local municipalities in our market areas and then investing those deposits. We also generate funds from operations, borrowings in lending and investing in securities. We serve the credit needs of our customer base, including commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, commercial leases, one- to four-family residential real estate loans, construction and land development loans, agricultural and farmland loans, and to a lesser extent, consumer and multifamily loans. We also participate in certain syndicated loans, including shared national credits, with other financial institutions. 
 
 We offer a variety of deposit accounts to consumers, small businesses and municipalities, including personal and business checking and savings accounts, time deposits and money market accounts. In addition, we offer a broad range of consumer services, including credit cards, mobile deposit capture, safe deposit boxes, official checks and automated teller machines. For our business customers we are pleased to offer additional solutions such as credit cards, merchant services, remote deposit capture, ACH origination, and lockbox services. First Guaranty continues to expand our digital services through an enhanced online banking system (including mobile app) which includes bill pay, budgeting tools, Biller Direct, Credit Aware powered by Savvy Money, and Card Swap. For our micro and small businesses, we offer Autobooks via our online banking channel. We remain committed to embracing new technology and strive to offer our customers new digital offerings as they are developed. 
 
 We invest a portion of our assets in securities issued by the United States Government and its agencies, state and municipal obligations, corporate debt securities, mutual funds, and equity securities. We also invest in mortgage-backed securities primarily issued or guaranteed by United States Government agencies or enterprises. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had consolidated total assets of 3.2 billion, total deposits of 2.7 billion and total shareholders' equity of 235.0 million. 

-4- 

Our History and Growth 
 
 First Guaranty Bank was founded in Amite, Louisiana on March 12, 1934. While the origins of First Guaranty Bank go back almost 90 years, we began our modern history in 1993 when an investor group, led by Marshall T. Reynolds, our Chairman, invested 3.6 million in First Guaranty Bank as part of a recapitalization plan with the objective of building a community-focused commercial bank in our Louisiana markets. Since the implementation of that recapitalization plan, we have grown from six branches and 159 million in assets at the end of 1993 to 36 locations currently and 3.2 billion in assets at December 31, 2022. We have also paid a quarterly dividend on our common stock for 118 consecutive quarters as of December 31, 2022. On July 27, 2007, we formed First Guaranty Bancshares and completed a one-for-one share exchange that resulted in First Guaranty Bank becoming the wholly-owned subsidiary of First Guaranty Bancshares (the "Share Exchange") and First Guaranty Bancshares becoming an SEC reporting public company. In November 2015, First Guaranty completed a public stock offering selling 626,560 shares and raising 9.3 million in net proceeds. In connection with the completion of the stock offering, First Guaranty's common shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market. 
 
 In 2021 we issued 34.5 million of preferred stock and depositary shares that trades on the Nasdaq Global Market. 
 
 Since our Share Exchange, we have supplemented our organic growth with four acquisitions, which added stable deposits that provided funding for our lending business and extended our geographic footprint in the Baton Rouge, Hammond, Alexandria, Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, and Waco MSAs. 
 
 The following table summarizes the four acquisitions: 
 Acquired Institution/Market Date of Acquisition Deal Value (dollars in thousands) Fair Value of Total Assets Acquired (dollars in thousands) Union Bancshares, Incorporated November 7, 2019 43,383 275,159 Alexandria MSA Premier Bancshares, Inc. June 16, 2017 20,954 158,313 Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington and Waco MSA Greensburg Bancshares, Inc. July 1, 2011 5,308 89,386 Baton Rouge MSA Homestead Bancorp, Inc. July 30, 2007 12,140 129,606 Hammond MSA 
 
 On January 6, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement with Lone Star Bank, a Texas state-chartered bank with its main office in Houston, Texas, pursuant to which we will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lone Star Bank common stock in exchange solely for shares of First Guaranty common stock through the merger of Lone Star Bank with and into First Guaranty Bank, with First Guaranty Bank surviving the merger. The proposed merger, if consummated, will expand our geographic footprint into the Greater Houston area, as well as westward along the I-10 corridor. 
 -5- 

Our Markets 
 
 Our primary market areas include the Louisiana MSAs of Hammond, Baton Rouge, Lafayette, Shreveport-Bossier City, Lake Charles and Alexandria along with the Texas MSAs of Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington and Waco. Most of our branches are located along the major Louisiana interstates of I-12, I-55, I-10, I-49 and I-20. We have four branches in the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area and one branch in Waco, Texas. We have a loan production office in Lake Charles, Louisiana. In 2021, First Guaranty expanded into Kentucky and West Virginia. We have a branch located in Vanceburg, Kentucky and a loan and deposit production office in Bridgeport, West Virginia that are not in MSAs. We refer to this region as our Mideast market. 
 
 Hammond MSA. We are headquartered in Hammond, Louisiana and approximately 40 of our deposits are in the Hammond MSA, our largest deposit concentration market. We had a deposit market share of 37.0 (at June 30, 2022) in the Hammond MSA, placing us first overall. Hammond is the principal city of the Hammond MSA, which includes all of Tangipahoa Parish, and is located approximately 50 miles north of New Orleans and 30 miles east of Baton Rouge. The Hammond MSA has a population of approximately 130,000. Hammond is intersected by I-55 and I-12, which are two heavily traveled interstate highways. As a result of Hammond's close proximity to New Orleans and Baton Rouge, Hammond and Tangipahoa Parish are among the fastest growing cities and Parishes in Louisiana. There is an abundance of new development, both commercial and residential, as well as numerous hotels which absorb overflowing demand for rooms near major events in New Orleans. Hammond is also the home of the main campus of Southeastern Louisiana University, with an enrollment of approximately 15,000 students. 
 
 The Hammond Northshore Regional Airport is a backup landing site for the Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport. The Louisiana National Guard maintains a 56-acre campus at the airport, which is home to the 1/244 th Air Assault Helicopter Battalion. Port Manchac, which provides egress via Lake Pontchartrain with the Gulf of Mexico, is located 15 miles south of Hammond. The Hammond Amtrak Station located in downtown Hammond is on Amtrak's City of New Orleans route, which runs from New Orleans to Chicago, Illinois. The combination of highway, air, sea and rail transportation has made Hammond a major transportation and commercial hub of Louisiana. Hammond hosts numerous warehouses and distribution centers, and is a major distribution point for Wal-Mart and Winn Dixie. 
 
 Baton Rouge MSA. Baton Rouge is the capital of Louisiana and the MSA has a population of approximately 831,000. As the capital city, Baton Rouge is the political hub for Louisiana. The state government is the largest employer in Baton Rouge. Baton Rouge is the farthest inland port on the Mississippi River that can accommodate ocean-going tankers and cargo carriers. As a result, Baton Rouge's largest industry is petrochemical production and manufacturing. The ExxonMobil facility in Baton Rouge is one of the largest oil refineries in the country. Baton Rouge also has a diverse economy comprised of healthcare, education, finance and motion pictures. The main campus of Louisiana State University, with an enrollment of approximately 31,000 students, and Southern University, with an enrollment of approximately 7,000 students, are located in Baton Rouge. 
 
 Our market areas in the Baton Rouge MSA also include the Livingston and St. Helena Parishes. Livingston Parish's growth is tied to Baton Rouge as it is a suburban community with many of its residents commuting to Baton Rouge for employment. The economy for St. Helena Parish is comprised primarily of forestry operations, construction, manufacturing, educational services, health care, and social assistance. 
 
 Lafayette MSA. Lafayette is Louisiana's fourth largest city and deposit market, and is located in the Lafayette-Acadiana region. The Lafayette MSA has a population of approximately 490,000. Its major industries include oil and gas, healthcare, construction, manufacturing and agriculture. With respect to agriculture, sugarcane and rice are the leaders among the plant producers within the area, with approximately 30,000 acres of sugarcane and 51,000 acres of rice plantings. Lafayette also has numerous beef producers and fisheries. We finance agricultural loans, predominately out of our Abbeville and Jennings branches, in Southwest Louisiana. Lafayette is home to the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, with an enrollment of approximately 19,000 students. 
 
 Shreveport-Bossier City MSA . Our primary market areas in northwest Louisiana are in the Bossier and Caddo Parishes, which are a part of the Shreveport-Bossier City MSA. The Shreveport and Bossier City MSA has a population of approximately 436,000. Shreveport and Bossier City are located in northern Louisiana on I-20, approximately 15 miles from the Texas state border and 185 miles east of Dallas, Texas. Our primary market area has a diversified economy with employment in services, government and wholesale/retail trade constituting the basis of the local economy, with service jobs being the largest component. The majority of the services are health care related as Shreveport has become a regional hub for health care. The casino gaming industry, with its Las Vegas-style gaming, year-round festivals and local dining, also supports a significant number of service jobs. The energy sector has a prominent role in the regional economy, resulting from oil and gas exploration and drilling. Bossier Parish is also the home to the Barksdale Air Force Base, which has 15,000 employees. 
 
 Lake Charles MSA . First Guaranty established a loan production office in Lake Charles, LA in 2018. Lake Charles is the fifth largest city in Louisiana. The Lake Charles MSA had a population of approximately 200,000. Its major industries include petrochemical, gambling, aircraft repair, and education. Lake Charles has been the fastest growing MSA in Louisiana. 
 
 Alexandria MSA. The Union acquisition expanded First Guaranty into the Alexandria MSA with branches in Rapides and Avoyelles parishes. Alexandria is the ninth largest city in Louisiana with a population of approximately 48,000 and is located along Interstate I-49. The Alexandria MSA has an overall population of approximately 150,000. 
 
 Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington MSA. The Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington MSA has a population of approximately 7.5 million people and is located in the heart of North Texas. The metroplex has a thriving economy that is well diversified. There are currently approximately 40 colleges and universities in the Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington MSA. Also, DFW International Airport is perfect for international commerce with its size and central location. We currently are operating four branches located in Fort Worth (Tarrant County), Denton (Denton County), McKinney (Collin County), and Garland (Dallas County). 
 
 -6- 

Waco MSA. The Waco MSA is located between the Dallas Forth Worth MSA and Austin, Texas with a population of approximately 272,000. The economy in the Waco MSA is also well diversified and has a small airport with regional service, although it is located around 100 miles from DFW International and Austin International Airports. Waco is the home of Baylor University with approximately 17,000 students. 
 
 Mideast Market . First Guaranty's branch in Vanceburg, Kentucky is located approximately 90 miles from Cincinnati, Ohio and 95 miles from Lexington, Kentucky. First Guaranty's office in Bridgeport, West Virginia is located approximately 35 miles from Morgantown, West Virginia and 105 miles from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 

-7- 

Our Strategy 
 
 Our mission is to increase shareholder value while providing services for and contributing to the growth and welfare of the communities that we serve. As home to "Fanatical Banking" our mission is to become the bank of choice for small business and consumer customers who are located in both metropolitan and rural markets. We desire to grow our market share along Louisiana's key interstate corridors of major interstates I-12, I-55, I-10, I-49 and I-20. We plan to continue expanding our Texas markets in Dallas Fort-Worth-Arlington and Waco both organically and through strategic acquisitions. We opened loan and deposit production offices in Vanceburg, Kentucky and Bridgeport, West Virginia in late 2021. The Vanceburg, Kentucky location opened as a branch in January 2023. This mission involves not only expanding our geographical footprint but also evolving as an institution and staying relevant while offering new ways of banking. To achieve all of this, we seek to implement the following strategies: 
 
 Continue to Increase Total Loans as a Percentage of Assets. We plan to continue to change our asset composition by growing our loan portfolio to increase our total loans as a percentage of our assets. Our loan to deposit ratio was 92.5 as of December 31, 2022. The growth in our loan portfolio has broadened our customer base, reduced our interest rate risk exposure to fixed rate investment securities, and helped us expand our net interest margin. We have invested in the internal development of our lending department along with the select addition of experienced lenders. We continue to upgrade our technology to efficiently handle both our loan and deposit customers. First Guaranty uses the nCino loan platform and a suite of online banking products delivered by Q2, a digital products company. 
 
 We intend to continue to grow our loan portfolio organically by targeting small and medium-sized businesses engaged in manufacturing, agriculture, petrochemicals, real estate, healthcare and other professional services. The recent expansion into the Mideast markets located in Kentucky and West Virginia should help us accelerate our loan portfolio growth. 
 
 Our commercial lending team is organized around our regional market areas of Louisiana, Texas, and the new Mideast markets in Kentucky and West Virginia. A senior experienced lender leads each market team and ensures that our lenders deliver timely service to customers, meet and exceed expectations of loan approval time, and broaden customer relationships through referrals. 
 
 We are expanding upon our successful small business lending program with a new emphasis on growing our SBA, USDA and commercial leasing lending programs. We have invested in training key personnel to focus on this market as we believe that SBA, USDA and commercial leasing loans can serve as new market opportunities for our Bank. We will continue to be a leading agricultural lender and grow our Farm Service Agency lending. 
 
 Over the last 15 years, we have pursued a focused program to participate in syndicated loans (loans made by a group of lenders, including us, who share or participate in a specific loan, which is typically secured by business assets or equipment, and also commercial real estate) with a larger regional financial institution as the lead lender. Our focus has been to finance middle market companies whose borrowing needs typically range from 25 million to 75 million. Syndicated loans diversify our loan portfolio, increase our yield and mitigate interest rate risk due to the variable rate pricing structure of the loans. We expect to continue our syndicated lending program, but our local loan originations remain our funding priority. 
 
 We intend to grow our consumer loan portfolio principally through our residential mortgage program. We intend to leverage our existing branch network to expand our retail lending. We have expanded our technology to make it easier for both individual and business customers to bank with us through mobile and internet banking. 
 
 Expand Individual and Business Deposits and Maintain our Public Funds Program. Our deposit strategy is focused on continuing to expand our individual and business deposit bases while maintaining our public funds deposit program. Our deposit strategy leverages off the market share dominance that we have in several of our markets, such as the Hammond MSA where we had a 37.0 deposit market share at June 30, 2022, placing us first overall. Our commercial and consumer lending teams focus on building business and individual deposits concurrent with loans. Our public funds department is dedicated to maintaining strong relationships with our well diversified base of public entities. We provide a variety of services to our public funds clients. Our public funds deposit program has provided us with a stable source of funding. We will continue to concentrate on keeping many of these funds under contract as we are often the fiscal agent for these governmental agencies which helps maintain this funding. 
 
 Maintain Strong Asset Quality. We emphasize a disciplined credit culture based on intimate market knowledge, close ties to our customers, sound underwriting standards and experienced loan officers. First Guaranty has taken pro-active measures to address the challenging operating environment that began following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. First Guaranty provided various loan relief measures as provided by the CARES Act such as loan payment deferrals and SBA Paycheck Protection loans (PPP) that were designed to assist business customers. First Guaranty continues to monitor its loan portfolio given the ongoing economic uncertainty. 
 
 -8- 

Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. Our strategy is to supplement our organic growth by executing a targeted and disciplined acquisition strategy of community banks and non-banking financial companies as opportunities arise. We have successfully integrated prior acquisitions as demonstrated by our acquisitions of Union Bancshares, Inc. in 2019, Premier Bancshares, Inc. in 2017, Greensburg Bancshares, Inc. in 2011 and Homestead Bancorp, Inc. in 2007. Our board of directors' broad experiences across many industries assists us in expanding our business. Our Chairman, Marshall T. Reynolds, has more than 40 years of experience in managing the growth of commercial banks both organically and through acquisitions throughout the United States. 
 
 We believe our ability to execute an acquisition strategy has been enhanced by our internal investments in the areas of operations, compliance, finance, credit and information technology that provide us with a scalable platform for growth. Our focus will be on targets with quality loan portfolios and a long-term deposit customer base, particularly those with high levels of consumer and retail checking accounts, low cost deposits and favorable market share. We intend to pursue opportunities that will be accretive to earnings, result in a tangible book value earn back of approximately three years, strengthen our franchise, and ultimately enhance shareholder value. 
 
 Seek Innovative Partnerships. We are committed to staying on top of the industry trends and continue to educate ourselves in the ways our customers want to do business. Creating partnerships with innovative companies will allow us to stay relevant and meet the needs of our current and new customers. We use the nCino platform to improve the management of our loan process. The expansion of our Q2 online banking platform has given us numerous opportunities to increase our offering of digital banking services to both consumer and commercial clients through strategic partners already aligned with this service. 
 
 -9- 

Lending Activities 
 
 We offer a broad range of loan and lease products with a variety of rates and terms throughout our market areas, including business loans to primarily small to medium-sized businesses and professionals, as well as loans to individuals. Our lending operations consist of the following major segments: non-farm, non-residential loans secured by real estate, commercial and industrial loans, one- to four-family residential loans, construction and land development loans, agricultural loans, farmland loans, commercial leases, consumer and other loans, and multifamily loans. 
 
 Non-Farm Non-Residential Loans . Non-farm non-residential loans are an integral part of our operating strategy. We expect to continue to emphasize this business line in the future with loans to small businesses and real estate projects in our market area. At December 31, 2022 loans secured by non-farm non-residential properties totaled 992.9 million, or 39.3 of our total loan portfolio. Our non-farm non-residential loans are secured by commercial real estate generally located in our market area, which may be owner-occupied or non-owner occupied. We may originate, participate in, or purchase real estate loans outside of our market area in order to diversify our portfolio. Our owner-occupied commercial real estate loans totaled 351.0 million, or 35.4 of total non-farm non-residential loans at December 31, 2022. Permanent loans on non-farm non-residential properties are generally originated in amounts up to 85 of the appraised value of the property for owner-occupied commercial real estate properties and up to 80 of the appraised value of the property for non- owner-occupied commercial real estate properties. We consider a number of factors in originating non-farm non-residential loans. We evaluate the qualifications and financial condition of the borrower (including credit history), profitability and expertise, as well as the value and condition of the mortgaged property securing the loan. We consider the financial resources of the borrower, the borrower's experience in owning or managing similar property and the borrower's payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, the factors we consider include the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service) to ensure that the borrower's net operating income together with the borrower's other sources of income is at least 125 of the annual debt service and the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the mortgaged property. We generally obtain personal guarantees from the borrower or a third party as a condition to originating commercial real estate loans. All non-farm non-residential loans are appraised by outside independent appraisers approved by the board of directors. 
 
 Our non-farm non-residential loans are diversified by borrower and industry group, and generally secured by improved property such as hotels, office buildings, retail stores, gaming facilities, warehouses, manufacturing facilities, church buildings and other non-residential buildings. Non-farm non-residential loans are generally made at rates that adjust above the prime rate as reported in the Wall Street Journal , that mature in three to five years and with principal amortization for a period of up to 20 years. We will also originate fixed-rate, non-farm non-residential loans that mature in three to five years with principal amortization of up to 20 years. We have also recently developed a fully amortizing loan product that will have periodic interest rate price resets. Our largest concentration of non-farm non-residential loans is secured by hotels, and such loans are generally made only to hotel operators known to management. We will finance the construction of the hotel project and upon completion the loan will convert to permanent financing with a balloon feature after three to five years. 
 
 Loans secured by non-farm non-residential real estate are generally larger and involve a greater degree of risk than residential real estate loans. The borrower's creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project is of primary concern in non-farm non-residential real estate lending. Loans secured by income properties are generally larger and involve greater risks than residential mortgage loans, because payments on loans secured by income properties are often dependent on the successful operation or management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to a greater extent than residential real estate loans to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans. Commercial and industrial loans totaled 385.3 million, or 15.3 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Commercial and industrial loans (excluding syndicated loans) are generally made to small and mid-sized companies located within Louisiana and Texas. We also participate in government programs which guarantee portions of commercial and industrial loans such as the SBA and USDA. During 2020 and 2021, First Guaranty participated in the Paycheck Protection Program or PPP loan program. In most cases, we require collateral of equipment, accounts receivable, inventory, chattel or other assets before making a commercial business loan. We have a dedicated staff within our credit department that monitors asset-based lending and regularly conducts reviews of borrowing based certificates, aging and inventory reports, and on-site audits. Our commercial term loans totaled 157.5 million at December 31, 2022, or 40.9 of total commercial and industrial loans. Our commercial and industrial maximum loan to value limit is 80 . Our commercial term loans are generally fixed interest rate loans, indexed to the prime rate, with terms of up to five years, depending on the needs of the borrower and the useful life of the underlying collateral. Our commercial lines of credit totaled 145.6 million at December 31, 2022, or 37.8 of total commercial and industrial loans. Typically, our commercial lines of credit are adjustable rate lines, indexed to the prime interest rate, which generally mature yearly or within three years. Our underwriting standards for commercial and industrial loans include a review of the applicant's tax returns, financial statements, credit history, the underlying collateral and an assessment of the applicant's ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan based on cash flow generated by the applicant's business. We generally obtain personal guarantees from the borrower or a third party as a condition to originating commercial and industrial loans. 

-10- 

Over the last 15 years, we pursued a focused program to participate in syndicated loans (loans made by a group of lenders, including us, who share or participate in a specific loan) with a larger regional financial institution as the lead lender. Syndicated loans are typically made to large businesses (which are referred to as shared national credits) or middle market companies (which do not meet the regulatory definition of shared national credits), both of which are secured by business assets or equipment, and also commercial real estate. The syndicate group for both types of loans usually consists of two to three other financial institutions. These loans are adjustable-rate loans generally tied to LIBOR. Our participation amounts typically range between 5.0 million and 15.0 million. Our focus has been to finance middle market companies whose borrowing needs typically range from 25.0 million to 75.0 million. Syndicated loans diversify our loan portfolio, increase our yield and mitigate interest rate risk due to the variable rate pricing structure of the loans. We have a defined set of credit guidelines that we use when evaluating these credits. Our credit department independently reviews all syndicate loans and our board of directors has created a special committee to oversee the underwriting and approval of these loans. At December 31, 2022, syndicated loans secured by assets other than commercial real estate totaled 61.8 million, or 16.1 of the commercial and industrial loan portfolio, of which 26.6 million were shared national credits. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans generally involve increased credit risk and, therefore, typically yield a higher return. The increased risk in commercial and industrial loans derives from the expectation that such loans generally are serviced principally from the operations of the business, and those operations may not be successful. Any interruption or discontinuance of operating cash flows from the business, which may be influenced by events not under the control of the borrower such as economic events and changes in governmental regulations, could materially affect the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. In addition, the collateral securing commercial and industrial loans generally includes movable property such as equipment and inventory, which may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate exposing us to increased credit risk. As a result of the foregoing, commercial and industrial loans require extensive administration and servicing. 
 
 One- to Four-Family Residential Real Estate Loans . At December 31, 2022, our one- to four-family residential real estate loans totaled 366.3 million, or 14.5 of our total loan portfolio. We originate one- to four-family residential real estate loans that are secured primarily by residential property in Louisiana and Texas. We generally originate loans in amounts up to 95 of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase price of the mortgaged property. We currently offer one- to four-family residential real estate loans with terms up to 30 years that are generally underwritten according to Fannie Mae guidelines, and we refer to loans that conform to such guidelines as "conforming loans". We generally originate fixed-rate mortgage loans in amounts up to the maximum conforming loan limits as established by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which at December 31, 2022 was 647,200 for single-family homes in our market area. At December 31, 2022, we held 29.3 million in jumbo loans that are greater than the conforming loan limit. We generally hold our one- to four-family residential real estate loans in our portfolio. We also originate one- to four-family residential real estate loans secured by non-owner occupied properties, but less frequently. Our fixed-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans include loans that generally amortize on a monthly basis over periods between 10 to 30 years with maturities that range from eight to 30 years. Fixed rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans often remain outstanding for significantly shorter periods than their contractual terms because borrowers have the right to refinance or prepay their loans. We do not offer one- to four-family residential real estate loans specifically designed for borrowers with sub-prime credit scores, including interest-only, negative amortization or payment option adjustable-rate mortgage loans. 
 
 Our one- to four-family loans also include home equity lines of credit that have second mortgages. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.4 million in home equity lines of credit, which represented 0.4 of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans. Our home equity products are originated in amounts, that when combined with the existing first mortgage loan, do not generally exceed 80 of the loan-to-value ratio of the subject property. 
 
 All of our one- to four-family residential mortgages include "due on sale" clauses, which are provisions giving us the right to declare a loan immediately payable if the borrower sells or otherwise transfers an interest in the property to a third party. 
 
 Property appraisals on real estate securing our single-family residential loans are made by state certified and licensed independent appraisers approved by the board of directors. Appraisals are performed in accordance with applicable regulations and policies. At our discretion, we obtain either title insurance policies or attorneys' certificates of title, on all first mortgage real estate loans originated. We also require fire and casualty insurance on all properties securing our one- to four-family residential loans. We also require the borrower to obtain flood insurance where appropriate. In some instances, we charge a fee equal to a percentage of the loan amount, commonly referred to as points. 
 
 Multifamily Loans. On occasion we will originate loans secured by multifamily real estate. At December 31, 2022, we had 119.8 million or 4.7 of our total loan portfolio in multifamily loans. Such loans may be either fixed- or adjustable-rate loans tied to the prime rate with terms to maturity up to five years and amortization schedules of up to 20 years. We will originate multifamily loans in amounts up to 80 of the value of the multifamily property. Nearly all of our multifamily loans are secured by properties in Louisiana and Texas. The underwriting of multifamily loans follows the general guidelines for our non-farm non-residential loans. 
 
 Loans secured by multifamily real estate generally involve a greater degree of credit risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan balances. This increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the effects of general economic conditions on income producing properties, and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. Furthermore, the repayment of loans secured by multifamily real estate typically depends upon the successful operation of the real estate property securing the loans. If the cash flow from the project is reduced, the borrower's ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 

-11- 

Construction and Land Development Loans . We offer loans to finance the construction of various types of commercial and residential property. At December 31, 2022, 233.1 million, or 9.2 of our total loan portfolio consisted of construction and land development loans. Construction loans to builders generally are offered with terms of up to 24 months and interest rates are tied to the prime lending rate. These loans generally are offered as fixed or adjustable-rate loans. We will originate residential construction loans for individual borrowers and builders, provided all necessary plans and permits have been obtained. Construction loan funds are disbursed as the project progresses. We will originate construction loans up to 80 of the estimated completed value of the project and we will originate land development loans in amounts up to 75 of the value of the property as developed. We will originate owner occupied one-to-four family residential construction loans up to 90 of the estimated completed value of the property. 
 
 Construction and land development financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan is dependent largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property's value at completion of construction and development and the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. During the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays and cost overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, we may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of the project. Additionally, if the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, we may be confronted, at or prior to the maturity of the loan, with a project having a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment. 
 
 Agricultural Loans. We are the leading lender for agricultural loans in our Southwest Louisiana market. Our agricultural lending includes loans to farmers for the purpose of cultivating rice, sugarcane, soybeans, timber, poultry and cattle. Agricultural loans are generally secured by crops, but may include additional collateral such as farm equipment or vehicles. Agricultural loans totaled 39.0 million, or 1.5 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Such loans are generally offered with fixed rates at a margin above prime for a term of generally one year. We will originate agricultural loans in those instances where the borrower's financial strength and creditworthiness has been established. Agricultural loans generally bear higher interest rates than residential loans, but they also may involve a higher risk of default since their repayment is generally dependent on the successful operation of the borrower's business. A large number of our originated agricultural loans are guaranteed by the U.S. Farm Service Agency. We generally obtain personal guarantees from the borrower or a third party as a condition to originating agricultural loans. 
 
 The underwriting standards used for agricultural loans include a determination of the borrower's ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan from normal cash flows generated in the borrower's business. The financial strength of each applicant also is assessed through review of financial statements and tax returns provided by the applicant. The creditworthiness of a borrower is derived from a review of credit reports as well as a search of public records. Once originated, agricultural loans are reviewed periodically. Financial statements are requested at least annually and are reviewed for substantial deviations or changes that might affect repayment of the loan. Loan officers also visit the premises of borrowers to observe the business premises, facilities, and personnel and to inspect the collateral. Underwriting standards for agricultural loans are different for each type of loan depending on the financial strength of the borrower and the value of collateral offered as security. 
 
 Farmland Loans. We originate first mortgage loans secured by farmland. At December 31, 2022, farmland loans totaled 24.8 million, or 1.0 of our total loan portfolio. Such loans are generally fixed-rate loans at a margin over the prime rate with terms up to five years and amortization schedules of up to 40 years. Loans secured by farmland may be made in amounts up to 80 of the value of the farm. However, we will originate farmland loans in amounts up to 100 of the value of the farm if the borrower is able to secure a guarantee from the U.S. Farm Service Agency. Generally, we obtain personal guarantees of the borrower on all loans secured by farmland. 
 
 Commercial Leases. We have a commercial lease program that we have operated for seven years. We work with third parties to facilitate the sourcing of lease financing opportunities. Commercial leases generally have higher yields and shorter average lives than real estate secured loans. The average size of our commercial leases was approximately 17.0 million at December 31, 2022 . Commercial leases totaled 317.6 million, or 12.6 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Consumer and Other Loans. We make various types of secured consumer loans that are collateralized by deposits, boats and automobiles as well as unsecured consumer loans. These loans totaled 47.9 million in aggregate, or 1.9 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Consumer loans generally have a fixed rate at a margin over the prime rate and have terms of three years to ten years. At December 31, 2022, 25.1 million of our consumer loans were unsecured. Our procedure for underwriting consumer loans includes an assessment of the applicant's credit history and ability to meet existing obligations and payments for the proposed loan, as well as an evaluation of the value of the collateral security, if any. 
 
 Consumer loans generally entail greater risk than other types of loans, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or are secured by assets that tend to depreciate in value, such as automobiles. As a result, consumer loan collections are primarily dependent on the borrower's continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. In these cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan, and the remaining value often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. 

-12- 

Loan Originations, Sales, Purchases and Participations. Loan originations are derived from a number of sources such as referrals from our board of directors, existing customers, borrowers, builders, attorneys and walk-in customers. We generally retain the loans that we originate in our loan portfolio and only sell loans infrequently. We had 80.4 million at December 31, 2022 in purchased loan participations that were not syndicated loans. We had 71.6 million in purchased loans, primarily secured by real estate, at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had 88.3 million in syndicated loans, of which 26.6 million were shared national credits. 
 
 Loan Approval Authority. We establish various lending limits for executive management and also maintain a loan committee comprised of our directors and management. Generally, loan officers have authority to approve secured loan relationships in amounts up to 150,000 and unsecured loan relationships in amounts up to 25,000, while Regional Managers and Presidents have secured loan approval authority up to 500,000 and unsecured approval authority up to 100,000. For loans exceeding a loan officer's approval authority, we utilize three methods for approvals: (1) credit officers, (2) Management Loan Committee, and (3) the Bank's director loan committee. Loan relationships between 500,000 and 1,500,000 are approved by a combination of credit officers and executive management. The management loan committee approves new money loans between 1,500,001 - 2,500,000. The director loan committee approves loan relationships of between 2,500,001 and up to 20.0 million. Syndicated loans and commercial leases are approved by the Bank's director loan committee in amounts up to 20.0 million . Any loan relationship exceeding 20.0 million requires the approval of the board of directors. 
 
 Our lending activities are also subject to Louisiana statutes and internal guidelines limiting the amount we can lend to any one borrower. Subject to certain exceptions, under Louisiana law the Bank may not lend on an unsecured basis to any single borrower (i.e., any one individual or business entity and his or its affiliates) an amount in excess of 20 of the sum of the Bank's capital stock and surplus, or on a secured basis an amount in excess of 50 of the sum of the Bank's capital stock and surplus. At December 31, 2022, our secured legal lending limit was approximately 108.6 million and our unsecured legal lending limit was approximately 43.4 million. 
 
 Deposit Products 
 
 Consumer and commercial deposits are attracted principally from within our primary market area through the offering of a selection of deposit instruments including noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing demand, savings accounts and time accounts. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit, and the interest rate. At December 31, 2022, we held 2.7 billion in deposits. 
 
 We actively seek to obtain public funds deposits. At December 31, 2022, public funds deposits totaled 1.1 billion. We have developed a program for the retention and management of public funds deposits. These deposits are from local government entities such as school districts, hospital districts, sheriff departments and other municipalities. The majority of these deposits are under contractual terms of up to three years. Deposits under fiscal agency agreements are generally stable but public entities may maintain the ability to negotiate term deposits on a specific basis including with other financial institutions. These deposits generally have stable balances as we maintain both operating accounts and time deposits for these entities. There is a seasonal component to public deposit levels associated with annual tax collections. Public funds will increase at the end of the year and during the first quarter. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, there are monthly fluctuations associated with internal payroll and short-term tax collection accounts for our public funds deposit accounts. Public funds clients received funds associated with the CARES Act during 2021 and 2022 which increased average balances. These balances from CARES Act relief funds are anticipated to decline over time. Public funds deposit accounts are collateralized by FHLB letters of credit, reciprocal deposit insurance programs, Louisiana municipal bonds and eligible government and government agency securities such as those issued by the FHLB, FFCB, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac. 
 
 The interest rates paid by us on deposits are set at the direction of our executive management. Interest rates are determined based on our liquidity requirements, interest rates paid by our competitors, and our growth goals and applicable regulatory restrictions and requirements. At December 31, 2022, we had 20.3 million in brokered deposits the majority of which were in reciprocal deposit programs. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Our investment policy is to provide a source of liquidity, to provide an appropriate return on funds invested, to manage interest rate risk and to meet pledging requirements for our public funds and other borrowings. Our investment securities consist of: (1) U.S. Treasury obligations; (2) U.S. government agency obligations; (3) mortgage-backed securities; (4) collateralized mortgage obligations; (5) corporate and other debt securities and (6) municipal bonds. Our U.S. Government agency securities comprise the largest share of our investment securities, having a fair value of 195.5 million all of which were classified as held to maturity at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Bank's management asset liability committee and board investment committee are responsible for regular review of our investment activities and the review and approval of our investment policy. These committees monitor our investment securities portfolio and direct our overall acquisition and allocation of funds, with the goal of structuring our portfolio such that our investment securities provide us with a stable source of income but without exposing us to an excessive degree of market risk. During the last five years, our securities portfolio has generated 63.2 million of pre-tax income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had no security with an other than temporary impairment recognized. 

-13- 

Competition 
 
 We face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. Our market areas in Louisiana, Texas, Kentucky and West Virginia have a high concentration of financial institutions, many of which are branches of large money center, super-regional and regional banks that have resulted from consolidation of the banking industry in Louisiana, Texas, Kentucky and West Virginia. Many of these competitors have greater resources than we do and may offer services that we do not provide, including more attractive pricing than we offer and more extensive branch networks for which they can offer their financial products. 
 
 Our larger competitors have a greater ability to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns through their greater capital resources. Our marketing efforts depend heavily upon referrals from officers, directors and shareholders, selective advertising in local media and direct mail solicitations. We compete for business principally on the basis of personal service to customers, customer access to our officers and directors and competitive interest rates and fees. We also offer new technologies such as our mobile app and mobile check deposit for consumers and remote deposit capture for commercial customers. 
 
 In the financial services industry in recent years, intense market demands, technological and regulatory changes and economic pressures have eroded industry classifications that were once clearly defined. Financial institutions have been forced to diversify their services, increase rates paid on deposits and become more cost effective as a result of competition with one another and with new types of financial services companies, including non-banking competitors. Some of the results of these market dynamics in the financial services industry have been a number of new bank and non-bank competitors, increased merger activity, and increased customer awareness of product and service differences among competitors. These factors could affect our business prospects. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 First Guaranty Bank recently reached the milestone of 89 years in operation, and throughout our history, we have worked to build and grow trust and relationships, operating with a strong commitment to the welfare of our customers and communities. Our workforce drives this success and longevity. Our employees are our most valuable asset. They are the face and voice of our institution. At First Guaranty we promote respect, support, and teamwork. Honesty, integrity, and fairness are paramount in all that we do. We actively recruit new employees who operate by these core values, and we continue to instill and promote these principles. We also work to cultivate professionalism, dedication, and an environment of openness, where all can contribute new ideas and innovations. This culture results in employees with passion, drive, and a deep commitment to our customers and communities. The Bank was named the number one Best Small Bank in the United States for the third consecutive year by Newsweek in its America s Best Banks survey. We thank our employees for this distinction. 
 
 We strive to be socially responsible corporate citizens by supporting our communities and helping them to improve. Our employees are actively involved, volunteering with local charitable organizations, and helping during times of need, such as in the aftermath of hurricanes and other natural disasters. In 2022 our employees volunteered over 2,960 hours of service across Louisiana, in Texas, and in our newest market, the Mideast market in West Virginia and Kentucky. Employees serve both in their personal time and during work hours. In furtherance of our employees commitment to service, the Bank contributed over 600,000 in 2022 to charitable organizations in our communities. 
 
 Our employees personal and professional growth is important to First Guaranty Bank. We offer comprehensive compensation and benefits packages to our employees including a 401(k) Plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health and childcare flexible spending accounts, and paid vacation and sick time. First Guaranty also provides tuition reimbursement for employees and support for continuing education and advanced certifications. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workplace diversity, inclusion, equity, and opportunity for everyone. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 465 full-time and 34 part-time employees. None of our employees is represented by a collective bargaining group or are parties to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relations with our employees are very good. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Other than our wholly-owned bank subsidiary, First Guaranty Bank, we have no subsidiaries. 
 
 -14- 

Supervision and Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 First Guaranty Bank is a Louisiana-chartered commercial bank and is the wholly-owned subsidiary of First Guaranty Bancshares, a Louisiana-chartered bank holding company. First Guaranty Bank's deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. First Guaranty Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions (the "OFI"), as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, its primary federal regulator and deposit insurer. First Guaranty Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the OFI concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. As a registered bank holding company, First Guaranty Bancshares is regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 The regulatory and supervisory structure establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the deposit insurance funds, rather than for the protection of shareholders and creditors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies concerning the establishment of deposit insurance assessment fees, classification of assets and establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulatory requirements and policies, whether by the Louisiana legislature, the OFI, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or the United States Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition and results of operations of First Guaranty Bancshares and First Guaranty Bank. 
 
 Set forth below is a summary of certain material statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to First Guaranty Bancshares and First Guaranty Bank. The summary is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on First Guaranty Bancshares and First Guaranty Bank. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed bank regulation and has affected the lending, investment, trading and operating activities of depository institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) with extensive powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit "unfair, deceptive or abusive" acts and practices. 
 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 
 On May 24, 2018, The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (the EGRRCPA was enacted, which repeals or modifies certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eases regulations on all but the largest banks. The EGRRCPA s provisions include, among other things: (i) exempting banks with less than 10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans held in portfolio; (ii) not requiring appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas; (iii) exempting banks that originate fewer than 500 open-end and 500 closed-end mortgages from HMDA s expanded data disclosures; (iv) clarifying that, subject to various conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained using a deposit broker through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC s brokered-deposit regulations; (v) raising eligibility for the 18-month exam cycle from 1 billion to banks with 3 billion in assets; and (vi) simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to establish for institutions under 10 billion in assets a community bank leverage ratio at a percentage not less than 8 and not greater than 10 that such institutions may elect to replace the general applicable risk-based capital requirements for determining well-capitalized status. In addition, the law required the Federal Reserve Board to raise the asset threshold under its Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from 1 billion to 3 billion for bank or savings and loan holding companies that are exempt from consolidated capital requirements, provided that such companies meet certain other conditions such as not engaging in significant nonbanking activities. 
 
 -15- 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act 
 
 The CARES Act, which became law on March 27, 2020, provided over 2 trillion to combat the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and stimulate the economy. The law had several provisions relevant to financial institutions, including: 
 
 Allowing institutions not to characterize loan modifications relating to the COVID-19 pandemic as a troubled debt restructuring and also allowing them to suspend the corresponding impairment determination for accounting purposes; 
 
 Temporarily reducing the community bank leverage ratio alternative available to institutions of less than 10 billion of assets to 8 . The ratio increased to 8.5 for 2021 and reverted to 9 thereafter; 
 
 The establishment of the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ), a specialized low-interest forgivable loan program funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and administered through the SBA s 7(a) loan guaranty program to support businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 
 The ability of a borrower of a federally-backed mortgage loan (VA, FHA, USDA, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae) experiencing financial hardship due, directly or indirectly, to the COVID-19 pandemic, to request forbearance from paying their mortgage by submitting a request to the borrower s servicer affirming their financial hardship during the COVID-19 emergency. Such a forbearance could be granted for up to 180 days, subject to extension for an additional 180-day period upon the request of the borrower. During that time, no fees, penalties or interest beyond the amounts scheduled or calculated as if the borrower made all contractual payments on time and in full under the mortgage contract could accrue on the borrower s account. Except for vacant or abandoned property, the servicer of a federally-backed mortgage was prohibited from taking any foreclosure action, including any eviction or sale action, for not less than the 60-day period beginning March 18, 2020, which period was subsequently extended several times by federal mortgage-backing agencies prior to its expiration in 2021. 
 
 Louisiana Bank Regulation 
 
 As a Louisiana-chartered bank, First Guaranty Bank is subject to the regulation and supervision of the OFI. Under Louisiana law, First Guaranty Bank may establish additional branch offices within Louisiana, subject to the approval of OFI. After the Dodd-Frank Act, we can also establish additional branch offices outside of Louisiana, subject to prior regulatory approval, as long as the laws of the state where the branch is to be located would permit such expansion. In addition, First Guaranty Bank is the primary source of First Guaranty's dividend payments, and its ability to pay dividends will be subject to any restrictions applicable to the Bank. Under Louisiana law, a Louisiana bank may not pay cash dividends unless the bank has unimpaired surplus equal to 50 of its outstanding capital stock, both before and after giving effect to the dividend payment. Subject to satisfying such requirement, First Guaranty Bank may pay dividends to First Guaranty without the approval of the OFI so long as the amount of the dividend does not exceed its net profits earned during the current year combined with its retained earnings for the immediately preceding year. The OFI must approve any proposed dividend in excess of this threshold. 
 
 Federal Regulations 
 
 Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets of 8 , and a 4 Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. 
 
 For purposes of the regulatory capital requirements, common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders' equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions such as First Guaranty Bank, that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ("AOCI"), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available for sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 
 
 In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one-to four-family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 
 
 In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a "capital conservation buffer" consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asset above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 
 In assessing an institution's capital adequacy, the FDIC takes into consideration, not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary. 
 -16- 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the EGRRCPA, the FDIC finalized a rule, effective January 1, 2020, that established a community bank leverage ratio (tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) at 9 for institutions under 10 billion in assets that such institutions may elect to utilize in lieu of the general applicable risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. Such institutions that meet the community bank leverage ratio and certain other qualifying criteria will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized. The CARES Act required that the community bank leverage ratio be temporarily lowered to 8 . The federal regulators issued a rule making the reduced ratio effective for the second quarter of 2020. Another rule was issued to transition back to the 9 community bank leverage ratio by increasing the ratio to 8.5 for calendar year 2021 and to 9 thereafter. Eligible institutions may opt into and out of the community bank ratio framework on their quarterly call report. First Guaranty Bank did not elect to follow the community bank leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, First Guaranty Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was considered to be well-capitalized based on FDIC guidelines. 
 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies have adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit system, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, compensation, fees and benefits and, more recently, safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. 
 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations. The federal banking agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending, which outlines their expectations for managing concentration risks. The guidance provides that an institution has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multi-family and non-farm residential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 300 or more of total capital and the outstanding balance of such loans has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices including board and management oversight and strategic planning, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing and increasing capital requirements. First Guaranty Bank is subject to these regulations. 
 
 Business and Investment Activities. Under federal law, all state-chartered FDIC-insured banks have been limited in their activities as principal and in their equity investments to the type and the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law. Federal law permits exceptions to these limitations. For example, certain state-chartered banks may, with FDIC approval, continue to exercise state authority to invest in common or preferred stocks listed on a national securities exchange and in the shares of an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The maximum permissible investment is the lesser of 100.0 of Tier 1 capital or the maximum amount permitted by Louisiana law. 
 
 The FDIC is also authorized to permit state banks to engage in state authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if they meet all applicable capital requirements and it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the FDIC insurance fund. The FDIC has adopted regulations governing the procedures for institutions seeking approval to engage in such activities or investments. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 specified that a state bank may control a subsidiary that engages in activities as principal that would only be permitted for a national bank to conduct in a "financial subsidiary," if a bank meets specified conditions and deducts its investment in the subsidiary for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take "prompt corrective action" with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 
 An institution is deemed to be "well capitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is "adequately capitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is "undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be "critically undercapitalized" if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 

-17- 

"Undercapitalized" banks must adhere to growth, capital distribution (including dividend) and other limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. A bank's compliance with such a plan must be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5 of the institution's total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an "undercapitalized" bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is "significantly undercapitalized." "Significantly undercapitalized" banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional measures, including, but not limited to, a required sale of sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, a requirement to reduce total assets, cessation of taking deposits from correspondent banks, the dismissal of directors or officers and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. "Critically undercapitalized" institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Guaranty Bank was considered well-capitalized. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties. Transactions between a bank and its affiliates are limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, applicable to FDIC-insured state nonmember banks by Section 18(j) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and its implementing regulations. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank holding company and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in "covered transactions" with any one affiliate to 10 of such institution's capital stock and surplus and contain an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20 of such institution's capital stock and surplus. The term "covered transaction" includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, issuance of a guarantee and similar transactions. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with specified requirements. The law also requires that affiliate transactions be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the institution, as those provided to non-affiliates. 
 
 First Guaranty Bank's authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, applicable to FDIC-insured state nonmember banks by Section 18(j) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board, generally applicable to FDIC-supervised institutions by Section 337.3 of the FDIC Rules and Regulations. Among other things, these provisions generally require that extensions of credit to insiders: 
 be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and 
 not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of First Guaranty Bank's capital. 
 
 In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by First Guaranty Bank's board of directors. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional limits based on the type of extension involved. 
 
 Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state banks, including First Guaranty Bank. That enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. The FDIC also has authority under federal law to appoint a conservator or receiver for an insured bank under certain circumstances. The FDIC is required, with certain exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state non-member bank if that bank was "critically undercapitalized" on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on which the institution became "critically undercapitalized." 
 
 Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions is 250,000 per depositor. 
 
 Assessments for most insured depository institutions are now based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of failure within three years. The assessment range (inclusive of possible adjustments) is for institutions of First Guaranty Bank s size 1.5 basis points to 30 basis points. 
 
 The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. Any significant increases would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of First Guaranty Bank. Management cannot predict what assessment rates will be in the future. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not currently know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), a bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution's discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to establish or acquire branches and merger with other depository institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC to provide a written evaluation of an institution's CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. First Guaranty Bank's latest FDIC CRA rating, dated September 24, 2019, was "satisfactory." 
 -18- 

Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Board regulations require banks to maintain non interest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) and regular checking accounts). In March 2020, due to a change in its approach to monetary policy due to COVID-19, the Federal Reserve Board issued an interim rule to amend Regulation D requirements and reduce reserve requirement ratios to zero. The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements, but may do so in the future if conditions warrant. 
 
 FHLB System. First Guaranty Bank is a member of the FHLB System, which consists of eleven regional FHLBs. The FHLB System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions as well as other entities involved in home mortgage lending. As a member of the FHLB of Dallas, First Guaranty Bank is required to acquire and hold a specified amount of shares of capital stock in the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, First Guaranty Bank was in compliance with this requirement. 
 
 -19- 

Other Regulations 
 
 Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by First Guaranty Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. First Guaranty Bank's operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 
 Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, requiring that borrowers for mortgage loans for one-to four-family residential real estate receive various disclosures, including good faith estimates of settlement costs, lender servicing and escrow account practices, and prohibiting certain practices that increase the cost of settlement services; 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 
 Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 
 Truth in Savings Act; and 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 
 
 The operations of First Guaranty Bank also are subject to the: 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers' rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; 
 Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as "Check 21"), which gives "substitute checks," such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 
 USA PATRIOT Act, which requires banks operating to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution's privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to "opt out" of the sharing of certain personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. 

-20- 

Holding Company Regulation 
 
 As a bank holding company, First Guaranty is subject to examination, regulation, and periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, as administered by the Federal Reserve Board. We are required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior Federal Reserve Board approval would be required for us to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. 
 
 A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in, or acquiring, direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be closely related to banking are: (1) making or servicing loans; (2) performing certain data processing services; (3) providing securities brokerage services; (4) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (5) leasing personal or real property under certain conditions; (6) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (7) acquiring a savings association. 
 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorizes a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including depository institutions subsidiaries that are "well capitalized" and "well managed," to opt to become a "financial holding company." A "financial holding company" may engage in a broader array of financial activities than permitted a typical bank holding company. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. First Guaranty has elected "financial holding company" status. 
 
 Bank holding companies with greater than 3 billion in total consolidated assets are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements. We are not subject to the Federal Reserve Board's consolidated capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies as we did not have more than 3.0 billion in total assets as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 A bank holding company is generally required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company's consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted an exception to that approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve Board's policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization's capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board's policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by using available resources to provide capital funds during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength policy. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. Federal Reserve Board guidance provides for consultation with and supervisory review by the Federal Reserve Board prior to the payment of dividends or stock redemptions or repurchases under certain circumstances. These regulatory policies could affect our ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares of our common stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 
 We are affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve System. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on our business or financial condition. 
 
 Federal Securities Laws 
 
 First Guaranty's common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. First Guaranty is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify that our quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to ensure compliance with these regulations. 

-21- 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in shares of our common stock involves substantial risks. You should carefully consider, among other matters, the factors set forth below as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the risks described herein develop into actual events, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Lending 
 
 Adverse events in Louisiana and Texas, where our business is concentrated, along with our new Mideast markets in Kentucky and West Virginia could adversely affect our results of operations and future growth. 
 
 Our business, the location of our branches and the real estate used as collateral on our real estate loans are primarily concentrated in Louisiana and North Central Texas. We anticipate continued future loan growth in our new Mideast markets located in Kentucky and West Virginia. At December 31, 2022, approximately 80.4 of the secured loans in our loan portfolio were secured by real estate and other collateral located in our market area. As a result, we are exposed to risks associated with a lack of geographic diversification. The occurrence of an economic downturn in Louisiana and North Central Texas, or adverse changes in laws or regulations in Louisiana and Texas could impact the credit quality of our assets, the businesses of our customers and our ability to expand our business. Our success significantly depends upon the growth in population, income levels, deposits and housing in our market area. If the communities in which we operate do not grow or if prevailing economic conditions locally or nationally are unfavorable, our business may be negatively affected. 
 
 Material fluctuations in the price of oil and gas could adversely affect our business. At December 31, 2022, approximately 119.9 million, or 4.8 of our total loan portfolio was comprised of loans to businesses engaged in support or service activities for oil and gas operations. At December 31, 2022 we had 57.5 million in unfunded loan commitments related to these businesses. In addition, the market value of the real estate securing loans as collateral could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions. Adverse developments affecting commerce or real estate values in the local economies in our primary market areas could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. In addition, substantially all of our loans are to individuals and businesses in Louisiana and North Central Texas. Our business customers may not have customer bases that are as diverse as businesses serving regional or national markets. Consequently, any decline in the economy of our market area could have an adverse impact on our revenues and financial condition. In particular, we may experience increased loan delinquencies, which could result in a higher provision for loan losses and increased charge-offs. Any sustained period of increased non-payment, delinquencies, foreclosures or losses caused by adverse market or economic conditions in our market area could adversely affect the value of our assets, revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have a significant number of loans secured by real estate, and a downturn in the local or national real estate market could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 68.7 of our total loan portfolio was secured by real estate, most of which is located in Louisiana and North Central Texas. Future declines in the real estate values in our Louisiana and North Central Texas markets could significantly impair the value of the particular collateral securing our loans and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure for an amount necessary to satisfy the borrower's obligations to us. First Guaranty may participate in or purchase real estate loans located outside of our traditional markets which may be affected by national or other localized market trends. This could require increasing our allowance for credit losses to address the decrease in the value of the real estate securing our loans which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Our loan portfolio consists of a high percentage of loans secured by non-farm non-residential real estate. These loans carry a greater credit risk than loans secured by one- to four-family properties. 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes non-farm non-residential real estate loans, primarily loans secured by commercial real estate such as office buildings, hotels and retail facilities. At December 31, 2022, our non-farm non-residential loans totaled 992.9 million, or 39.3 of our total loan portfolio. Our non-farm non-residential real estate loans expose us to greater risk of nonpayment and loss than one- to four-family family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation and income stream of the borrowers. If we foreclose on these loans, our holding period for the collateral typically is longer than for a one- to four-family residential property because there are fewer potential purchasers of the collateral. In addition, non-farm non-residential real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one- to four-family residential loans. Accordingly, charge-offs on non-farm non-residential loans may be larger on a per loan basis than those incurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios. An unexpected adverse development on one or more of these types of loans can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential mortgage loan. 

-22- 

A portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial and industrial loans secured by accounts receivables, inventory, equipment or other commercial collateral, the deterioration in value of which could increase the potential for future losses. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 385.3 million, or 15.3 of our total loans, was comprised of commercial and industrial loans to businesses collateralized by general business assets including, among other things, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment and generally backed by a personal guaranty of the borrower or principal. These commercial and industrial loans are typically larger in amount than loans to individuals and, therefore, have the potential for larger losses on a single loan basis. Additionally, the repayment of commercial and industrial loans is subject to the ongoing business operations of the borrower. The collateral securing such loans generally includes movable property such as equipment and inventory, which may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate, or may be difficult to market and sell, exposing us to increased credit risk. Significant adverse changes in the economy or local market conditions in which our commercial lending customers operate could cause rapid declines in loan collectability and the values associated with general business assets, resulting in inadequate collateral coverage that may expose us to credit losses and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial leases secured by equipment or other commercial collateral, the deterioration in value of which could increase the potential for future losses. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 317.6 million, or 12.6 of our total loans, was comprised of commercial leases. These commercial leases are typically larger in amount than loans to individuals and, therefore, have the potential for larger losses on a single loan basis. Additionally, the repayment of commercial leases is subject to the ongoing business operations of the borrower. The collateral securing leases includes equipment and other assets which may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate, or may be difficult to market and sell, exposing us to increased credit risk. Significant adverse changes in the economy or local market conditions in which our commercial leasing customers operate could cause rapid declines in loan collectability and the values associated with lease assets, resulting in inadequate collateral coverage that may expose us to credit losses and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A portion of our loan portfolio consists of syndicated loans, including syndicated loans known as shared national credits, secured by assets located generally outside of our market area. Syndicated loans may have a higher risk of loss than other loans we originate because we are not the lead lender and we have limited control over credit monitoring. 
 
 Over the last 15 years, we have pursued a focused program to participate in select syndicated loans (loans made by a group of lenders, including us, who share or participate in a specific loan) with a larger regional financial institution as the lead lender. Syndicated loans are typically made to large businesses (which are referred to as shared national credits) or middle market companies (which do not meet the regulatory definition of shared national credits), both of which are secured by business assets or equipment, and commercial real estate located generally outside of our market area. The syndicate group for both types of loans usually consists of two to three other financial institutions. First Guaranty's commitment typically ranges between 5.0 million to 15.0 million. At December 31, 2022, we had 88.3 million in syndicated loans, or 3.5 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, we had 61.7 million in syndicated loans that were not shared national credits. On December 21, 2017, the Federal Reserve, FDIC, and Office of Comptroller of the Currency issued a change to the definition of a Shared National Credit. Effective January 1, 2018, the aggregate loan commitment threshold for inclusion in the Shared National Credit (SNC) program increased from 20 million to 100 million. First Guaranty's syndicated loans that meet the revised definition at December 31, 2022 were 26.6 million. Syndicated loans may have a higher risk of loss than other loans we originate because we rely on the lead lender to monitor the performance of the loan. Moreover, our decision regarding the classification of a syndicated loan and loan loss provisions associated with a syndicated loan are made in part based upon information provided by the lead lender. A lead lender also may not monitor a syndicated loan in the same manner as we would for other loans that we originate. If our underwriting of these syndicated loans is not sufficient, our non-performing loans may increase and our earnings may decrease. 
 
 If our nonperforming assets increase, our earnings will be adversely affected. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our non-performing assets, which consist of non-performing loans and other real estate owned, were 14.8 million, or 0.47 of total assets. Our non-performing assets adversely affect our net income in various ways: 
 
 we record interest income only on the cash basis or cost-recovery method for nonaccrual loans and we do not record interest income for other real estate owned; 
 
 we must provide for probable loan losses through a current period charge to the provision for loan losses; 
 
 noninterest expense increases when we write down the value of properties in our other real estate owned portfolio to reflect changing market values; 
 
 there are legal fees associated with the resolution of problem assets, as well as carrying costs, such as taxes, insurance, and maintenance fees; and 
 
 the resolution of non-performing assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract them from more profitable activity. 
 
 If additional borrowers become delinquent and do not pay their loans and we are unable to successfully manage our non-performing assets, our losses and troubled assets could increase significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

-23- 

If the allowance for credit losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, earnings could decrease. 
 
 Loan customers may not repay their loans according to the terms of their loans, and the collateral securing the payment of their loans may be insufficient to assure repayment. We may experience significant credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of the loan portfolio are made, including the creditworthiness of borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan and lease losses, management reviews the loans and the loss and delinquency experience and evaluates economic conditions. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans, net of unearned income, was 0.93 and as a percentage of total non-performing loans was 159.90 . The determination of the appropriate level of allowance is subject to judgment and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which are subject to material changes. If assumptions prove to be incorrect, the allowance for loan and lease losses may not cover inherent losses in the loan portfolio at the date of the financial statements. Significant additions to the allowance would materially decrease net income. Non-performing loans may increase and non-performing or delinquent loans may adversely affect future performance. Any future credit deterioration, including as a result of COVID-19, could require us to increase our allowance for credit losses in the future. In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review the allowance for loan and lease losses and may require an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Any significant increase in our allowance for credit losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory agencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Emphasis on the origination of short-term loans could expose us to increased lending risks. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 1.6 billion, or 64.0 of our total loans consisted of short-term loans, defined as loans whose payments are typically based on ten to 20-year amortization schedules but have maturities typically ranging from one to five years. This results in our borrowers having significantly higher final payments due at maturity, known as a "balloon payment." In the event our borrowers are unable to make their balloon payments when they are due, we may incur significant losses in our loan portfolio. Moreover, while the shorter maturities of our loan portfolio help us to manage our interest rate risk, they also increase the reinvestment risk associated with new loan originations. During an economic slow-down, we might incur significant losses as our loan portfolio matures. 
 
 The level of our commercial real estate loan portfolio subjects us to additional regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 The FDIC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies have promulgated joint guidance on sound risk management practices for financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. Under the guidance, a financial institution that, like us, is actively involved in commercial real estate lending should perform a risk assessment to identify concentrations. A financial institution may have a concentration in commercial real estate lending if, among other factors, (i) total reported loans for construction, land acquisition and development, and other land represent 100 or more of total capital, or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-owner occupied, non-farm, non-residential properties, loans for construction, land acquisition and development and other land, and loans otherwise sensitive to the general commercial real estate market, including loans to commercial real estate related entities, represent 300 or more of total capital. Based on these factors, we have a concentration in loans of the type described in (ii), above, or 399 of our total capital at December 31, 2022. The purpose of the guidance is to assist banks in developing risk management practices and capital levels commensurate with the level and nature of real estate concentrations. The guidance states that management should employ heightened risk management practices including board and management oversight and strategic planning, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing. Our bank regulators could require us to implement additional policies and procedures consistent with their interpretation of the guidance that may result in additional costs to us or that may result in a curtailment of our commercial real estate and multifamily lending and/or the requirement that we maintain higher levels of regulatory capital, either of which would adversely affect our loan originations and profitability. 
 We are subject to regulatory enforcement risk, reputation risk and litigation risk regarding our participation in the PPP and Main Street Lending Program and we are subject to the risk that the SBA may not fund some or all PPP loan guarantees . 
 
 The CARES Act included the PPP as a loan program administered through the SBA and the Main Street Lending Program ("MSLP") administered through the U.S. Treasury Department. Under the PPP, small businesses and other entities and individuals applied for loans from existing SBA lenders and other approved regulated lenders that enrolled in the program, subject to detailed qualifications and eligibility criteria. 
 
 Because of the short timeframe between the passing of the CARES Act and implementation of the PPP, some of the rules and guidance relating to PPP were issued after lenders began processing PPP applications. Also, there was and continues to be uncertainty in the laws, rules and guidance relating to the PPP. Since the opening of the PPP, several banks have been subject to litigation regarding the procedures used in processing PPP applications, and several banks have been subject to litigation regarding the payment of fees to agents that assisted borrowers in obtaining PPP loans. In addition, some banks and borrowers have received negative media attention associated with PPP loans. Although we believe that we have administered the PPP in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidance, we may be exposed to litigation risk and negative media attention related to our participation in the PPP. If any such litigation is not resolved in in our favor, it may result in significant financial liability to us or adversely affect our reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly, regardless of outcome. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by PPP-related litigation or media attention could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

-24- 

The PPP has also attracted interest from federal and state enforcement authorities, oversight agencies, regulators, and U.S. Congressional committees. State Attorneys General and other federal and state agencies may assert that they are not subject to the provisions of the CARES Act and the PPP regulations entitling us to rely on borrower certifications, and take more aggressive action against us for alleged violations of the provisions governing the PPP. Federal and state regulators can impose or request that we consent to substantial sanctions, restrictions and requirements if they determine there are violations of laws, rules or regulations or weaknesses or failures with respect to general standards of safety and soundness, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operation and financial condition, and thereby adversely affect your investment. 
 
 We also have credit risk on PPP loans if the SBA determines that there is a deficiency in the manner in which we originated, funded or serviced loans, including any issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive a PPP loan. In the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan and a determination by the SBA that there was a deficiency in the manner in which we originated, funded or serviced a PPP loan, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty or, if the SBA has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency from us. 
 
 We were also a participating lender in the Federal Reserve s MSLP. The Federal Reserve established the MSLP to support lending to small and midsized for-profit businesses and nonprofit organizations that were in sound financial condition before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The program was terminated on January 8, 2021. We were able to transfer/sell 95 of the originated principal loan balances to a special purpose vehicle created by the Federal Reserve; however, we retained 5 of the originated principal balance, including the associated credit risk on such amounts. In addition, we are subject to potential litigation risk with respect to the entire loans, including the transferred/sold portions of the loan balances. 
 
 The foreclosure process may adversely impact our recoveries on non-performing loans. 
 
 The judicial foreclosure process is protracted, which delays our ability to resolve non-performing loans through the sale of the underlying collateral. The longer timelines were the result of the economic crisis, additional consumer protection initiatives related to the foreclosure process, increased documentary requirements and judicial scrutiny, and, both voluntary and mandatory programs under which lenders may consider loan modifications or other alternatives to foreclosure. These reasons, historical issues at the largest mortgage loan servicers, and the legal and regulatory responses have impacted the foreclosure process and completion time of foreclosures for residential mortgage lenders. This may result in a material adverse effect on collateral values and our ability to minimize our losses. 
 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property's value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on nonresidential real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Interest Rates 
 Interest rate shifts may reduce net interest income and otherwise negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The majority of our banking assets are monetary in nature and subject to risk from changes in interest rates. Like most financial institutions, our earnings and cash flows depend to a great extent upon the level of our net interest income, or the difference between the interest income we earn on loans, investments and other interest-earning assets, and the interest we pay on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Changes in interest rates can increase or decrease our net interest income, because different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to market interest rate changes. The Federal Reserve increased interest rates significantly during 2022. Both the pace of these increases and the resulting interest rate levels are unprecedented in recent times. This new interest rate environment could have a number of effects on our business, which may include reduced loan demand, increased delinquencies and increased loan paydowns and payoffs. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect us through, among other things, increased prepayments on our loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits. Accordingly, changes in the level of market interest rates affect our net yield on interest-earning assets, loan origination volume, loan portfolio and our overall results. Although our asset-liability management strategy is designed to control and mitigate exposure to the risks related to changes in market interest rates, those rates are affected by many factors outside of our control, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, deflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply, international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. 
 
 When interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly, or to a greater degree than interest-earning assets in a period, an increase in interest rates could reduce net interest income. Similarly, when interest-earning assets mature or reprice more quickly, or to a greater degree than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could reduce net interest income. Additionally, an increase in interest rates may, among other things, reduce the demand for loans and our ability to originate loans and decrease loan repayment rates. A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect us through, among other things, increased prepayments on our loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits. Accordingly, changes in the level of market interest rates affect our net yield on interest-earning assets, loan origination volume and our overall results. Although our asset-liability management strategy is designed to control and mitigate exposure to the risks related to changes in market interest rates, those rates are affected by many factors outside of our control, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, deflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply, international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. 
 -25- 

Risks Related to Liquidity 
 
 A lack of liquidity could adversely affect our operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on our ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment and maturity schedules of our loans and investment securities, respectively, to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to fund our operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of our investment securities, the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds is deposits. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. Recent increases in interest rates have resulted in increased competition for deposits. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments such as money market funds, we would lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. As stated above, public funds are a sizeable portion of our deposits. Loss of a large public funds depositor at the end of a contract would negatively impact liquidity. 
 
 Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations and maturities and sales of investment securities. Additional liquidity is provided by the ability to borrow from the FHLB or the Federal Reserve. We also may borrow funds from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities, or on terms that are acceptable to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. Our access to funding sources could also be affected by a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in our target markets or by one or more adverse regulatory actions against us. 
 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or to fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Public funds deposits are an important source of funds for us and a reduced level of those deposits may hurt our profits. 
 
 Public funds deposits are a significant source of funds for our lending and investment activities. At December 31, 2022, 1.1 billion, or 40.9 of our total deposits, consisted of public funds deposits from local government entities such as school districts, hospital districts, sheriff departments and other municipalities, which are collateralized by letters of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB"), investment securities, and reciprocal deposit insurance programs. Given our dependence on high-average balance public funds deposits as a source of funds, our inability to retain such funds could significantly and adversely affect our liquidity. Further, our public funds deposits are primarily demand deposit accounts or short-term time deposits and are therefore more sensitive to interest rate risks. If we are forced to pay higher rates on our public funds accounts to retain those funds, or if we are unable to retain such funds and we are forced to resort to other sources of funds for our lending and investment activities, such as borrowings from the FHLB, the interest expense associated with these other funding sources may be higher than the rates we are currently paying on our public funds deposits, which would adversely affect our net income. 
 
 Risks Related to Business Strategy 
 
 Our strategy of pursuing acquisitions exposes us to financial, execution and operational risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 On January 6, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement with Lone Star Bank, a Texas state-chartered bank with its main office in Houston, Texas, pursuant to which we intend to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lone Star Bank common stock in exchange solely for shares of First Guaranty common stock through the merger of Lone Star Bank with and into First Guaranty Bank, with First Guaranty Bank surviving the merger. First Guaranty will incur significant, non-recurring merger-related transaction and integration costs in connection with the merger. In addition to the transaction and integration costs, the merger with Lone Star Bank will require our management to devote a significant amount of time and resources that could otherwise be directed to the business and operations of First Guaranty and First Guaranty Bank, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Consummation of the merger is expected to result in dilution of our current shareholders investments. The issuance of First Guaranty common stock in connection with the merger will dilute the ownership interests of current First Guaranty shareholders and will dilute the per share book value of First Guaranty common stock. Further, the success of the merger will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully combine the businesses of First Guaranty Bank and Lone Star Bank. If we are unable to successfully integrate Lone Star Bank into First Guaranty Bank s existing operations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than anticipated. 
 
 The merger may not be consummated unless certain conditions are met; satisfaction of many of these conditions is beyond First Guaranty s and Lone Star Bank s control. If these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the merger will not be completed or may be delayed and each of First Guaranty and Lone Star Bank may lose some or all of the intended benefits of the merger. In addition, either First Guaranty or Lone Star Bank may terminate the merger agreement under certain circumstances. 

-26- 

We intend to continue pursuing a strategy that includes acquisitions. An acquisition strategy involves significant risks, including the following: 
 finding suitable candidates for acquisition; 
 attracting funding to support additional growth within acceptable risk tolerances; 
 maintaining asset quality; 
 retaining customers and key personnel; 
 obtaining necessary regulatory approvals; 
 conducting adequate due diligence and managing known and unknown risks and uncertainties; 
 integrating acquired businesses; and 
 maintaining adequate regulatory capital. 
 
 The market for acquisition targets is highly competitive, which may adversely affect our ability to find acquisition candidates that fit our strategy and standards. To the extent that we are unable to find suitable acquisition targets, an important component of our growth strategy may not be realized. Acquisitions will be subject to regulatory approvals, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals. Acquisitions of financial institutions also involve operational risks and uncertainties, and acquired companies may have unknown or contingent liabilities with no available manner of recourse, exposure to unexpected problems such as asset quality, the retention of key employees and customers and other issues that could negatively affect our business. We may not be able to complete future acquisitions or, if completed, we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations, technology platforms, management, products and services of the entities that we acquire and to realize our attempts to eliminate redundancies. The integration process may also require significant time and attention from our management that they would otherwise be able to direct toward servicing existing business and developing new business. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market trading values and, therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any future acquisition of a financial institution or service company, and the carrying amount of any goodwill that we acquire may be subject to impairment in future periods. Failure to successfully integrate the entities we acquire into our existing operations may increase our operating costs significantly and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully maintain and manage our growth. 
 
 Continued growth depends, in part, upon the ability to expand market presence, to successfully attract core deposits, and to identify attractive commercial lending opportunities. Management may not be able to successfully manage increased levels of assets and liabilities. We may be required to make additional investments in equipment and personnel to manage higher asset levels and loan balances, which may adversely impact our efficiency, earnings and shareholder returns. In addition, franchise growth may increase through acquisitions and de novo branching. The ability to successfully integrate such acquisitions into our consolidated operations will have a direct impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Earnings 
 
 We depend primarily on net interest income for our earnings rather than noninterest income. 
 
 Net interest income is the most significant component of our operating income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net interest income totaled 100.0 million in comparison to our total noninterest income of 11.0 million earned during the same year. We do not rely on nontraditional sources of fee income utilized by some community banks, such as fees from sales of insurance, securities or investment advisory products or services. The amount of our net interest income is influenced by the overall interest rate environment, competition, and the amount of interest-earning assets relative to the amount of interest-bearing liabilities. In the event that one or more of these factors were to result in a decrease in our net interest income, we have limited sources of noninterest income to offset any decrease in our net interest income. 
 
 We obtain a significant portion of our noninterest revenue through service charges on core deposit accounts, and regulations impacting service charges could reduce our fee income. 
 
 A significant portion of our noninterest revenue is derived from service charge income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, service charges, commissions and fees represented 3.2 million, or 28.7 of our total noninterest income excluding losses on securities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, service charges, commissions and fees represented 2.7 million, or 26.9 of our total noninterest income excluding gains on securities. The largest component of this service charge income is overdraft-related fees. Management believes that changes in banking regulations pertaining to rules on certain overdraft payments on consumer accounts have and will continue to have an adverse impact on our service charge income. Additionally, changes in customer behavior, as well as increased competition from other financial institutions, may result in declines in deposit accounts or in overdraft frequency resulting in a decline in service charge income. A reduction in deposit account fee income could have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 

-27- 

Risks Related to Competition 
 
 We may be unable to successfully compete with others for business. 
 
 The area in which we operate is considered attractive from an economic and demographic viewpoint, and is a highly competitive banking market. We compete for loans and deposits with numerous regional and national banks and other community banking institutions, as well as other kinds of financial institutions and enterprises, such as securities firms, insurance companies, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage brokers and private lenders. Many competitors have substantially greater resources than we do. The differences in resources may make it harder for us to compete profitably, reduce the rates that we can earn on loans and investments, increase the rates we must offer on deposits and other funds, and adversely affect our overall financial condition and earnings. 
 
 Risks Related to Operations 
 
 We face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. 
 
 Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire the necessary operational and technological infrastructure and to manage the cost of that infrastructure as we expand. Similar to other large corporations, operational risk can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, faulty or disabled computer systems, fraud by employees or outside persons and exposure to external events. As discussed below, we are dependent on our operational infrastructure to help manage these risks. In addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems which we use both to interface with our customers and to manage our internal financial and other systems. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones depends on the functionality of our technology systems. Additionally, our ability to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations is dependent on these infrastructures. 
 
 We continuously monitor our operational and technological capabilities and make modifications and improvements when we believe it will be cost effective to do so. In some instances, we may build and maintain these capabilities ourselves. We also outsource some of these functions to third parties. These third parties may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. We also face risk from the integration of new infrastructure platforms and/or new third party providers of such platforms into its existing businesses. 
 
 A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause financial losses. 
 
 Our businesses are dependent on their ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and diverse markets. These transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. Due to the breadth of our client base and following the Premier and Union mergers, our geographical reach, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure is challenging, particularly as a result of rapidly evolving legal and regulatory requirements and technological shifts. Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume, cyber-attack or other unforeseen catastrophic events, which may adversely affect our ability to process these transactions or provide services. 
 
 In addition, our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information on our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information across all geographic and product lines, and endeavor to modify these protective measures as circumstances warrant, the nature of the threats continues to evolve. As a result, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access such as a business email compromise, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events that could have an adverse security impact. Despite the defensive measures we take to manage our internal technological and operational infrastructure, these threats may originate externally from third parties such as foreign governments, organized crime and other hackers, and outsourced or infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from within our organization. Given the increasingly high volume of our transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they can be discovered and rectified. Such incidents may result in required notifications to customers and or regulators resulting in reduced reputation and liability to legal proceedings. 

-28- 

Risks Related to Accounting 
 
 Changes in accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Accounting policies are essential to understanding our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 
 
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") and the Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. We could also be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which may result in our restating our prior period financial statements. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued a standard, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , that will significantly change how banks measure and recognize credit impairment for many financial assets from an incurred loss methodology to a current expected loss model. The current expected credit loss model will require banks to immediately recognize an estimate of credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of the financial assets that are in the scope of the standard. First Guaranty adopted this standard effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 We hold certain intangible assets that could be classified as impaired in the future. If these assets are considered to be either partially or fully impaired in the future, our earnings and the book values of these assets would decrease. 
 
 We are required to test goodwill and core deposit intangible assets for impairment on a periodic basis. The impairment testing process considers a variety of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and financial performance. If an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and the book value of these intangible assets will be reduced by the amount of the impairment which would adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. Such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessary in relation to our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. Any failure to maintain, in the future, an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and adversely impact our business. 
 
 We could recognize losses on securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. 
 
 While we attempt to invest a significant percentage of our assets in loans (our loan to deposit ratio was 92.5 at December 31, 2022), we invest a portion of our total assets (14.3 at December 31, 2022) in investment securities with the primary objectives of providing a source of liquidity, generating an appropriate return on funds invested, managing interest rate risk, meeting pledging requirements of our public funds deposits and meeting regulatory capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our securities portfolio was 451.5 million. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. For example, fixed-rate securities are generally subject to decreases in market value when interest rates rise. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults by the issuer or individual borrowers with respect to the underlying securities, and instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could cause an other-than-temporary impairment in future periods and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. At December 31, 2022, First Guaranty had no corporate debt securities with other-than-temporary impairment. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting interest rates, the financial condition of issuers of the securities and the performance of the underlying collateral, we may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

-29- 

Other General Business Risks 
 
 Hurricanes or other adverse weather conditions can have an adverse impact on our market areas. 
 
 Our market area in Southeast Louisiana is close to New Orleans and the Gulf of Mexico, areas which are susceptible to hurricanes, tropical storms, flooding and other natural disasters and adverse weather conditions which could result in a disruption of our operations and increases in loan losses. In August 2021, Hurricane Ida affected several of our markets in Southeast Louisiana. Similar future events could potentially cause widespread property damage, require the relocation of an unprecedented number of residents and business operations, and severely disrupt normal economic activity in our market areas, which may have an adverse effect on our operations, loan originations and deposit base. Our Texas market was impacted by an ice storm in February 2021. Moreover, our ability to compete effectively with financial institutions whose operations are not concentrated in areas affected by hurricanes or other adverse weather conditions or whose resources are greater than ours will depend primarily on our ability to continue normal business operations following such event. The severity and duration of the effects of hurricanes or other adverse weather conditions will depend on a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including the amount and timing of government, private and philanthropic investments including deposits in the region, the pace of rebuilding and economic recovery in the region and the extent to which a hurricane's property damage is covered by insurance. The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on our management team and our board of directors for the successful implementation of our business strategy. 
 
 Our success depends significantly on the continued service and skills of our senior management team and our board of directors, particularly Marshall T. Reynolds, our Chairman, Alton B. Lewis Jr., our President and Chief Executive Officer and Eric J. Dosch, our Chief Financial Officer. The implementation of our business and growth strategies also depends significantly on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified executives and directors. The loss of services of one or more of these individuals could have a negative impact on our business because of their skills, years of industry experience and difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 
 Risks Related to Laws, Regulations and Industry 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in federal, state and local laws and regulations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by federal and state banking authorities. Any change in applicable regulations or federal, state or local legislation could have a substantial impact on us and our operations. Additional legislation and regulations that could significantly affect our powers, authority and operations may be enacted or adopted in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, regulators have significant discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws by banks and bank holding companies in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. The exercise of regulatory authority may have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Like other bank holding companies and financial institutions, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws. Under these laws, we are required, among other things, to enforce a customer identification program and file currency transaction and suspicious activity reports with the federal government. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose significant monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws or make required reports. 
 
 Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business, and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC and the OFI, periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin "unsafe or unsound" practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place us into receivership or conservatorship. If we become subject to any regulatory actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 
 We may be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed, or it may only be available on unacceptable terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We may at some point, however, need to raise additional capital to support continued growth or be required by our regulators to increase our capital resources. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we may not be able to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations and pursue our growth strategy could be materially impaired and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to raise additional capital when required by our bank regulators, we may be subject to adverse regulatory action. 

-30- 

We are subject to the CRA and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. 
 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The CFPB, the United States Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful challenge to an institution's performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity and restrictions on expansion activity. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution's performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by the transition from LIBOR (London Interbank Offer Rate) 
 
 We hold assets, liabilities, and derivatives that are indexed to the various tenors of LIBOR including but not limited to the one-month LIBOR, three-month LIBOR, one-year LIBOR, and the ten-year constant maturing swap rate. The LIBOR yield curve is also utilized in the fair value calculation of many of these instruments. The reform of major interest benchmarks led to the announcement of the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, the regulator of the LIBOR index, that LIBOR would not be supported in its current form after the end of 2021. In December 2020, the administrator of LIBOR announced its intention to (i) cease the publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 31, 2021, and (ii) cease the publication of all other tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (one, three, six and 12 month LIBOR) after June 30, 2023. While in the U.S., the Alternative Rates Committee of the FRB and Federal Reserve Bank of New York have identified the SOFR as an alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rate, it is too early to predict the financial impact this rate index replacement may have, if at all. First Guaranty had approximately 47.7 million in loans indexed to LIBOR at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Difficult market conditions have adversely affected the industry in which we operate. 
 
 If capital and credit markets experience volatility and disruption as they did during the past financial crisis and during the COVID-19 pandemic, we may face the following risks: 
 increased regulation of our industry; 
 compliance with such regulation may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities; 
 market developments and the resulting economic pressure on consumers may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause increases in delinquencies and default rates, which, among other effects, could affect our charge-offs and provision for loan losses. Competition in the industry could intensify as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial institutions in connection with the current market conditions; 
 market disruptions make valuation even more difficult and subjective, and our ability to measure the fair value of our assets could be adversely affected. If we determine that a significant portion of our assets have values significantly below their recorded carrying value, we could recognize a material charge to earnings in the quarter in which such determination was made, our capital ratios would be adversely affected and a rating agency might downgrade our credit rating or put us on credit watch; 
 depositor confidence may be shaken, which could lead to deposit outflows that could cause liquidity concerns; and 
 the downgrade of the United States government's sovereign credit rating, any related rating agency action in the future, and the downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings for several European nations could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The rapid rise in interest rates during 2022, the resulting industry-wide reduction in the fair value of securities portfolios, and the related bank runs that led to the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank (New York) in March 2023, among other events, have resulted a current state of volatility and uncertainty with respect to the health of the U.S. banking system, particularly around liquidity, uninsured deposits and customer concentrations. While we are unable to predict the full impact of this turmoil, it is likely to result in among other things, increased regulatory pressures, which could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 
 Our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments may increase, which would reduce our profitability. 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to legal limits and, accordingly, subject to the payment of FDIC deposit insurance assessments. The Bank s regular assessments are determined by its risk classification, which is based on a number of factors, including regulatory capital levels, asset growth and asset quality. On March 12, 2023, the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued a joint statement relating to the resolution of Silicon Valley Bank, Santa Clara, California, and Signature Bank, New York, New York which stated that losses to support uninsured deposits of those banks would be recovered via a special assessment on banks. Although the exact terms of that special assessment have not been announced, it is likely to increase the FDIC deposit insurance assessments incurred by the Bank. In addition, other changes to the assessment regime, including as a result of additional bank failures and any potential increase in the statutory deposit insurance limits or rates are likely to result in increased deposit insurance costs to the Bank. The announced special assessment, as well as any future special assessments, increases in assessment rates or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

-31- 

Changes in the policies of monetary authorities and other government action could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Our results of operations are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the policies of the Federal Reserve. The instruments of monetary policy employed by the Federal Reserve Board include open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate or the federal funds rate on bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, particularly in light of the continuing threat of terrorist attacks, the current military operations in the Middle East, COVID-19, changes in rates of inflation, and uncertainty with the recent conflict in Eastern Europe, we cannot predict possible future changes in interest rates, deposit levels, loan demand or our business and earnings. Furthermore, the actions of the United States government and other governments in responding to such terrorist attacks, the military operations in the Middle East, or uncertainty in Eastern Europe, may result in currency fluctuations, exchange controls, market disruption and other adverse effects. 
 
 Curtailment of government guaranteed loan programs could affect a segment of our business, and government agencies may not honor their guarantees if we do not originate loans in compliance with their guidelines. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 38.2 million, or 1.5 of our total loan portfolio, was comprised of loans where all or some portion of the loans were guaranteed through the SBA, USDA or FSA lending programs, and we intend to grow this segment of our portfolio in the future. The majority of this portfolio, 5.9 million, was comprised of loans originated under the SBA PPP program at December 31, 2022. From time to time, the government agencies that guarantee these loans reach their internal limits and cease to guarantee loans. In addition, these agencies may change their rules for loans or Congress may adopt legislation that would have the effect of discontinuing or changing the loan programs. Non-governmental programs could replace government programs for some borrowers, but the terms might not be equally acceptable. Therefore, if these changes occur, the volume of loans to small business, industrial and agricultural borrowers of the types that now qualify for government guaranteed loans could decline. Also, the profitability of these loans could decline. 
 
 In addition, while we follow the SBA's, USDA's and FSA's underwriting guidelines, our ability to do so depends on the knowledge and diligence of our employees and the effectiveness of controls we have established. If our employees do not follow the SBA, USDA or FSA guidelines in originating loans and if our loan review and audit programs fail to identify and rectify such failures, the government agencies that guarantee these loans may refuse to honor their guarantee obligations and we may incur losses as a result. 

-32- 

Risk Associated with an Investment in our Securities 
 
 An active, liquid market for our securities may not be sustained. 
 
 Our shares of common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market in November 2015. An active trading market for shares of our common stock may not be sustained on Nasdaq due to our existing float and trading volume. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common stock and may impair our ability to expand our business by using our common stock as consideration in an acquisition. 
 
 Although the depositary shares underlying our 6.75 Series A Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative perpetual preferred stock (the Series A Preferred Stock are currently traded on the [Nasdaq Global Market], there is currently very low liquidity, and we do not expect an active trading market for our depositary shares to develop or be sustained. Because of this, it may be more difficult for holders of our depositary shares to sell their depositary shares. 
 
 We have several large shareholders, and such shareholders may independently vote their shares in a manner that you may not consider to be consistent with your best interest or the best interest of our shareholders as a whole. 
 
 Our principal shareholders (Marshall T. Reynolds, William K. Hood and Edgar R. Smith III) beneficially own, approximately 40 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. Each of these shareholders will continue to have the ability to independently vote a meaningful percentage of our outstanding common stock on all matters put to a vote of our shareholders, including the election of our board of directors and certain other significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or acquisition transaction. On any such matter, the interests of these shareholders may not coincide with the interests of the other holders of our common stock and any such difference in interests may result in that shareholder voting its shares in a manner inconsistent with the interests of other shareholders. 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends is limited. 
 
 We have no obligation to continue paying dividends, and we may change our dividend policy at any time without prior notice to our common shareholders. In addition, our ability to pay dividends will continue to be subject, among other things, to certain regulatory guidance and/or restrictions. Future dividends, if any, will be declared and paid at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our and First Guaranty Bank s capital levels. Subject to certain exceptions, the terms of our senior debt and subordinated debt prohibit us from paying dividends on shares of our capital stock at times when we are deferring the payment of interest on such subordinated debt. Moreover, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited by the terms of our Series A Preferred Stock which provides that if we have not paid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period, then no dividend or distribution shall be declared, paid, or set aside for payment on shares of our common stock. 
 
 Our principal source of funds used to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be cash we may hold from time to time as well as dividends that we receive from First Guaranty Bank. Although First Guaranty Bank s asset quality, earnings performance, liquidity and capital requirements will be taken into account before we declare or pay any future dividends on our capital stock, our board of directors will also consider our liquidity and capital requirements and our board of directors could determine to declare and pay dividends without relying on dividend payments from First Guaranty Bank. 
 
 Federal and state banking laws and regulations and state corporate laws restrict the amount of dividends we may declare and pay and that First Guaranty Bank may declare and pay to us. For example, Federal Reserve regulations implementing the capital rules required under Basel III do not permit dividends unless capital levels exceed certain higher levels applying capital conservation buffers. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued supervisory guidance advising bank holding companies to eliminate, defer or reduce dividends paid on common stock and other forms of capital, like the Series A Preferred Stock, where the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, the company s prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition or the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Recent supplements to this guidance reiterate the need for bank holding companies to inform their applicable reserve bank sufficiently in advance of the proposed payment of a dividend in certain circumstances. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock constitutes an equity security and ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and will rank junior to our and First Guaranty Bank s future indebtedness. 
 
 Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are equity interests in First Guaranty and do not constitute indebtedness. Accordingly, shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares are and will be junior in right of payment to any existing and all future indebtedness and other non-equity claims of First Guaranty with respect to assets available to satisfy claims on us, including in a liquidation of First Guaranty. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, our assets will be available to pay obligations on the Series A Preferred Stock and any parity stock only after all of our liabilities have been paid and any obligations we owe on any securities that rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding, if any, have been satisfied. In case of such bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the Series A Preferred Stock will rank equally with any parity stock in the distribution of our assets. Holders of the depositary shares may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. In addition, our existing indebtedness restricts payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, and any future indebtedness may further restrict payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

-33- 

The Series A Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock effectively rank junior to any existing and all future liabilities of our subsidiary First Guaranty Bank. 
 
 First Guaranty is a financial holding company and conducts substantially all of our operations through our subsidiary First Guaranty Bank. Our right to participate in any distribution of the assets of our subsidiaries upon any liquidation, reorganization, receivership or conservatorship of any subsidiary (and thus the ability of the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of the depositary shares to benefit indirectly from such distribution) will rank junior to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors. In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up, there may not be sufficient assets remaining, after paying our and our subsidiaries liabilities, to pay amounts due on any or all of the Series A Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock places no restrictions on our business or operations or on our ability to incur indebtedness or engage in any transactions, subject only to the limited voting rights of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are non-cumulative and discretionary. If our board of directors does not authorize and declare a dividend for any dividend period, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, and therefore the holders of the depositary shares, will not be entitled to receive a dividend for such period, and such undeclared dividend will not accrue and be payable. We will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not dividends are authorized and declared for any subsequent dividend period with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. Our board of directors may determine that it would be in our best interests to pay less than the full amount of the stated dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock or no dividend for any dividend period even if funds are available. Factors that would be considered by our board of directors in making this determination include our financial condition, liquidity and capital needs, the impact of current and pending legislation and regulations, economic conditions, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, any credit agreements to which we are a party, tax considerations and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Unlike indebtedness, where principal and interest would customarily be payable on specified due dates, in the case of preferred stock like the Series A Preferred Stock dividends are payable only when, as and if authorized and declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board and, as a Louisiana corporation and financial holding company, we are subject to restrictions on payments of dividends out of lawfully available funds as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, and therefore the holders of the depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock, have limited voting rights. 
 
 Until and unless we are in arrears on our dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock for six quarterly dividend periods, whether consecutive or not, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, and therefore the holders of the depositary shares, have no voting rights with respect to matters that generally require the approval of voting shareholders, except with respect to certain fundamental changes in the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, and except as may be required by the rules of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the Series A Preferred Stock is listed, traded or quoted or by Louisiana law. If dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are not paid in full for six dividend periods, whether consecutive or not, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with any other equally ranked series of preferred stock that have similar voting rights then outstanding, if any, will have the right, at the first annual meeting or special meeting held thereafter and at subsequent annual meetings, to elect two directors to our board. The terms of the additional directors so elected will end upon the payment or setting aside for payment by us of continuous noncumulative dividends for at least twelve consecutive months on the Series A Preferred Stock and any other equally ranked series of preferred stock then outstanding, if any. 
 
 Holders of the depositary shares must act through the depositary to exercise any voting rights of the Series A Preferred Stock. Although each depositary share is entitled to 1/40th of a vote, the depositary can only vote whole shares of Series A Preferred Stock. While the depositary will vote the maximum number of whole shares of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with the instructions it receives, any remaining fractional votes of holders of the depositary shares underlying such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be voted. 
 
 First Guaranty and First Guaranty Bank have incurred indebtedness, and may in the future incur additional indebtedness, which have rights that are senior to those of First Guaranty s shareholders. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, First Guaranty had an aggregate of 56.9 million of senior and subordinated indebtedness outstanding. The notes we have issued, as well as any note we may issue in the future, rank senior to shares of First Guaranty s common and preferred stock. In addition, any indebtedness owed by First Guaranty Bank is and will be structurally senior to the rights of the holders of First Guaranty s common and preferred stock. In the event of any bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation of First Guaranty, these notes, along with First Guaranty s other indebtedness, would have to be repaid before First Guaranty s shareholders would be entitled to receive any of the assets of First Guaranty. 
 
 First Guaranty or First Guaranty Bank may from time to time issue, or assume in connection with an acquisition, additional subordinated indebtedness that would have to be repaid before First Guaranty s shareholders would be entitled to receive any of the assets of First Guaranty or First Guaranty Bank. 
 
 An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not an insured deposit and is not guaranteed by the FDIC. 
 
 An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss or guaranteed by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is inherently risky for the reasons described herein and our shareholders will bear the risk of loss if the value or market price of our common stock or depositary shares is adversely affected. 
 
 -34- 

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

-35- 

Item 2 - Properties 
 
 First Guaranty does not directly own any real estate, but it does own real estate indirectly through the Bank. The Bank operates 36 banking facilities. The following table sets forth certain information relating to each office. The net book value of premises and equipment at all branch locations, including the raw land of branches under development, at December 31, 2022 totaled 58.2 million. We believe that our properties are adequate for our business operations as they are currently being conducted. 
 Location Use of Facilities Year Facility Opened or Acquired Owned/Leased First Guaranty Square 400 East Thomas Street Hammond, LA 70401 First Guaranty Bank's Main Office 1975 Owned 2111 West Thomas Street Hammond, LA 70401 Guaranty West Banking Center 1974 Owned 455 West Railroad Avenue Independence, LA 70443 Independence Banking Center 1979 Owned 301 Avenue F Kentwood, LA 70444 Kentwood Banking Center 1975 Owned 189 Burt Blvd Benton, LA 71006 Benton Banking Center 2010 Owned 126 South Hwy. 1 Oil City, LA 71061 Oil City Banking Center 1999 Owned 401 North 2nd Street Homer, LA 71040 Homer Main Banking Center 1999 Owned 10065 Hwy 79 Haynesville, LA 71038 Haynesville Banking Center 1999 Owned 117 East Hico Street Dubach, LA 71235 Dubach Banking Center 1999 Owned 102 East Louisiana Avenue Vivian, LA 71082 Vivian Banking Center 1999 Owned 500 North Cary Avenue Jennings, LA 70546 Jennings Banking Center 1999 Owned 799 West Summers Drive Abbeville, LA 70510 Abbeville Banking Center 1999 Owned 2231 S. Range Avenue Denham Springs, LA 70726 Denham Springs Banking Center 2005 Owned 500 West Pine Street Ponchatoula, LA 70454 Ponchatoula Banking Center 2016 Owned 29815 Walker Rd S Walker, LA 70785 Walker Banking Center 2007 Owned 6151 Hwy 10 Greensburg, LA 70441 Greensburg Banking Center 2011 Owned 723 Avenue G Kentwood, LA 70444 Kentwood West Banking Center 2011 Owned 35651 Hwy 16 Montpelier, LA 70422 Montpelier Banking Center 2011 Owned 33818 Hwy 16 Denham Springs, LA 70706 Watson Banking Center 2011 Owned 8951 Synergy Dr. #100 McKinney, TX 75070 McKinney Banking Center 2017 Owned 7600 Woodway Drive Waco, TX 76712 Waco Banking Center 2017 Owned 2209 W. University Dr. Denton, TX 76201 Denton Banking Center 2017 Owned 2001 N. Handley Ederville Road Fort Worth, TX 76118 Fort Worth Banking Center 2017 Owned 603 Main Street #101 Garland, TX 75040 Garland Banking Center 2017 Leased 4221 Airline Drive Bossier City, LA 71111 Bossier City Banking Center 2017 Owned 4740 Nelson Rd #320 Lake Charles, LA 70605 Lake Charles Loan Production Office 2019 Leased 632 West Oak Street Amite, LA 70422 Amite Banking Center 2019 Owned 1701 Metro Drive Alexandria, LA 71301 Alexandria Banking Center 2019 Owned 
 -36- 

1110 Shirley Road Bunkie, LA 71322 Bunkie Banking Center 2019 Owned 2705 Main Street Hessmer, LA 71341 Hessmer Banking Center 2019 Owned 305 North Main Street Marksville, LA 71351 Marksville Banking Center 2019 Owned 211 East Tunica Drive Marksville, LA 71351 Tunica Banking Center 2019 Owned 10710 Highway 1 Moreauville, LA 71355 Moreauville Banking Center 2019 Owned 40 Pinecrest Drive Pineville, LA 71360 Pineville Banking Center 2019 Owned 15 Second Street Vanceburg, Kentucky 41179 Vanceburg Banking Center 2021 Owned 173 Bombarder Way, Jct. Routes 50 and 76 Bridgeport, West Virginia 26330 Bridgeport Loan and Deposit Production Office 2021 Leased 

-37- 

Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 
 
 First Guaranty is subject to various legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. First Guaranty assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings. Where it is probable that First Guaranty will incur a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, First Guaranty records a liability in its consolidated financial statements. First Guaranty does not record a loss if the loss is not probable or the amount of the loss is not estimable. First Guaranty Bank is a defendant in a lawsuit alleging fault for a loss of funds by a customer related to fraud by a third party, with a possible loss range of 0.0 million to 1.5 million. The Bank denies the allegations and intends to vigorously defend against this lawsuit, which is in very early stages. No trial has been set, therefore, no accrued liability has been recorded related to this lawsuit. First Guaranty settled a case in the third quarter of 2021 for 1.1 million. A receivable for 0.9 million has been recorded for recovery through First Guaranty's insurance coverage. In the opinion of management, neither First Guaranty nor First Guaranty Bank is currently involved in such legal proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, that the resolution is expected to have a material adverse effect on First Guaranty s consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, one or more unfavorable outcomes in these ordinary claims or litigation against First Guaranty or First Guaranty Bank could have a material adverse effect for the period in which they are resolved. In addition, regardless of their merits or ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention, and may materially and adversely affect the reputation of First Guaranty and First Guaranty Bank, even if resolved favorably. 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 -38- 

PART II 

Item 5 - Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Shares of our common stock are traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol "FGBI". As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1,500 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 The depositary shares underlying our Series A Preferred Stock are traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol FGBIP . 
 
 Our common and preferred shareholders are entitled to receive dividends when, and if, declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for dividends. We have paid quarterly cash dividends on our common stock for each of the last 118 quarters dating back to the third quarter of 1993. The Board of Directors intends to continue to pay regular quarterly cash dividends on both our common and preferred stock. The ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, regulatory restrictions, the general economic and regulatory climate and ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to common stock. There are legal restrictions on the ability of First Guaranty Bank to pay cash dividends to First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Under federal and state law, we are required to maintain certain surplus and capital levels and may not distribute dividends in cash or in kind, if after such distribution we would fall below such levels. Specifically, an insured depository institution is prohibited from making any capital distribution to its shareholders, including by way of dividend, if after making such distribution, the depository institution fails to meet the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure including the risk-based capital adequacy and leverage standards. 
 
 Additionally, under the Louisiana Business Corporation Act, First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. is prohibited from paying any cash dividends to shareholders if, after the payment of such dividend First Guaranty Bancshares would not be able to pay its debts as they became due in the usual course of business or its total assets would be less than its total liabilities or where net assets are less than the liquidation value of shares that have a preferential right to participate in First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s assets in the event First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. were to be liquidated. 
 
 First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. did not repurchase any of its shares of common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Item 6 - [Reserved] 

-39- 

Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A discussion regarding significant changes in our financial condition from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021 and our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 can be found under "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022, which is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and First Guaranty's website, www.fgb.net This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and are based on certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable but may prove to be inaccurate. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those set forth under "Forward-Looking Statements," "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected results discussed in the forward-looking statements appearing in this discussion and analysis. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 

Overview 
 
 First Guaranty Bancshares is a Louisiana corporation and a financial holding company headquartered in Hammond, Louisiana. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, First Guaranty Bank, a Louisiana-chartered commercial bank, provides personalized commercial banking services primarily to Louisiana and Texas customers through 36 banking facilities primarily located in the MSAs of Hammond, Baton Rouge, Lafayette, Shreveport-Bossier City, Lake Charles and Alexandria, Louisiana and Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, Waco, Texas and Mideast markets in Kentucky and West Virginia. We emphasize personal relationships and localized decision making to ensure that products and services are matched to customer needs. We compete for business principally on the basis of personal service to customers, customer access to officers and directors and competitive interest rates and fees. 
 
 Total assets were 3.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2.9 billion at December 31, 2021. Total deposits were 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2.6 billion at December 31, 2021. Total loans were 2.5 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 359.7 million, or 16.7 , compared with 2.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Total shareholders' equity was 235.0 million and 223.9 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net income was 28.9 million and 27.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We generate most of our revenues from interest income on loans, interest income on securities, sales of securities, ATM and debit card fees and service charges, commissions and fees. We incur interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds and noninterest expense such as salaries and employee benefits and occupancy and equipment expenses. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings which are used to fund those assets. Net interest income is our largest source of revenue. To evaluate net interest income, we measure and monitor: (1) yields on our loans and other interest-earning assets; (2) the costs of our deposits and other funding sources; (3) our net interest spread and (4) our net interest margin. Net interest spread is the difference between rates earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Because noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits also fund interest-earning assets, net interest margin includes the benefit of these noninterest-bearing sources. 
 
 Changes in market interest rates and interest rates we earn on interest-earning assets or pay on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the volume and types of interest-earning assets, interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing liabilities are usually the largest drivers of periodic changes in net interest spread, net interest margin and net interest income. Fluctuations in market interest rates are driven by many factors, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, deflation, macroeconomic developments, changes in unemployment, the money supply, political and international conditions, conditions in domestic and foreign financial markets and in 2020 and 2021 the economic and social effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Periodic changes in the volume and types of loans in our loan portfolio are affected by, among other factors, economic and competitive conditions in Louisiana, Texas and our other out-of-state market areas. During the extended period of historically low interest rates, we continue to evaluate our investments in interest-earning assets in relation to the impact such investments have on our financial condition, results of operations and shareholders' equity. 
 
 -40- 

Financial highlights for 2022 and 2021: 
 Total assets increased 273.2 million, or 9.5 , to 3.2 billion at December 31, 2022 when compared with December 31, 2021. Total loans at December 31, 2022 were 2.5 billion, an increase of 359.7 million, or 16.7 , compared with December 31, 2021. Total deposits were 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 127.3 million, or 4.9 compared with December 31, 2021. Retained earnings were 76.4 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 19.7 million compared to 56.7 million at December 31, 2021. Shareholders' equity was 235.0 million and 223.9 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Net income for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 28.9 million and 27.3 million, respectively. 
 Earnings per common share were 2.48 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2.42 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total weighted average common shares outstanding were 10,716,796 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 First Guaranty participated in the SBA Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act"). The CARES Act authorized the SBA to guarantee loans under a new 7(a) loan program known as the PPP. As a qualified SBA lender, we were automatically authorized to originate PPP loans. The SBA will guarantee 100 of the PPP loans made to eligible borrowers and will forgive such loans. The program has been conducted in two phases which First Guaranty classifies as Round 1 loans (originated in 2020) and Round 2 loans (originated in 2021). As of December 31, 2022, First Guaranty had remaining Round 1 PPP loans of 2.0 million with deferred fees of 16,000 and Round 2 PPP loans of 3.9 million with deferred fees of 16,000 remaining. 1.3 million in PPP fees were recognized during 2022 compared to 2.0 million in PPP fees recognized in 2021. 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses was 0.93 of total loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.11 at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty attributes the decrease in the allowance as a percentage of loans to the improvement in factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic offset by growth in the loan portfolio identified risks. First Guaranty had acquisition related loan discounts that totaled approximately 1.1 million at December 31, 2022. First Guaranty had 5.9 million at December 31, 2022 of SBA guaranteed PPP loans that have no related allowance due to the 100 government guarantee in accordance with regulatory guidance. 
 The provision for loan losses totaled 3.7 million for 2022 compared to 2.1 million in 2021. 
 Net interest income for 2022 was 100.0 million compared to 89.6 million for 2021. 
 Noninterest income for 2022 was 11.0 million compared to 10.8 million for 2021. Excluding the impact of securities gains, noninterest income for 2022 improved to 11.0 million from 10.0 million for 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher gains on loan sales. 
 The net interest margin was 3.47 for 2022 and 3.44 for 2021. The increase was driven by an increase in loan yields, including loan fees, which increased more than the cost of liabilities. Loans as a percentage of average interest earning assets increased to 79.8 at December 31, 2022 compared to 77.3 at December 31, 2021. 
 Investment securities totaled 451.5 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 87.4 million when compared to 364.2 million at December 31, 2021. Losses on the sale of securities were 17,000 for 2022 as compared to gains of 0.7 million for 2021. At December 31, 2022, available for sale securities, at fair value, totaled 131.5 million, a decrease of 79.2 million when compared to 210.6 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, held to maturity securities, at amortized cost, totaled 320.1 million as compared to 153.5 million at December 31, 2021. During the first quarter of 2022, First Guaranty designated 165.8 million of AFS securities for HTM status. 
 Total loans net of unearned income were 2.5 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Total loans net of unearned income are reduced by the allowance for loan and lease losses which totaled 23.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 24.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Total impaired loans increased 4.4 million to 19.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 15.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Nonaccrual loans decreased 3.1 million to 13.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 16.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 First Guaranty is a smaller reporting company and delayed the adoption of ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments" ("CECL"). First Guaranty used the incurred loss model for the calculation of its allowance for December 31, 2022. First Guaranty adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2023. 
 Return on average assets was 0.97 and 1.01 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Return on average common equity was 13.64 and 14.06 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Return on average assets is calculated by dividing net income by average assets. Return on average common equity is calculated by dividing net income by average common equity. 
 Book value per common share was 18.84 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 17.81 as of December 31, 2021. Tangible book value per common share was 17.23 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 16.13 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in book value was due primarily to an increase in retained earnings partially offset by changes in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"). AOCI is comprised of unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities, including unrealized losses on available for sale securities at the time of transfer to held to maturity. 
 -41- 

First Guaranty's Board of Directors declared cash dividends of 0.64 per common share in 2022. First Guaranty also declared cash dividends of 0.64 in 2021, which was the equivalent of 0.60 per common share after adjusting for the 10 common stock dividend paid in December 2021. First Guaranty has paid 118 consecutive quarterly dividends on its common stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 First Guaranty paid preferred cash dividends of 2.3 million during 2022. The preferred stock was issued in April of 2021. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Legal Settlement 
 
 First Guaranty was a defendant in a lawsuit alleging overpayment on a loan related to a disputed interest rate. First Guaranty settled this lawsuit in February of 2023 for 0.6 million. 
 
 Lone Star Acquisition 
 
 On January 6, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Lone Star Bank, a Texas state-chartered bank with its main office in Houston, Texas. Under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lone Star Bank common stock in exchange solely for shares of First Guaranty common stock through the merger of Lone Star Bank with and into First Guaranty Bank, with First Guaranty Bank surviving the merger. Based on December 31, 2022 financials, the combined financial institution would have approximately 3.2 billion in total assets, 2.5 billion in total loans, and 2.8 billion in total deposits following the close of the merger. 
 
 As a result of the proposed merger, First Guaranty Bank will acquire four banking locations in Texas: two locations in Houston and two locations west of Houston along the I-10 corridor in Sealy and Columbus. 
 
 Employee Stock Grant Program 
 
 As disclosed in previous filings by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc., for approximately 15 years First Guaranty Bank, a subsidiary of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. has utilized an Employee Stock Grant Program to incentivize and reward bank employees for performance. Each quarter, the Board of Directors of First Guaranty Bank allocates a 75,000 payment to an attorney to be used to purchase, on the open market, shares of stock with First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. The attorney receives nominations which come from managers throughout the Bank for awards to employees which range from clerical through top Management. An average of just over 100 employees receive awards, in full ownership with no vesting nor other requirements, each quarter with an average award of approximately 37 shares per employee awarded. 
 
 The total cost of this program per year is approximately 300,000 with total shares awarded of approximately 15,000 shares. 
 
 In addition, the same process is utilized by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. at the conclusion of each year for the grant of stock bonuses to members of Management of First Guaranty Bank, selected by the Board of Directors of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Those awards have averaged approximately 275,000 or 12,500 shares per year. The SEC has requested information concerning this practice. No process has been instituted; only, a request for information. First Guaranty has provided the requested information. 

-42- 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared to conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and with predominant accounting practices within the banking industry. Certain critical estimates require judgment and estimates which are used in the preparation of the financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 We have identified the following critical accounting estimate that is critical to an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. 
 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan and lease losses when management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely. The allowance, which is based on evaluation of the collectability of loans and prior loan loss experience, is an amount that, in the opinion of management, reflects the risks inherent in the existing loan portfolio and exists at the reporting date. The evaluations take into consideration a number of subjective factors including changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, current economic conditions that may affect a borrower's ability to pay, adequacy of loan collateral and other relevant factors. 
 
 The following are general credit risk factors that affect our loan portfolio segments. These factors do not encompass all risks associated with each loan category. Construction and land development loans have risks associated with interim construction prior to permanent financing and repayment risks due to the future sale of developed property. Farmland and agricultural loans have risks such as weather, government agricultural policies, fuel and fertilizer costs, and market price volatility. One- to four-family residential, multifamily, and consumer credits are strongly influenced by employment levels, consumer debt loads and the general economy. Non-farm non-residential loans include both owner-occupied real estate and non-owner occupied real estate. Common risks associated with these properties is the ability to maintain tenant leases and keep lease income at a level able to service required debt and operating expenses. Commercial and industrial loans generally have non-real estate secured collateral which requires closer monitoring than real estate collateral. 
 
 Although management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, because of uncertainties associated with local economic conditions, collateral values and future cash flows on impaired loans, it is reasonably possible that a material change could occur in the allowance for loan and lease losses in the near term. However, the amount of the change that is reasonably possible cannot be estimated. The evaluation of the adequacy of loan collateral is often based upon estimates and appraisals. Because of changing economic conditions, the valuations determined from such estimates and appraisals may also change. Accordingly, we may ultimately incur losses that vary from management's current estimates. Adjustments to the allowance for loan and lease losses will be reported in the period such adjustments become known or can be reasonably estimated. All loan losses are charged to the allowance for loan and lease losses when the loss actually occurs or when the collectability of the principal is unlikely. Recoveries are credited to the allowance at the time of recovery. 
 
 Loans acquired in a business combination are recorded at their estimated fair value on their purchase date with no carryover of the related allowance for loan and lease losses. Acquired loans are segregated between those with deteriorated credit quality at acquisition and those deemed as performing. To make this determination, Management considers such factors as past due status, nonaccrual status, credit risk ratings, interest rates and collateral position. The fair value of acquired loans deemed performing is determined by discounting cash flows, both principal and interest, for each pool at prevailing market interest rates as well as consideration of inherent potential losses. The difference between the fair value and principal balances due at acquisition date, the fair value discount, is accreted into income over the estimated life of each loan pool. The fair value is estimated using an analysis of expected cash flows to be received from the loan and may include the use of third party appraisals to assist in the calculation. Performing acquired loans are subsequently evaluated for any required allowance at each reporting date. 
 
 The allowance consists of specific, general, and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as doubtful, substandard, and impaired. For such loans that are also classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. First Guaranty typically receives appraisals from independent third parties to facilitate this calculation. 
 
 The general component covers non-classified loans and special mention loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. 
 Qualitative factors include analysis of levels and trends in delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs and recoveries, loan risk ratings, trends in volume and terms of loans, changes in lending policy, credit concentrations, portfolio stress test results, national and local economic trends including the impact of COVID-19, industry conditions, and other relevant factors. 
 
 An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect the estimate of probable losses. 
 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses is reviewed on a monthly basis. The monitoring of credit risk also extends to unfunded credit commitments, such as unused commercial credit lines and letters of credit. A reserve is established as needed for estimates of probable losses on such commitments. 

-43- 

Financial Condition 
 
 Assets 
 
 Our total assets were 3.2 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 273.2 million, or 9.5 , from total assets of 2.9 billion at December 31, 2021. Assets increased primarily due to increases in net loans of 360.2 million and investment securities of 87.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 178.7 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loans 
 
 Net loans increased 360.2 million, or 16.9 , to 2.5 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Non-farm non-residential loan balances increased 106.5 million primarily due to new originations. One-to four-family loans increased 78.0 million primarily due to new originations. Commercial lease loan balances increased 71.6 million primarily due to new lease originations. First Guaranty has continued to expand its commercial lease portfolio which generally have higher yields than commercial real estate loans but shorter average lives. Construction and land development loans increased 58.8 million principally due to advances on existing construction lines and new originations. Multifamily loans increased 53.9 million primarily due to the conversion of existing construction loans to permanent financing. Agricultural loans increased 12.3 million primarily due to seasonal activity. Consumer and other loans decreased 0.3 million primarily due to payoffs. Farmland loans decreased 7.0 million due to decreases on agricultural loan commitments. Commercial and industrial loans decreased 13.1 million primarily due to payoffs. SBA PPP loans totaled 5.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 35.4 million at December 31, 2021. These totals are included in commercial and industrial loans. Round 1 SBA PPP loans decreased from 12.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 2.0 million at December 31, 2022 due to SBA loan forgiveness and payments received. Round 2 SBA PPP loans decreased from 22.6 million at December 31, 2021 to 3.9 million at December 31, 2022 due to SBA loan forgiveness and payments received. First Guaranty had approximately 4.8 of funded and 2.3 of unfunded commitments in our loan portfolio to businesses engaged in support or service activities for oil and gas operations. First Guaranty's hotel and hospitality portfolio totaled 160.2 million at December 31, 2022. As part of the management of risks in our loan portfolio, First Guaranty had previously established an internal guidance limit of approximately 200.0 million for its hotel and hospitality portfolio. First Guaranty had 333.8 million in loans related to our Texas markets at December 31, 2022 which was an increase of 76.0 million or 29.5 from 257.8 million at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty continues to have significant loan growth associated with its Texas branches. We anticipate additional growth opportunities in Texas as it contains four major cities in Austin, Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio, plus the continued growth and development of these areas is exceeding that of other areas of the country. First Guaranty had 210.9 million in loans related to our new Mideast markets in Kentucky and West Virginia at December 31, 2022. Syndicated loans at December 31, 2022 were 88.3 million, of which 26.6 million were shared national credits. Syndicated loans increased 40.9 million from 47.4 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 68.7 of our loan portfolio was secured by real estate. The largest portion of our loan portfolio, at 39.3 as of December 31, 2022, was non-farm non-residential loans secured by real estate. Approximately 39.8 of the loan portfolio was based on a floating rate tied to the prime rate or LIBOR as of December 31, 2022. 64.0 of the loan portfolio is scheduled to mature within five years from December 31, 2022. First Guaranty had 47.7 million in loans that were priced off of the LIBOR index rate at December 31, 2022. As it is anticipated that LIBOR will be discontinued after June 30, 2023, First Guaranty is reviewing its loan documents to determine alternative reference rates such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and does not anticipate there will be a significant financial statement impact with the transition. 

-44- 

Loan Portfolio Maturities . The following tables summarize the scheduled repayments of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. Maturities are based on the final contractual payment date and do not reflect the effect of prepayments and scheduled principal amortization. 
 
 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) One Year or Less More Than One Year Through Five Years More Than Five Years Through Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Real Estate: Construction land development 42,650 107,567 53,976 28,898 233,091 Farmland 3,314 7,927 2,163 11,419 24,823 1- 4 family 47,797 50,661 38,500 229,372 366,330 Multifamily 6,247 31,228 23,815 58,495 119,785 Non-farm non-residential 113,271 515,994 138,047 225,617 992,929 Total Real Estate 213,279 713,377 256,501 553,801 1,736,958 Non-Real Estate: Agricultural 12,957 6,496 9,135 10,457 39,045 Commercial and industrial 93,187 222,840 62,425 6,827 385,279 Commercial leases 46,052 271,522 317,574 Consumer and other 9,164 31,077 3,220 4,403 47,864 Total Non-Real Estate 161,360 531,935 74,780 21,687 789,762 Total Loans Before Unearned Income 374,639 1,245,312 331,281 575,488 2,526,720 Less: Unearned income (7,643) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 2,519,077 
 
 The following table sets forth the scheduled repayments of fixed and adjustable-rate loans at December 31, 2022 that are contractually due after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Due After December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Fixed Floating Total One year or less 234,921 137,203 372,124 One to five years 900,960 339,894 1,240,854 Over five to 15 years 114,425 216,251 330,676 Over 15 years 261,209 308,291 569,500 Subtotal 1,511,515 1,001,639 2,513,154 Nonaccrual loans 13,566 Total 2,526,720 
 
 Included in floating rate loans are loans that adjust to a floating rate following an initial fixed rate period. The initial fixed rate periods are typically one, three, or five year periods. 
 
 -45- 

Non-performing Assets 
 
 Non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans and other real-estate owned. Non-performing loans (including nonaccruing troubled debt restructurings described below) are those on which the accrual of interest has stopped or loans which are contractually 90 days past due on which interest continues to accrue. Loans are ordinarily placed on nonaccrual status when principal and interest is delinquent for 90 days or more. However, management may elect to continue the accrual when the estimated net available value of collateral is sufficient to cover the principal balance and accrued interest. It is our policy to discontinue the accrual of interest income on any loan for which we have reasonable doubt as to the payment of interest or principal. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid interest credited to income is reversed. Nonaccrual loans are returned to accrual status when the financial position of the borrower indicates there is no longer any reasonable doubt as to the payment of principal or interest. Other real estate owned consists of property acquired through formal foreclosure, in-substance foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure. 
 
 The following table shows the principal amounts and categories of our non-performing assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 -46- 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans: Real Estate: Construction and land development 225 530 Farmland 290 787 1- 4 family 3,826 2,861 Multifamily Non-farm non-residential 3,746 8,733 Total Real Estate 8,087 12,911 Non-Real Estate: Agricultural 1,622 2,302 Commercial and industrial 819 699 Commercial leases 1,799 Consumer and other 1,239 803 Total Non-Real Estate 5,479 3,804 Total nonaccrual loans 13,566 16,715 Loans 90 days and greater delinquent still accruing: Real Estate: Construction and land development 427 246 Farmland 1- 4 family 332 514 Multifamily 157 162 Non-farm non-residential 103 281 Total Real Estate 1,019 1,203 Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial 123 23 Commercial leases Consumer and other 19 Total Non-Real Estate 123 42 Total loans 90 days and greater delinquent still accruing 1,142 1,245 Total non-performing loans 14,708 17,960 Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets: Real Estate: Construction and land development Farmland 1- 4 family 113 817 Multifamily Non-farm non-residential 1,255 Total Real Estate 113 2,072 Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real estate Total other real estate owned and foreclosed assets 113 2,072 Total non-performing assets 14,821 20,032 Non-performing assets to total loans 0.59 0.93 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.47 0.70 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.58 0.83 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.54 0.77 Allowance for loan and lease losses to nonaccrual loans 173.36 143.76 
 -47- 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross interest income which would have been recorded had the non-performing loans been current in accordance with their original terms amounted to 0.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively. We recognized 0.2 million and 0.1 million of interest income on such loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross interest income which would have been recorded had the troubled debt restructured loans been current in accordance with their original terms amounted to 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively. We recognized 0.1 million and 0.2 million of interest income on such loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Non-performing assets were 14.8 million, or 0.47 , of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 20.0 million, or 0.70 , of total assets at December 31, 2021, which represented a decrease in non-performing assets of 5.2 million. The decrease in non-performing assets occurred primarily due to a reduction in nonaccrual loans, 90 days or greater delinquent and still accruing, other real estate owned. Contributing to the decrease was a sale of a 3.4 million real estate secured nonaccrual loan in the second quarter of 2022. This loan was previously reported as a TDR. A real estate secured loan in the amount of 1.7 million was returned to performing status from nonaccrual. A 0.5 million real estate secured loan was returned to performing status from nonaccrual. Both of these loans demonstrated satisfactory payment performance in order to be returned to performing status. First Guaranty sold smaller OREO properties during 2022 which also contributed to the reduction in non-performing assets. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans decreased from 16.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 13.6 million at December 31, 2022. The decrease in nonaccrual loans was concentrated primarily in non-farm non-residential, agricultural, farmland and construction and land development loans. Non-performing assets included 1.0 million in loans with a government guarantee, or 6.69 of non-performing assets. These are structured as net loss guarantees in which up to 90 of loss exposure is covered. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 loans 90 days and greater delinquent and still accruing totaled 1.1 million, a decrease of 0.1 million or 8.3 from 1.2 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in loans 90 days or greater delinquent and still accruing was concentrated primarily in one-to four-family residential, non-farm non-residential and consumer and other loans. 
 
 Other real estate owned at December 31, 2022 totaled 0.1 million, a decrease of 2.0 million from 2.1 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a retail shopping center property with a net book value of 1.1 million being sold in October 2022. The sale of other smaller properties resulted in an additional reduction of 1.0 million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our largest non-performing assets were comprised of the following nonaccrual loans: (1) a commercial lease loan that totaled 1.8 million; (2) a non-farm non-residential loan secured by a mobile home facility that totaled 1.3 million; (3) a non-farm nonresidential loan that totaled 1.1 million. This loan was originated for the sale of other real estate owned, the previously mentioned retail shopping center, and was included in nonaccrual until establishment of a satisfactory payment history by the borrower; (4) a non-farm non-residential loan secured by a waste treatment facility that totaled 0.9 million; and (5) an agricultural/farmland loan relationship that totaled 0.9 million. The agricultural loan is partially guaranteed by the USDA Farm Service Agency. 
 
 -48- 

Troubled Debt Restructuring. Another category of assets which contribute to our credit risk is troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs"). A TDR is a loan for which a concession has been granted to the borrower due to a deterioration of the borrower's financial condition. Such concessions may include reduction in interest rates, deferral of interest or principal payments, principal forgiveness and other actions intended to minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. We strive to identify borrowers in financial difficulty early and work with them to modify to more affordable terms before such loan reaches nonaccrual status. In evaluating whether to restructure a loan, management analyzes the long-term financial condition of the borrower, including guarantor and collateral support, to determine whether the proposed concessions will increase the likelihood of repayment of principal and interest. TDRs that are not performing in accordance with their restructured terms and are either contractually 90 days past due or placed on nonaccrual status are reported as non-performing loans. Our policy provides that nonaccrual TDRs are returned to accrual status after a period of satisfactory and reasonable future payment performance under the terms of the restructuring. Satisfactory payment performance is generally no less than six consecutive months of timely payments and demonstrated ability to continue to repay. 
 
 Under section 4013 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), which was signed into law on March 27, 2020 and subsequently modified by later legislation, financial institutions have the option to temporarily suspend certain requirements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles related to troubled debt restructurings for a limited period of time to account for the effects of COVID-19. This provision allows a financial institution the option to not apply the guidance on accounting for troubled debt restructurings to loan modifications, such as extensions or deferrals, related to COVID-19 made between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of (i) January 1, 2022 or (ii) 60 days after the end of the COVID-19 national emergency. The relief can only be applied to modifications for borrowers that were not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. First Guaranty elected to adopt these provisions of the CARES Act. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, First Guaranty had one outstanding TDR which was a 1.1 million farmland loan. The restructuring of this loan was related to interest rate and amortization concessions. The TDR at December 31, 2021 was a 3.4 million non-farm non-residential loan secured by commercial real estate that was on nonaccrual. The restructuring of this loan was related to interest rate and amortization concessions. The loan was secured by a hotel facility. This loan was not eligible for a CARES Act modification. This loan was subsequently sold in the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 The TDR requirements became inapplicable to First Guaranty upon our adoption of CECL on January 1, 2023. 

-49- 

Classified Assets . Federal regulations provide for the classification of loans and other assets, such as debt and equity securities considered by the FDIC to be of lesser quality, as "substandard," "doubtful" or "loss." An asset is considered "substandard" if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. "Substandard" assets include those characterized by the "distinct possibility" that the insured institution will sustain "some loss" if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as "doubtful" have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified as "substandard," with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make "collection or liquidation in full," on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, "highly questionable and improbable." Assets classified as "loss" are those considered "uncollectible" and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific allowance for loan and lease losses is not warranted. Assets that do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are designated as "special mention" by our management. 
 
 When an insured institution classifies problem assets as either substandard or doubtful, it may establish general allowances in an amount deemed prudent by management to cover losses that were both probable and reasonable to estimate. General allowances represent allowances which have been established to cover accrued losses associated with lending activities that were both probable and reasonable to estimate, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as "loss," it is required either to establish a specific allowance for losses equal to 100 of that portion of the asset so classified or to charge-off such amount. An institution's determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the regulatory authorities, which may require the establishment of additional general or specific allowances. 
 
 In connection with the filing of our periodic regulatory reports and in accordance with our classification of assets policy, we continuously assess the quality of our loan portfolio and we regularly review the problem loans in our loan portfolio to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Loans are listed on the "watch list" initially because of emerging financial weaknesses even though the loan is currently performing as agreed, or delinquency status, or if the loan possesses weaknesses although currently performing. Management reviews the status of our loan portfolio delinquencies, by product types, with the full board of directors on a monthly basis. Individual classified loan relationships are discussed as warranted. If a loan deteriorates in asset quality, the classification is changed to "special mention," "substandard," "doubtful" or "loss" depending on the circumstances and the evaluation. Generally, loans 90 days or more past due are placed on nonaccrual status and classified "substandard." 
 
 We also employ a risk grading system for our loans to help assure that we are not taking unnecessary and/or unmanageable risk. The primary objective of the loan risk grading system is to establish a method of assessing credit risk to further enable management to measure loan portfolio quality and the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses. Further, we contract with an external loan review firm to complete a credit risk assessment of the loan portfolio on a regular basis to help determine the current level and direction of our credit risk. The external loan review firm communicates the results of their findings to the Bank's audit committee. Any material issues discovered in an external loan review are also communicated to us immediately. 
 
 The decrease in classified assets at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 was due to a 10.6 million decrease in substandard loans. Substandard loans at December 31, 2022 consisted of 9.8 million in one- to four-family residential, 9.0 million in non-farm non-residential, 8.3 million in commercial and industrial, 5.1 million in farmland, 4.0 million in agricultural, 2.3 million in multifamily, 1.8 million in commercial leases, 0.8 million in construction and land development, and the remaining 1.6 million comprised of consumer and other loans. Special mention loans decreased by 108.4 million in 2022. The decrease in special mention loans was primarily the result of the upgrade of several loan relationships from special mention to pass status. The largest industry type was associated with hotel loans. First Guaranty had previously moved several hotel relationships to special mention following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 -50- 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses is maintained to absorb potential losses in the loan portfolio. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses offset by recoveries of previously charged-off loans and is decreased by loan charge-offs. The provision is a charge to current expense to provide for current loan losses and to maintain the allowance commensurate with management's evaluation of the risks inherent in the loan portfolio. Various factors are taken into consideration when determining the amount of the provision and the adequacy of the allowance. These factors include but are not limited to: 
 past due and non-performing assets; 
 specific internal analysis of loans requiring special attention; 
 the current level of regulatory classified and criticized assets and the associated risk factors with each; 
 changes in underwriting standards or lending procedures and policies; 
 charge-off and recovery practices; 
 national and local economic and business conditions including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 nature and volume of loans; 
 overall portfolio quality, loan concentrations and portfolio stress test results; 
 adequacy of loan collateral; 
 quality of loan review system and degree of oversight by our board of directors; 
 competition and legal and regulatory requirements on borrowers; 
 examinations of the loan portfolio by federal and state regulatory agencies and examinations; and 
 review by our internal loan review department and independent accountants. 
 
 The data collected from all sources in determining the adequacy of the allowance is evaluated on a regular basis by management with regard to current national and local economic trends, prior loss history, underlying collateral values, credit concentrations and industry risks. An estimate of potential loss on specific loans is developed in conjunction with an overall risk evaluation of the total loan portfolio. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as new information becomes available. 
 
 The allowance consists of specific, general, and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as doubtful, substandard, and impaired. For such loans that are also classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. Also, a specific reserve is allocated for our syndicated loans, including shared national credits. The general component covers non-classified loans and special mention loans and is based on historical loss experience for the past three years adjusted for qualitative factors described above. An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect the estimate of probable losses. 
 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses was 23.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 24.0 million at December 31, 2021. 

-51- 

The balance in the allowance for loan and lease losses is principally influenced by the provision for loan losses and by net loan loss experience. Additions to the allowance are charged to the provision for loan losses. Losses are charged to the allowance as incurred and recoveries on losses previously charged to the allowance are credited to the allowance at the time recovery is collected. The table below reflects the activity in the allowance for loan and lease losses for the years indicated. 
 
 At or For the Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of year 24,029 24,518 Charge-offs: Real Estate: Construction and land development (65) (92) Farmland 1- 4 family (94) (266) Multifamily (12) Non-farm non-residential (603) (1,020) Total Real Estate (762) (1,390) Non-Real Estate: Agricultural (460) (149) Commercial and industrial loans (563) (89) Commercial leases (150) Consumer and other (4,151) (1,494) Total Non-Real Estate (5,324) (1,732) Total charge-offs (6,086) (3,122) Recoveries: Real Estate: Construction and land development 340 Farmland 90 1- 4 family 76 44 Multifamily 452 Non-farm non-residential 349 7 Total Real Estate 1,217 141 Non-Real Estate: Agricultural 133 17 Commercial and industrial loans 91 96 Commercial leases 5 4 Consumer and other 473 320 Total Non-Real Estate 702 437 Total recoveries 1,919 578 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (4,167) (2,544) Provision for loan losses 3,656 2,055 Balance at end of year 23,518 24,029 Ratios: Net loan charge-offs to average loans 0.18 0.13 Net loan charge-offs to loans at end of year 0.17 0.12 Allowance for loan and lease losses to loans at end of year 0.93 1.11 Net loan charge-offs to allowance for loan and lease losses 17.72 10.59 Net loan charge-offs to provision charged to expense 113.98 123.80 
 
 -52- 

A provision for loan losses of 3.7 million was made during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2.1 million for 2021. The provisions made in 2022 were taken to provide for current loan losses and to maintain the allowance proportionate to risks inherent in the loan portfolio. First Guaranty s incurred loan loss calculation method incorporates risk factors in the loan portfolio such as historical loss rates along with qualitative and quantitative factors. The composition of the loan portfolio affects the final allowance calculation. 
 
 The loan portfolio factors in 2022 that primarily affected the allocation of the allowance included the following: 
 
 The loan portfolio risks that changed and affected the allocation of the allowance were due to changes in historical loss rates, adjustments of certain qualitative factors to take into account the current estimated impact of COVID-19 and changes in other market conditions, loan concentrations including those related to commercial real estate and loan relationships and related economic conditions on borrowers' ability to repay loans and for allocations to impaired loans within their respective categories. 
 
 Construction and land development loans increased during 2022 due to advances on existing construction lines of credit and new loan originations. Several loans previously in this category moved to permanent financing and are now included in the multifamily loan category as of December 31, 2022. The allowance increase related to this portfolio was due to growth in the portfolio along with changes in the qualitative analysis of the portfolio related to economic conditions. 
 
 One-to-four family residential loans increased during 2022. The allowance decrease related to this portfolio was due to changes in the qualitative analysis of the portfolio related to COVID-19 and improving economic conditions. 
 
 Multifamily loans increased during 2022. The allowance related to this portfolio decreased due to improving economic conditions. 
 
 Non-farm non-residential loans increased by 106.5 million during 2022. The allowance decrease related to this portfolio was due to the sale of an impaired loan with a specific reserve, the payoff of a substandard loan, and improved credit quality in this portfolio. There was growth in the portfolio along with changes in the qualitative analysis of the portfolio related to COVID-19 and historical loss rates. First Guaranty continues to maintain a significant allowance for hotel loans based on qualitative factors primarily related to COVID-19 and related credit ratings for hotel loans. Special mention loans in this category declined which also contributed to a reduction in the related allowance. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans decreased during 2022. The allowance decrease related to this portfolio was due to the changes in historical loss rates and changes in the qualitative analysis of the portfolio related to COVID-19 and economic conditions. 
 
 Commercial leases increased during 2022. The allowance increase related to this portfolio was due to the changes in historical loss rates and changes in the qualitative analysis of the portfolio related to COVID-19 and due to growth in the portfolio. Commercial leases grew during 2022 from 246.0 million at December 31, 2021 to 317.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 First Guaranty continues to monitor the acquired loans from prior acquisitions. Discounts on the acquired loans were approximately 1.1 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 First Guaranty charged off 6.1 million in loan balances during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.1 million for 2021. Recoveries totaled 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 0.6 million during 2021. The details of the 6.1 million in charged-off loans were as follows: 
 
 1. First Guaranty charged off 1.9 million in consumer loans related to Hurricane Ida relief loans during 2022. These loans were originated in the Fall of 2021 following Hurricane Ida that impacted Southeast Louisiana on August 29, 2021. 
 2. First Guaranty charged off 0.4 million on a non-farm non-residential loan during the second quarter of 2022. This loan was subsequently sold in the second quarter of 2022. 
 3. First Guaranty charged off 0.3 million on an agricultural loan during the third quarter of 2022. This loan had no remaining principal balance at December 31, 2022. 
 4. First Guaranty charged off 0.2 million on a commercial lease loan during the third quarter of 2022. This loan had no remaining principal balance at December 31, 2022. 
 5. Smaller loans and overdrawn deposit accounts comprised the remaining 3.3 million of charge-offs for 2022. 
 
 -53- 

Allocation of Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. The following tables set forth the allowance for loan and lease losses allocated by loan category and the percent of loans in each category to total loans at the dates indicated. The allowance for loan and lease losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category and does not restrict the use of the allowance for losses in other categories. 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Percent of Allowance to Total Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Percent of Allowance to Total Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Real Estate: Construction and land development 1,232 5.2 9.2 769 3.2 8.1 Farmland 83 0.4 1.0 478 2.0 1.5 1- 4 family 1,761 7.5 14.5 1,921 8.0 13.3 Multifamily 746 3.2 4.7 940 3.9 3.0 Non-farm non-residential 9,280 39.5 39.3 12,730 53.0 40.9 Non-Real Estate: Agricultural 240 1.0 1.5 183 0.8 1.2 Commercial and industrial 2,194 9.3 15.3 2,363 9.8 18.4 Commercial leases 4,879 20.7 12.6 2,486 10.3 11.4 Consumer and other 2,506 10.7 1.9 1,371 5.7 2.2 Unallocated 597 2.5 788 3.3 Total Allowance 23,518 100.0 100.0 24,029 100.0 100.0 
 
 The following table presents net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands except for Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Average Loans Outstanding 1 
 Net Charge-offs During Period to Average Loans Outstanding Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Average Loans Outstanding 1 
 Net Charge-offs During Period to Average Loans Outstanding Real Estate: Construction land development 275 203,364 0.1 (92) 168,269 (0.1) Farmland 27,343 90 28,596 0.3 1- 4 Family (18) 330,752 (222) 281,835 (0.1) Multifamily 452 103,194 0.4 (12) 95,936 Non-farm non-residential (254) 957,858 (1,013) 845,428 (0.1) Non-Real Estate: Agricultural (327) 38,175 (0.9) (132) 30,888 (0.4) Commercial and industrial (472) 390,183 (0.1) 7 357,746 Commercial leases (145) 273,367 (0.1) 4 220,747 Consumer and other (3,678) 48,301 (7.6) (1,174) 43,957 (2.7) 
 1 Average loans outstanding was calculated using the trailing four quarters total for loans. 
 
 -54- 

Investment Securities 
 
 Investment securities at December 31, 2022 totaled 451.5 million, an increase of 87.4 million, or 24.0 , compared to 364.2 million at December 31, 2021. We purchase securities for our investment portfolio to provide a source of liquidity, to provide an appropriate return on funds invested, to manage interest rate risk and meet pledging requirements for public funds and borrowings. 
 
 The securities portfolio consisted principally of U.S. Government and Government agency securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt securities and municipal bonds. U.S. government agencies consist of FHLB, Federal Farm Credit Bank ("FFCB"), Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae obligations. Mortgage-backed securities that we purchase are issued by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. Management monitors the securities portfolio for both credit and interest rate risk. We generally limit the purchase of corporate securities to individual issuers to manage concentration and credit risk. Corporate securities generally have a maturity of 10 years or less. U.S. Government securities consist of U.S. Treasury bills that have maturities of less than 30 days. Government agency securities generally have maturities of 15 years or less. Agency mortgage-backed securities have stated final maturities of 15 to 20 years. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the U.S. Government and Government agency securities and municipal bonds qualified as securities available to collateralize public funds. Securities pledged as collateral totaled 260.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 234.9 million at December 31, 2021. Our public funds deposits have a seasonal increase due to tax collections at the end of the year and the first quarter. We typically collateralize the seasonal public fund increases with short term instruments such as U.S. Treasuries or other agency backed securities. 
 
 Our available for sale securities portfolio totaled 131.5 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 79.2 million, or 37.6 , compared to 210.6 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the transfer of AFS securities to the HTM portfolio in the first quarter of 2022 of 165.8 million that was partially offset by purchases. 
 
 Our held to maturity securities portfolio had an amortized cost of 320.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 153.5 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the transfer of AFS securities to the HTM portfolio in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 The following tables set forth the stated maturities and weighted average yields of our investment securities at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 One Year or Less More than One Year through Five Years More than Five Years through Ten Years More than Ten Years (in thousands except for Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Available for sale: U.S. Treasuries 49,885 0.6 48,615 1.0 U.S. Government Agencies 2.3 Corporate debt securities 15,998 5.4 Municipal bonds 1,026 2.8 3,049 3.5 3,131 4.4 7,141 3.5 Mortgage-backed securities 5 3.0 2,608 4.0 Total available for sale securities 50,911 0.6 51,664 1.1 19,134 5.2 9,749 3.7 Held to maturity: U.S. Government Agencies 19,458 1.6 245,574 2.5 Corporate debt securities 402 20.6 54,634 3.2 Total held to maturity securities 402 20.6 74,092 2.8 245,574 2.5 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 50.9 million, or 11.3 , of the securities portfolio was scheduled to mature in less than one year. Securities, not including mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, with contractual maturity dates over 10 years totaled 252.7 million, or 56.0 , of the total portfolio at December 31, 2022. We closely monitor the investment portfolio's yield, duration, and maturity to ensure a satisfactory return. The average maturity of the securities portfolio is affected by call options that may be exercised by the issuer of the securities and are influenced by market interest rates. Prepayments of mortgages that collateralize mortgage-backed securities also affect the maturity of the securities portfolio. 

-55- 

Deposits 
 
 Managing the mix and pricing the maturities of deposit liabilities is an important factor affecting our ability to maximize our net interest margin. The strategies used to manage interest-bearing deposit liabilities are designed to adjust as the interest rate environment changes. We regularly assess our funding needs, deposit pricing and interest rate outlooks. From December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, total deposits increased 127.3 million, or 4.9 , to 2.7 billion. Noninterest-bearing demand deposits decreased 8.2 million, or 1.5 to 524.4 million at December 31, 2022. The increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits was primarily due to growth of compensating balances associated with new loan originations, existing loan customers, and new customers as part of First Guaranty's efforts to increase lower cost deposits. Interest-bearing demand deposits increased 184.7 million, or 14.5 , to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase in interest-bearing demand deposits was primarily concentrated in public funds interest-bearing demand deposits. Savings deposits increased 4.1 million, or 2.0 , to 205.8 million at December 31, 2022, primarily related to increases in individual savings deposits. Time deposits decreased 53.3 million, or 9.1 , to 533.4 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to decreases in consumer and business time deposits. 
 
 As we seek to strengthen our net interest margin and improve our earnings, attracting non-interest-bearing or lower cost deposits will be a primary emphasis. Management will continue to evaluate and update our product mix and related technology in its efforts to attract additional customers. We currently offer a number of deposit products that are competitively priced and designed to attract and retain customers with primary emphasis on noninterest-bearing deposits and other lower cost deposits. 
 
 The following table sets forth the distribution of deposit accounts, by account type, for the dates indicated. 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Total Deposits 2022 2021 (in thousands except for Average Balance Percent Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Percent Weighted Average Rate Noninterest-bearing Demand 552,786 20.7 477,802 19.8 Interest-bearing Demand 1,362,396 50.9 1.6 1,082,922 45.0 0.7 Savings 212,329 7.9 0.4 191,967 8.0 0.1 Time 546,776 20.5 2.0 655,025 27.2 2.0 Total Deposits 2,674,287 100.0 1.2 2,407,716 100.0 0.8 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Individual and Business Deposits 2022 2021 (in thousands except for Average Balance Percent Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Percent Weighted Average Rate Noninterest-bearing Demand 544,948 32.9 471,371 29.7 Interest-bearing Demand 424,257 25.7 2.1 390,481 24.6 1.0 Savings 170,571 10.3 0.1 154,560 9.8 0.1 Time 514,167 31.1 2.0 569,924 35.9 2.2 Total Individual and Business Deposits 1,653,943 100.0 1.2 1,586,336 100.0 1.0 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Public Fund Deposits 2022 2021 (in thousands except for Average Balance Percent Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Percent Weighted Average Rate Noninterest-bearing Demand 7,838 0.8 6,431 0.8 Interest-bearing Demand 938,139 91.9 1.3 692,441 84.3 0.5 Savings 41,758 4.1 1.9 37,407 4.5 0.2 Time 32,609 3.2 1.4 85,101 10.4 0.8 Total Public Fund Deposits 1,020,344 100.0 1.4 821,380 100.0 0.5 
 
 -56- 

At December 31, 2022, public funds deposits totaled 1.1 billion compared to 957.9 million at December 31, 2021. Public funds time deposits totaled 32.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 31.4 million at December 31, 2021. Public funds deposits increased due to new balances from existing customers that was primarily attributed to seasonal fluctuations. First Guaranty has developed a program for the retention and management of public funds deposits. Since the end of 2012, First Guaranty has maintained public funds deposits in excess of 400.0 million. These deposits are from public entities such as school districts, hospital districts, sheriff departments and municipalities. The majority of these funds are under fiscal agency agreements with terms of three years or less. Deposits under fiscal agency agreements are generally stable but public entities may maintain the ability to negotiate term deposits on a specific basis including with other financial institutions. These deposits generally have stable balances as we maintain both operating accounts and time deposits for these entities. There is a seasonal component to public deposit levels associated with annual tax collections. Public funds will increase at the end of the year and during the first quarter. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, there are monthly fluctuations associated with internal payroll and short-term tax collection accounts for our public funds deposit accounts. Public funds deposit accounts are collateralized by FHLB letters of credit, by expanded reciprocal deposit insurance programs, by Louisiana municipal bonds and by eligible government and government agency securities such as those issued by the FHLB, FFCB, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac. First Guaranty continues to grow the proportion of its public funds portfolio that is collateralized by reciprocal deposit insurance as an alternative to pledging securities or utilizing FHLB letters of credit. First Guaranty initiated this strategy to more efficiently invest these deposits in higher yielding loans to improve the net interest margin and earnings. Total public funds collateralized by reciprocal deposit insurance programs increased to 576.3 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 496.4 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table sets forth public funds as a percent of total deposits. 
 At December 31, (in thousands except for 2022 2021 Public Funds: Noninterest-bearing Demand 11,730 5,919 Interest-bearing Demand 1,022,760 882,156 Savings 46,354 38,432 Time 32,427 31,365 Total Public Funds 1,113,271 957,872 Total Deposits 2,723,792 2,596,492 Total Public Funds as a percent of Total Deposits 40.9 36.9 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of outstanding certificates of deposit in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000 was approximately 155.0 million. At December 31, 2022, approximately 65.5 million of our certificates of deposit greater than or equal to 250,000 had a remaining term greater than one year. 
 
 The total amount of our uninsured deposits (deposits in excess of 250,000, as calculated in accordance with FDIC regulations) was estimated at 384.5 million at December 31, 2022. This total excludes public funds deposits that are collateralized by securities or FHLB letters of credit. 
 
 The following table sets forth the maturity of certificates of deposits greater than 250,000 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 Three months or less 16,534 Three to six months 10,530 Six months to one year 50,600 One to three years 49,794 More than three years 6,013 Total certificates of deposit greater than 250,000 133,471 
 -57- 

Borrowings 
 
 First Guaranty maintains borrowing relationships with other financial institutions as well as the Federal Home Loan Bank on a short and long-term basis to meet liquidity needs. First Guaranty had 146.4 million in short-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 compared to 6.4 million outstanding at December 31, 2021. The short-term borrowings at December 31, 2022 were comprised of short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances of 120.0 million, a line of credit of 20.0 million with an outstanding balance of 20.0 million and repurchase agreements of 6.4 million. The short-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2021 were comprised of repurchase agreements of 6.4 million. First Guaranty had available lines of credit of 26.5 million, with 20.0 million outstanding at December 31, 2022. A net availability of 6.5 million remained. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 388.6 million in FHLB letters of credit outstanding obtained primarily for collateralizing public deposits compared to 250.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 First Guaranty had senior long-term debt totaling 21.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 25.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 First Guaranty had a long-term FHLB advance that was acquired from the Union transaction that totaled 3.2 million at December 31, 2021. This advance was paid off during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 First Guaranty also had subordinated debt totaling 15.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 14.8 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Shareholders' Equity 
 
 Total shareholders' equity increased to 235.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 223.9 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in shareholders' equity was principally the result of an increase of 19.7 million in retained earnings, partially offset by an increase of 8.6 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The 19.7 million increase in retained earnings was due to net income of 28.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by 6.9 million in cash dividends paid on shares of our common stock and 2.3 million in cash dividends paid on shares of our preferred stock. The increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss was primarily attributed to the increase in unrealized losses on available for sale securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 -58- 

Results of Operations 
 
 A discussion regarding significant changes in our financial condition from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021 and our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 can be found under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022, which is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on our website, www.fgb.net. 
 
 Performance Summary 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared with year ended December 31, 2021. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.9 million, an increase of 1.6 million, or 5.8 , as compared to 27.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net income of 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was the result of several factors. First Guaranty experienced an increase in interest income and an increase in noninterest income. This was partially offset by an increase in interest expense, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in noninterest expense. Loan interest income increased due to the growth in First Guaranty's loan portfolio, including loan fees recognized as an adjustment to yield from the origination of the SBA guaranteed PPP loans. Securities interest income increased due to an increase in the average balance of the investment portfolio. Noninterest income increased primarily due to gains on the sale of loans during the third quarter of 2022. Factors that partially offset the increase in net income included an increase in interest expense due to increases in volume and market interest rates. The increase in the provision was related to growth in the loan portfolio and due to elevated charge-offs as compared to the same period in 2021. Noninterest expense increased primarily due to increased personnel expenses, software expense, legal and professional fees, travel expense and capital taxes. Earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 was 2.48 per common share, an increase of 2.5 or 0.06 per common share from 2.42 per common share for the year ended December 31, 2021. Earnings per share was affected by the increase in earnings. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Our operating results depend primarily on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets, including loans and securities, and interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, including deposits and other borrowed funds. Interest rate fluctuations, as well as changes in the amount and type of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, combine to affect net interest income. First Guaranty s assets and liabilities are generally most affected by changes in the Federal Funds rate, LIBOR rate, short term Treasury rates such as one month and three month Treasury bills, and longer term Treasury rates such as the U.S. ten year Treasury rate. These rates increased in 2022 due to the impact of inflation and the Federal Reserves actions to reduce inflation by increasing interest rates. Our net interest income is affected by changes in the amount and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. There may also be a time lag in the effect of interest rate changes on assets and liabilities. It is also affected by changes in yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and other borrowed funds. 
 
 A financial institution's asset and liability structure is substantially different from that of a non-financial company, in that virtually all assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Accordingly, changes in interest rates may have a significant impact on a financial institution's performance. The impact of interest rate changes depends on the sensitivity to the change of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The effects of the changing interest rate environment in recent periods and our interest sensitivity position is discussed below. 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared with year ended December 31, 2021 . Net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100.0 million and 89.6 million, respectively. The increase in net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of our total interest-earning assets and an increase in the average yield of our total interest-earning assets, partially offset by an increase in the average balance of our total interest-bearing liabilities and an increase in the average rate of our total interest-bearing liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average balance of our total interest-earning assets increased by 274.5 million to 2.9 billion due to increased securities balances, and strong growth in our loan portfolio. The average yield of our interest-earning assets increased by 45 basis points to 4.74 from 4.29 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to an improved mix of higher yielding assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average balance of our total interest-bearing liabilities increased by 185.0 million to 2.2 billion due to the growth in low cost deposits and the average rate of our total interest-bearing liabilities increased by 55 basis points to 1.66 from 1.11 for the year ended 2021. The rise in market interest rates, particularly associated with Treasury rates, contributed to the increase in our liabilities cost. Treasury rates increased as the Federal Reserve increased rates to address rising inflation during 2022. As a result, our net interest rate spread decreased 10 basis points to 3.08 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.18 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net interest margin increased three basis points to 3.47 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.44 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

-59- 

Interest Income 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared with year ended December 31, 2021 . Interest income increased 24.7 million, or 22.0 , to 136.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. First Guaranty's loan portfolio expanded during 2022 due to growth associated with our loan originations. These factors contributed to the increase in interest income as the average balance of our total interest-earning assets, primarily associated with loans, increased, and the average yield of interest-earning assets increased. The average balance of our interest-earning assets increased 274.5 million to 2.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. The average yield of interest-earning assets increased by 45 basis points to 4.74 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.29 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest income on securities increased 1.0 million to 9.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year primarily as a result of an increase in average balances. The average balance of securities increased 119.6 million to 452.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 332.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in the average balance of our U.S. Treasuries securities portfolio compared to the prior year. The average yield on securities decreased by 43 basis points to 2.05 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.48 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the increase in lower yielding Treasury securities. 
 
 Interest income on loans increased 22.6 million, or 21.9 , to 126.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of an increase in the average balance and average yield of loans. The average balance of loans (excluding loans held for sale) increased by 284.2 million to 2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of new loan originations. The average yield on loans (excluding loans held for sale) increased by 35 basis points to 5.48 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.13 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the improved mix of loans along with an increase in market interest rates. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared with year ended December 31, 2021 . Interest expense increased 14.2 million, or 63.8 , to 36.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 22.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to an increase in market interest rates and due to an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities. The average rate of interest-bearing demand deposits increased by 90 basis points during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 1.57 as compared to 0.67 for the prior year. The increase in market interest rates, particularly U.S. Treasury rates, contributed to the increase in rates paid on interest-bearing demand deposits. Treasury rates increased as the Federal Reserve increased rates to address increased inflation in the U.S. economy. The average rate of time deposits decreased two basis points during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 1.95 as compared to 1.97 for the prior year. The decrease in the average rate of time deposits was due to First Guaranty's efforts to reprice maturing time deposits to more attractive rates. The average balance of interest-bearing liabilities increased by 185.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 2.2 billion. This increase was a result of a 279.5 million increase in the average balance of interest-bearing demand deposits, a 20.4 million increase in the average balance of savings deposits, which were partially offset by a 108.2 million decrease in the average balance of time deposits and a 6.6 million decrease in the average balance of borrowings. 
 
 Average Balances and Yields. The following table sets forth average balance sheet balances, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the years indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments were made, as the effect thereof was not material. All average balances are daily average balances. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. Loans, net of unearned income, include loans held for sale. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. 
 
 The net interest income yield presented below is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets and is a measure of the efficiency of the earnings from the balance sheet activities. It is affected by changes in the difference between interest on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the percentage of interest-earning assets funded by interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 -60- 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands except for Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-earning deposits with banks(1) 130,406 1,324 1.02 258,916 316 0.12 Securities (including FHLB stock) 452,213 9,250 2.05 332,566 8,248 2.48 Federal funds sold 256 1,052 Loans held for sale 16 Loans, net of unearned income (6) 2,298,273 126,002 5.48 2,014,095 103,353 5.13 Total interest-earning assets 2,881,148 136,576 4.74 2,606,645 111,917 4.29 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 18,833 15,077 Premises and equipment, net 58,197 59,739 Other assets 29,509 26,551 Total Assets 2,987,687 2,708,012 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 1,362,396 21,419 1.57 1,082,922 7,237 0.67 Savings deposits 212,329 915 0.43 191,967 204 0.11 Time deposits 546,776 10,682 1.95 655,025 12,893 1.97 Borrowings 75,962 3,518 4.63 82,565 1,965 2.38 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,197,463 36,534 1.66 2,012,479 22,299 1.11 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 552,786 477,802 Other 9,669 10,619 Total Liabilities 2,759,918 2,500,900 Shareholders' Equity 227,769 207,112 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 2,987,687 2,708,012 Net interest income 100,042 89,618 Net interest rate spread(2) 3.08 3.18 Net interest-earning assets(3) 683,685 594,166 Net interest margin(4)(5) 3.47 3.44 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 131.11 129.52 
 (1) Includes Federal Reserve balances reported in cash and due from banks on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (3) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (4) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 (5) The tax adjusted net interest margin was 3.48 and 3.44 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A 21 tax rate was used to calculate the effect on securities income from tax exempt securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (6) Includes loan fees of 7.8 million and 7.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. PPP loan fee income of 1.3 million and 2.0 million was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 -61- 

Volume/Rate Analysis . 
 
 The following table presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the years indicated. The table distinguishes between: (1) changes attributable to volume (changes in volume multiplied by the prior year's rate); (2) changes attributable to rate (change in rate multiplied by the prior year's volume) and (3) total increase (decrease) (the sum of the previous columns). Changes attributable to both volume and rate are allocated ratably between the volume and rate categories. 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due To (in thousands except for Volume Rate Increase/ Decrease Interest earned on: Interest-earning deposits with banks (230) 1,238 1,008 Securities (including FHLB stock) 2,618 (1,616) 1,002 Federal funds sold Loans held for sale Loans, net of unearned income 15,254 7,395 22,649 Total interest income 17,642 7,017 24,659 Interest paid on: Demand deposits 2,273 11,909 14,182 Savings deposits 23 688 711 Time deposits (2,115) (96) (2,211) Borrowings (169) 1,722 1,553 Total interest expense 12 14,223 14,235 Change in net interest income 17,630 (7,206) 10,424 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 
 A provision for loan losses is a charge to income in an amount that management believes is necessary to maintain an adequate allowance for loan and lease losses. The provision is based on management's regular evaluation of current economic conditions in our specific markets as well as regionally and nationally, changes in the character and size of the loan portfolio, underlying collateral values securing loans, and other factors which deserve recognition in estimating loan losses. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as future events change. 
 
 We recorded a 3.7 million provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.1 million for 2021. The allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 was 23.5 million or 0.93 of total loans, compared to 24.0 million or 1.11 of total loans at December 31, 2021. Total charge-offs were 6.1 million for year ended December 31, 2022 and 3.1 million for 2021. We believe that the allowance is adequate to cover potential losses in the loan portfolio given the current economic conditions. 

-62- 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Our primary sources of recurring noninterest income are customer service fees, ATM and debit card fees, loan fees, gains on the sale of loans and available for sale securities and other service fees. Noninterest income does not include loan origination fees which are recognized over the life of the related loan as an adjustment to yield using the interest method. 
 
 Noninterest income totaled 11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 0.2 million from 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased gains on the sale of loans. First Guaranty sold a loan with a government guarantee in the third quarter of 2022. The loan had a principal balance of 24.7 million with a guaranteed balance of 19.8 million. Net securities losses were 17,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net securities gains of 0.7 million for 2021. The losses on securities sales primarily occurred as First Guaranty sold investment securities in order to fund loan growth and manage interest rate risk. Service charges, commissions and fees totaled 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2.7 million for 2021. ATM and debit card fees totaled 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 3.6 million for 2021. Net gains on the sale of loans were 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 0.9 million for 2021. Other noninterest income totaled 2.7 million and 2.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Noninterest expense includes salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment expense and other types of expenses. Noninterest expense totaled 71.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 63.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Salaries and benefits expense totaled 36.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 32.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in personnel expense from new hires including those in the Mideast market. Occupancy and equipment expense increased to 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other noninterest expense totaled 25.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 23.0 million for 2021. 
 
 The following table presents, for the years indicated, the major categories of other noninterest expense: 
 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Other noninterest expense: Legal and professional fees 4,159 3,375 Data processing 1,596 1,794 ATM fees 1,750 1,760 Marketing and public relations 1,747 1,711 Taxes - sales, capital, and franchise 1,949 1,755 Operating supplies 728 853 Software expense and amortization 4,191 3,071 Travel and lodging 1,236 826 Telephone 406 398 Amortization of core deposits 696 764 Donations 638 564 Net costs from other real estate and repossessions 393 801 Regulatory assessment 1,997 1,945 Other 3,888 3,391 Total other expense 25,374 23,008 

-63- 

Income Taxes 
 
 The amount of income tax expense is influenced by the amount of pre-tax income, the amount of tax-exempt income and the amount of other non-deductible expenses. The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 7.5 million and 7.2 million, respectively. The provision for income taxes in 2022 increased as compared to 2021 due to the increase in income before income taxes. First Guaranty's statutory tax rate was 21.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. These require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative value of money over time due to inflation or deflation. 
 
 Unlike many industrial companies, substantially all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates may not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. However, other operating expenses do reflect general levels of inflation. 
 
 The Federal Reserve increased interest rates during 2022 to address rising inflation in the U.S. The impact of rising interest rates associated with inflation impacted First Guaranty's net interest income and net interest margin along with the value of its financial assets. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 The following table presents consolidated selected financial data for First Guaranty. It does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by more detailed financial information and the audited consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this annual report. 
 
 At or For the Years Ended December 31, (in thousands except for 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Year End Balance Sheet Data: Investment securities 451,526 364,156 238,548 426,516 405,303 Federal funds sold 423 183 702 914 549 Loans, net of unearned income 2,519,077 2,159,359 1,844,135 1,525,490 1,225,268 Allowance for loan and lease losses 23,518 24,029 24,518 10,929 10,776 Total assets 3,151,347 2,878,120 2,473,078 2,117,216 1,817,211 Total deposits 2,723,792 2,596,492 2,166,318 1,853,013 1,629,622 Borrowings 183,369 49,635 116,630 86,747 34,538 Shareholders' equity 234,991 223,889 178,591 166,035 147,284 Common shareholders' equity 201,933 190,831 178,591 166,035 147,284 Performance Ratios and Other Data: Return on average assets 0.97 1.01 0.87 0.76 0.82 Return on average common equity 13.64 14.06 11.36 8.99 9.98 Return on average tangible assets (1) 0.99 1.04 0.90 0.78 0.85 Return on average tangible common equity (1) 15.31 15.98 13.08 9.68 10.77 Net interest margin 3.47 3.44 3.35 3.41 3.41 Average loans to average deposits 85.94 83.65 81.25 78.59 75.39 Efficiency ratio (2) 63.94 63.63 58.95 67.48 69.46 Efficiency ratio (excluding amortization of intangibles and securities transactions) (2) 63.30 63.32 68.44 66.77 66.63 Full time equivalent employees (year end) 472 470 429 431 346 
 
 (Footnotes follow on next page) 

-64- 

At or For the Years Ended December 31, (in thousands except for and share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Capital Ratios: Average shareholders' equity to average assets 7.62 7.65 7.62 8.42 8.20 Average tangible equity to average tangible assets (3) 7.08 7.02 6.86 8.02 7.86 Common shareholders' equity to total assets 6.41 6.63 7.22 7.84 8.10 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (3) 5.89 6.04 6.51 6.99 7.79 Income Data: Interest income 136,576 111,917 100,684 91,643 78,390 Interest expense 36,534 22,299 26,017 29,966 21,366 Net interest income 100,042 89,618 74,667 61,677 57,024 Provision for loan losses 3,656 2,055 14,877 4,860 1,354 Noninterest income (excluding securities transactions) 11,026 10,046 8,989 8,456 7,110 Securities (losses) gains (17) 714 14,791 (157) (1,830) Noninterest expense 71,005 63,868 58,033 47,219 43,275 Earnings before income taxes 36,390 34,455 25,537 17,897 17,675 Net income 28,884 27,297 20,318 14,241 14,213 Net income available to common shareholders 26,556 25,913 20,318 14,241 14,213 Per Common Share Data: Net earnings 2.48 2.42 1.90 1.34 1.33 Cash dividends paid 0.64 0.60 0.58 0.54 0.53 Book value 18.84 17.81 16.66 15.49 13.82 Tangible book value (4) 17.23 16.13 14.92 13.68 13.24 Dividend payout ratio for Common and Preferred 31.81 28.49 30.68 40.74 39.65 Weighted average number of shares outstanding 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,666,055 10,657,245 Number of shares outstanding 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,657,245 Asset Quality Ratios: Non-performing assets to total assets 0.47 0.70 1.25 1.04 0.55 Non-performing assets to total loans 0.59 0.93 1.68 1.44 0.82 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.58 0.83 1.55 1.12 0.73 Loan loss reserve to non-performing assets 158.68 119.95 79.33 49.86 107.48 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.18 0.13 0.08 0.36 (0.02) Provision for loan and lease loss to average loans 0.16 0.10 0.89 0.37 0.12 Allowance for loan and lease loss to total loans 0.93 1.11 1.33 0.72 0.88 
 (1) Tangible calculation eliminates goodwill and acquisition intangibles, principally core deposit intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, net of tax. See below for our reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures under the caption "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Data Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 (2) Efficiency ratio represents noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. We calculate both a GAAP and a non-GAAP efficiency ratio. The GAAP-based efficiency ratio is noninterest expenses divided by net interest income plus noninterest income. See below for our reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures under the caption "Selected Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 (3) We calculate tangible common equity as total shareholders' equity less preferred stock, goodwill and acquisition intangibles, principally core deposit intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, and we calculate tangible assets as total assets less goodwill and core deposit intangibles. Tangible common equity to tangible assets is a non-GAAP financial measure, and, as we calculate tangible common equity to tangible assets, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is total shareholders' equity to total assets. See below for our reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures under the caption "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Data Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 (4) We calculate tangible book value per common share as total shareholders' equity less preferred stock, goodwill and acquisition intangibles, principally core deposit intangibles, net of accumulated amortization at the end of the relevant period, divided by the outstanding number of shares of our common stock at the end of the relevant period. Tangible book value per common share is a non-GAAP financial measure, and, as we calculate tangible book value per common share, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is book value per common share. See below for our reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures under the caption "Selected Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 
 -65- 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Our accounting and reporting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and the prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, we also evaluate our performance based on certain additional metrics. Tangible book value per share and the ratio of tangible equity to tangible assets are not financial measures recognized under GAAP and, therefore, are considered non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Our management, banking regulators, many financial analysts and other investors use these non-GAAP financial measures to compare the capital adequacy of banking organizations with significant amounts of preferred equity and/or goodwill or other intangible assets, which typically stem from the use of the purchase accounting method of accounting for mergers and acquisitions. Tangible equity, tangible assets, tangible book value per share or related measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for total shareholders' equity, total assets, book value per share or any other measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the manner in which we calculate tangible equity, tangible assets, tangible book value per share and any other related measures may differ from that of other companies reporting measures with similar names. 
 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, shareholders' equity (on a GAAP basis) to tangible equity and total assets (on a GAAP basis) to tangible assets and calculates our tangible book value per share. 
 
 At December 31, (in thousands except for share data and 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Tangible Common Equity Total shareholders' equity 234,991 223,889 178,591 166,035 147,284 Adjustments: Preferred Stock 33,058 33,058 Goodwill 12,900 12,900 12,900 12,942 3,472 Acquisition intangibles 4,355 5,051 5,815 6,527 2,704 Tangible common equity 184,678 172,880 159,876 146,566 141,108 Common shares outstanding 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,716,796 10,657,245 Book value per common share 18.84 17.81 16.66 15.49 13.82 Tangible book value per common share 17.23 16.13 14.92 13.68 13.24 Tangible Assets Total Assets 3,151,347 2,878,120 2,473,078 2,117,216 1,817,211 Adjustments: Goodwill 12,900 12,900 12,900 12,942 3,472 Acquisition intangibles 4,355 5,051 5,815 6,527 2,704 Tangible Assets 3,134,092 2,860,169 2,454,363 2,097,747 1,811,035 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 5.89 6.04 6.51 6.99 7.79 
 
 The efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measure generally used by financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate the efficiency ratio by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income, excluding amortizations of intangibles and securities transactions. The GAAP-based efficiency ratio is noninterest expenses divided by net interest income plus noninterest income. 
 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, our efficiency ratio to the GAAP-based efficiency ratio: 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands except for share data and 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 GAAP-based efficiency ratio 63.94 63.63 58.95 67.48 69.46 Noninterest expense 71,005 63,868 58,033 47,219 43,275 Amortization of intangibles 696 764 711 390 545 Noninterest expense, excluding amortization 70,309 63,104 57,322 46,829 42,730 Net interest income 100,042 89,618 74,667 61,677 57,024 Noninterest income 11,009 10,760 23,780 8,299 5,280 Adjustments: Securities transactions (17) 714 14,691 (157) (1,830) Noninterest income, excluding securities transactions 11,026 10,046 9,089 8,456 7,110 Efficiency ratio 63.30 63.32 68.44 66.77 66.63 
 -66- 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity refers to the ability or flexibility to manage future cash flows to meet the needs of depositors and borrowers and fund operations. Maintaining appropriate levels of liquidity allows us to have sufficient funds available to meet customer demand for loans, withdrawal of deposit balances and maturities of deposits and other liabilities. Liquid assets include cash and due from banks, interest-earning demand deposits with banks, federal funds sold and available for sale investment securities. 
 
 First Guaranty's cash and cash equivalents totaled 83.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 261.9 million at December 31, 2021. Loans maturing within one year or less at December 31, 2022 totaled 372.1 million compared to 357.1 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, time deposits maturing within one year or less totaled 312.9 million compared to 267.0 million at December 31, 2021. Time deposits maturing after one year through three years totaled 183.0 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 269.7 million at December 31, 2021. Time deposits maturing after three years totaled 37.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 50.0 million at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty's held to maturity ("HTM") investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 was 320.1 million or 70.9 of the investment portfolio compared to 153.5 million at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty's available for sale ("AFS") portfolio was 131.5 million, or 29.1 of the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 compared to 210.6 million, or 57.8 at December 31, 2021. The majority of the AFS portfolio was comprised of U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Government Agencies, mortgage-backed securities, municipal bonds and investment grade corporate bonds. We believe these securities are readily marketable and enhance our liquidity. 
 
 We maintained a net borrowing capacity at the FHLB totaling 369.5 million and 456.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively with 120.0 million and 3.2 million in FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 were comprised of three short-term advances that were paid off in January 2023. The advance outstanding at December 31, 2021 was comprised of a long-term advance that totaled 3.2 million. First Guaranty paid off the 3.2 million long-term advance acquired from the Union acquisition in the first quarter of 2022. The change in borrowing capacity with the Federal Home Loan Bank was due to changes in the value that First Guaranty receives on pledged collateral and due to First Guaranty's usage of the line. First Guaranty has increasingly transitioned public funds deposits into reciprocal deposit programs for collateralization as an alternative to FHLB letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding letters of credit from the FHLB in the amount of 388.6 million that were primarily used to collateralize public funds deposits. We also maintain federal funds lines of credit at various correspondent banks with borrowing capacity of 100.5 million and two revolving lines of credit totaling 26.5 million secured by a pledge of the Bank's common stock, with 20.0 million outstanding balance at December 31, 2022. We also have a discount window line with the Federal Reserve Bank that totaled 29.0 million at December 31, 2022. Management believes there is sufficient liquidity to satisfy current operating needs. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Our capital position is reflected in total shareholders' equity, subject to certain adjustments for regulatory purposes. Further, our capital base allows us to take advantage of business opportunities while maintaining the level of resources we deem appropriate to address business risks inherent in daily operations. 
 
 Total shareholders' equity increased to 235.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 223.9 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in shareholders' equity was principally the result of an increase of 19.7 million in retained earnings, partially offset by a decrease of 8.6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income. The 19.7 million increase in retained earnings was due to net income of 28.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by 6.9 million in cash dividends paid on our common stock and 2.3 million in cash dividends paid on shares of our preferred stock. The decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income was primarily attributed to the increase in unrealized losses on available for sale securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

-67- 

Capital Management 
 
 We manage our capital to comply with our internal planning targets and regulatory capital standards administered by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. We review capital levels on a monthly basis. We evaluate a number of capital ratios, including Tier 1 capital to total adjusted assets (the leverage ratio) and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. At December 31, 2022, First Guaranty Bank was classified as well-capitalized. First Guaranty Bank's capital conservation buffer was 3.16 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents First Guaranty Bank's capital ratios as of the indicated dates. 
 
 "Well Capitalized Minimums" At December 31, 2022 "Well Capitalized Minimums" At December 31, 2021 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 5.00 9.35 5.00 8.71 Tier 1 Risk-based Capital Ratio 8.00 10.31 8.00 10.22 Total Risk-based Capital Ratio 10.00 11.16 10.00 11.22 Common Equity Tier One Capital 6.50 10.31 6.50 10.22 

Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers and to reduce our own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby and commercial letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in our consolidated balance sheets. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of the involvement in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 
 The exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby and commercial letters of credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments. The same credit policies are used in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. Unless otherwise noted, collateral or other security is not required to support financial instruments with credit risk. 
 
 The notional amounts of the financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Contract Amount (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Commitments to Extend Credit 246,968 198,444 Unfunded Commitments under lines of credit 253,906 250,231 Commercial and Standby letters of credit 14,222 13,787 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer's creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the counterpart. Collateral requirements vary but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, residential real estate and commercial properties. 
 
 Unfunded commitments under lines of credit are contractually obligated by us as long as the borrower is in compliance with the terms of the loan relationship. Unfunded lines of credit are typically operating lines of credit that adjust on a regular basis as a customer requires funding. There may be seasonal variations to the usage of these lines. At December 31, 2022, the largest concentrations of unfunded commitments were lines of credit associated with construction and land development loans and commercial and industrial loans. 
 
 Commercial and standby letters of credit are conditional commitments to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. The majority of these guarantees are short-term (one year or less); however, some guarantees extend for up to three years. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral requirements are the same as on-balance sheet instruments and commitments to extend credit. 
 
 There were no losses incurred on any commitments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

-68- 

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk 
 
 Asset/Liability Management. 
 
 Our asset/liability management process consists of quantifying, analyzing and controlling interest rate risk to maintain reasonably stable net interest income levels under various interest rate environments. The principal objective of asset/liability management is to maximize net interest income while operating within acceptable limits established for interest rate risk and to maintain adequate levels of liquidity. 
 
 The majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Consequently, one of our most significant forms of market risk is interest rate risk, which is inherent in our lending and deposit-taking activities. Our assets, consisting primarily of loans secured by real estate and fixed rate securities in our investment portfolio, have longer maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to manage interest rate risk and reduce the exposure of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. The board of directors of First Guaranty Bank has established two committees, the management asset liability committee and the board investment committee, to oversee the interest rate risk inherent in our assets and liabilities, for determining the level of risk that is appropriate given our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives, and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the board of directors. The management asset liability committee is comprised of senior officers of the Bank and meets as needed to review our asset liability policies and interest rate risk position. The board ALCO investment committee is comprised of certain members of the board of directors of the Bank and meets monthly. The management asset liability committee provides a monthly report to the board ALCO investment committee. 
 
 The need for interest sensitivity gap management is most critical in times of rapid changes in overall interest rates. We generally seek to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations by maintaining a relatively balanced mix of rate sensitive assets and liabilities on a one-year time horizon and greater than one-year time horizon. Because of the significant impact on net interest margin from mismatches in repricing opportunities, we monitor the asset-liability mix periodically depending upon the management asset liability committee's assessment of current business conditions and the interest rate outlook. We maintain exposure to interest rate fluctuations within prudent levels using varying investment strategies. These strategies include, but are not limited to, frequent internal modeling of asset and liability values and behavior due to changes in interest rates. We monitor cash flow forecasts closely and evaluate the impact of both prepayments and extension risk. 

-69- 

The following interest sensitivity analysis is one measurement of interest rate risk. This analysis, which we prepare quarterly, reflects the contractual maturity characteristics of assets and liabilities over various time periods. This analysis does not factor in prepayments or interest rate floors on loans which may significantly change the report. This table includes nonaccrual loans in their respective maturity periods. The gap indicates whether more assets or liabilities are subject to repricing over a given time period. The interest sensitivity analysis at December 31, 2022 illustrated below reflects a liability-sensitive position with a negative cumulative gap on a one-year basis. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Interest Sensitivity Within (dollars in thousands) 3 Months Or Less Over 3 Months thru 12 Months Total One Year Over One Year Total Earning Assets: Loans (including loans held for sale) 635,288 264,614 899,902 1,619,175 2,519,077 Securities (including FHLB stock) 56,748 691 57,439 400,615 458,054 Federal Funds Sold 423 423 423 Other earning assets 70,086 70,086 70,086 Total earning assets 762,545 265,305 1,027,850 2,019,790 3,047,640 Source of Funds: Interest-bearing accounts: Demand deposits 1,460,259 1,460,259 1,460,259 Savings deposits 205,760 205,760 205,760 Time deposits 66,523 248,236 314,759 218,599 533,358 Short-term borrowings 140,000 140,000 5,884 145,884 Senior long-term debt 21,927 21,927 21,927 Junior subordinated debt 15,000 15,000 15,000 Noninterest-bearing, net 665,452 665,452 Total source of funds 1,909,469 248,236 2,157,705 889,935 3,047,640 Period gap (1,146,924) 17,069 (1,129,855) 1,129,855 Cumulative gap (1,146,924) (1,129,855) (1,129,855) Cumulative gap as a percent of earning assets (37.6) (37.1) (37.1) 

-70- 

Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary (First Guaranty) as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes collectively referred to as the financial statements. We also have audited First Guaranty s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of First Guaranty as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, First Guaranty maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 First Guaranty s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on First Guaranty s financial statements and an opinion on First Guaranty s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to First Guaranty in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

-71- 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 
 As described in Notes 1, 5 and 6 to the financial statements, at December 31, 2022, First Guaranty s total loans were 2.5 billion and the associated allowance for loan and lease losses balance was 23.5 million. The allowance for loan and lease losses is management s best estimate of probable incurred losses inherent in its loan portfolio and is based on historical loss experience by loan segment and class with adjustments for current events and conditions. These factors include, among others, loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political, and regulatory conditions, specific credit risks, industry concentrations, and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. 
 
 We identified management s asset quality ratings of loans and determination of qualitative factors, which is based on general economic conditions and other qualitative risk factors both internal and external to First Guaranty, both of which are used in the allowance for loan and lease losses calculation, as a critical audit matter. First Guaranty uses asset quality risk ratings to monitor portfolio performance and trends and to adjust historical loss percentages for classified loans. First Guaranty stratifies loans into pools based on collateral and type of loan, based on regulatory guidelines, and estimates inherent loss rates for each of the loan pools, which are used in the calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses. The general valuation allowance portion of the allowance for loan and lease losses is used to estimate losses and is based on management s evaluation of various factors that are not captured in the historical credit loss factors or on the specific impairment component. Auditing management s judgements regarding the determination of the quantitative and qualitative portion of the allowance for loan and lease losses involved a high degree of subjectivity. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses, including controls over the accuracy of asset quality ratings of loans, the loan pools based on collateral type, and the determination of the qualitative and quantitative factors of the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 
 Testing a risk-based targeted selection of loans to gain substantive evidence that First Guaranty is appropriately rating these loans in accordance with its policies, and that the asset quality ratings for the loans are reasonable. 
 
 Obtaining management s analysis and supporting documentation related to the qualitative factors and testing whether the qualitative risk factors both internal and external to First Guaranty used in the calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses are supported by the analysis provided by management. 
 
 Testing the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions used in the calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses, and testing the calculation itself, including completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation, application of the qualitative factors determined by management and used in the calculation, and recalculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses balance. 

We have served as First Guaranty's auditor since 2022. March 16, 2023 

-72- 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary (First Guaranty) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of First Guaranty as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of First Guaranty s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on First Guaranty s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to First Guaranty in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We served as First Guaranty s auditor from 2001 to 2022. March 16, 2022 

-73- 

FIRST GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Available for sale, at fair value Held to maturity, at cost (estimated fair value of and , respectively) 
 Investment securities Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Loans held for sale Loans, net of unearned income Less: allowance for loan and lease losses Net loans Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other real estate, net Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Savings Time Total deposits Short-term advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Short-term borrowings Repurchase agreements Accrued interest payable Long-term advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Senior long-term debt Junior subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock, Series A - par value - shares authorized 
 Non-cumulative perpetual; shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Common stock, par value - shares authorized and shares issued 
 Surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 -74- 

FIRST GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Interest Income: Loans (including fees) Deposits with other banks Securities (including FHLB stock) Federal funds sold Total Interest Income Interest Expense: Demand deposits Savings deposits Time deposits Borrowings Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Less: Provision for loan losses Net Interest Income after Provision for Loan Losses Noninterest Income: Service charges, commissions and fees ATM and debit card fees Net (losses) gains on securities ) Net gains on sale of loans Other Total Noninterest Income Noninterest Expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expense Other Total Noninterest Expense Income Before Income Taxes Less: Provision for income taxes Net Income Less: Preferred stock dividends Net Income Available to Common Shareholders Per Common Share: Earnings Cash dividends paid Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-75- 

FIRST GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net Income Other comprehensive income: Unrealized (losses) gains on securities: Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustments for losses (gains) included in net income ) Reclassification of OTTI losses included in net income Change in unrealized (losses) gains on securities ) ) Tax impact Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 -76- 

FIRST GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Preferred Stock Par 
 Common Stock 
 Par 
 Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Total Balance December 31, 2020 Net income Preferred stock issued, shares, net of costs 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-77- 

FIRST GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loan losses Depreciation and amortization Amortization/Accretion of investments ) (Gain) loss on sale/call of securities ) Gain on sale of assets ) ) Repossessed asset write downs, gains and losses on dispositions FHLB stock dividends ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities, net ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Proceeds from maturities, calls and sales of AFS securities Funds invested in AFS securities ) ) Funds invested in preferred securities ) Proceeds from redemption of preferred securities Proceeds from sale/redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Funds invested in Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Net Cash Used In Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net increase in deposits Net (decrease) increase in federal funds purchased and short-term borrowings ) Repayment of long-term borrowings ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities Net (Decrease) Increase In Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at the Beginning of the Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at the End of the Period Noncash Activities: Acquisition of real estate in settlement of loans Transfer of securities from AFS to HTM Cash Paid During the Period: Interest on deposits and borrowed funds Federal income taxes State income taxes 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 -78- 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 banking facilities and automated teller machines (ATMs) in Southeast, Southwest, Central and North Louisiana, North Central Texas, Kentucky and West Virginia. 
 
 Summary of significant accounting policies 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of First Guaranty conform to generally accepted accounting principles and to predominant accounting practices within the banking industry. The more significant accounting and reporting policies are as follows: 

-79- 

. Buyers generally have recourse to return a purchased loan under limited circumstances. Recourse conditions may include early payment default, breach of representations or warranties and documentation deficiencies. Mortgage loans held for sale are generally sold with the mortgage servicing rights released. Gains or losses on sales of mortgage loans are recognized based on the differences between the selling price and the carrying value of the related mortgage loans sold. 
 
 days or more contractually past due. When a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Income on such loans is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and where the future collection of interest and principal is probable. Loans are returned to accrual status when, in the judgment of Management, all principal and interest amounts contractually due are reasonably assured to be collected within a reasonable time frame and when the borrower has demonstrated payment performance of cash or cash equivalents; generally for a period of months. All loans, except mortgage loans, are considered past due if they are past due days. Mortgage loans are considered past due when consecutive payments have been missed. Loans that are past due - days and deemed uncollectible are charged-off. The loan charge off is a reduction of the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 
 months of performance. The evaluation includes a review of the loan file and analysis of the credit to assess the loan terms, including interest rate to insure such terms are consistent with market terms. The loan terms are compared to a sampling of loans with similar terms and risk characteristics, including loans originated by First Guaranty and loans lost to a competitor. The sample provides a guide to determine market terms pursuant to ASC 310-40-50-2. The loan is also evaluated at that time for impairment. A loan determined to be restructured to market terms and not considered impaired will no longer be disclosed as a TDR in the years following the restructuring. These loans will continue to be individually evaluated for impairment. A loan determined to either be restructured to below market terms or to be impaired will remain a TDR. 

-80- 

days or more past due or that are nonaccrual are considered substandard. 
 
 Doubtful loans have the weaknesses of substandard loans with the additional characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full questionable and there is a high probability of loss based on currently existing facts, conditions and values. 
 
 A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that First Guaranty will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by Management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower's prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the loan's obtainable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. This process is only applied to impaired loans or relationships in excess of . Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, individual consumer and residential loans are not separately identified for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement. Loans that have been restructured in a troubled debt restructuring will continue to be evaluated individually for impairment, including those no longer requiring disclosure. 

-81- 

. Management periodically evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that impair this deposit intangible. 
 
 - years 
 Equipment, fixtures and automobiles - years 
 
 Expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Repairs, maintenance and minor improvements are charged to operating expense as incurred. Gains or losses on disposition, if any, are recorded as a separate line item in noninterest income on the Statements of Income. 

-82- 

common stock dividend. The shares issued for the stock dividend have been retrospectively factored into the calculation of earnings per share as well as cash dividends paid on common stock and represented on the face of the financial statements. No convertible shares of First Guaranty's stock are outstanding. 
 
 reportable operating segment. While the chief decision-makers monitor the revenue streams of the various products and services, the identifiable segments are not material. Operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis. 

-83- 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 
 
 reserve requirement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 First Guaranty had accounts at correspondent banks, excluding the Federal Reserve Bank, that exceeded the FDIC insurable limit of 250,000. These accounts were over the insurable limit by million. At December 31, 2021 First Guaranty had accounts at correspondent banks, excluding the Federal Reserve Bank, that exceeded the FDIC insurable limit of 250,000. These accounts were over the insurable limit by million. 
 -84- 

Note 4. 
 
 ) U.S. Government Agencies ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Municipal bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total available for sale securities ) ) Held to maturity: U.S. Government Agencies ) ) Corporate debt securities ) Total held to maturity securities ) ) 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Over 10 years Subtotal Mortgage-backed Securities Total available for sale securities Held to maturity: Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Over 10 years Total held to maturity securities 

-85- 

) ) U.S. Government Agencies Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total available for sale securities ) ) ) Held to maturity: U.S. Government Agencies ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Total held to maturity securities ) ) ) 
 
 The following is a summary of the fair value of securities with gross unrealized losses and an aging of those gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2021. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total (in thousands) Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Available for sale: U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government Agencies ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Municipal bonds Mortgage-backed securities Total available for sale securities ) ) ) Held to maturity: U.S. Government Agencies ) ) Total held to maturity securities ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, of First Guaranty's debt securities had gross unrealized losses totaling of the individual securities' amortized cost basis and of First Guaranty's total amortized cost basis of the investment securities portfolio. of the securities had been in a continuous loss position for over 12 months at such date. The securities had an aggregate amortized cost basis of million and an unrealized loss of million at December 31, 2022. Management has the intent and ability to hold these debt securities until maturity or until anticipated recovery. 
 
 -86- 

other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized on securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other-than-temporary impairment credit losses on securities not previously OTTI Increases for additional credit losses on securities previously determined to be OTTI Reduction for increases in cash flows Reduction due to credit impaired securities sold or fully settled ) Ending balance of cumulative credit losses recognized in earnings at end of year 
 
 In 2022 and 2021 there were other-than-temporary impairment credit losses on securities for which First Guaranty had previously recognized OTTI. For securities that have indications of credit related impairment, management analyzes future expected cash flows to determine if any credit related impairment is evident. Estimated cash flows are determined using management's best estimate of future cash flows based on specific assumptions. The assumptions used to determine the cash flows were based on estimates of loss severity and credit default probabilities. Management reviews reports from credit rating agencies and public filings of issuers. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the carrying value of pledged securities totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Gross realized gains on sales of securities were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross realized losses were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The tax applicable to these transactions amounted to and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Proceeds from sales of securities classified as available for sale amounted to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net unrealized losses on available for sale securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"), net of applicable income taxes, totaled million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021 net unrealized gains included in AOCI, net of applicable income taxes, totaled million. During 2022 net gains, net of tax, reclassified out of AOCI into earnings totaled . During 2021 net gains, net of tax, reclassified out of AOCI into earnings totaled million. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac-FHLMC) Federal Farm Credit Bank (FFCB) Total 
 
 -87- 

Note 5. 
 
 Farmland 1- 4 Family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial (1) 
 Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Loans Before Unearned Income Unearned income ) ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 
 (1) Includes PPP loans fully guaranteed by the SBA of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 One to five years Five to 15 years Over 15 years Subtotal Nonaccrual loans Total Loans Before Unearned Income Unearned income ) ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 
 Included in floating rate loans are loans that adjust to a floating rate following an initial fixed rate period. The initial fixed rate periods are typically one , three , or . 
 
 -88- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Loans Before Unearned Income Unearned income ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans Recorded Investment 90 Days Accruing Real Estate: Construction land development Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Loans Before Unearned Income Unearned income ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 
 The tables above include million and million of nonaccrual loans for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See the tables below for more detail on nonaccrual loans. 
 
 -89- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Nonaccrual Loans 
 
 Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Loans Before Unearned Income Unearned income ) ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 
 -90- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total 
 
 For those purchased loans disclosed above, there was an allowance for loan and lease losses of million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Where First Guaranty can reasonably estimate the cash flows expected to be collected on the loans, a portion of the purchase discount is allocated to an accretable yield adjustment based upon the present value of the future estimated cash flows versus the current carrying value of the loan and the accretable yield portion is being recognized as interest income over the remaining life of the loan. 
 
 Where First Guaranty cannot reasonably estimate the cash flows expected to be collected on the loans, it has decided to account for those loans using the cost recovery method of income recognition. As such, no portion of a purchase discount adjustment has been determined to meet the definition of an accretable yield adjustment on those loans accounted for using the cost recovery method. If, in the future, cash flows from the borrower(s) can be reasonably estimated, a portion of the purchase discount would be allocated to an accretable yield adjustment based upon the present value of the future estimated cash flows versus the current carrying value of the loan and the accretable yield portion would be recognized as interest income over the remaining life of the loan. Until such accretable yield can be calculated, under the cost recovery method of income recognition, all payments will be used to reduce the carrying value of the loan and no income will be recognized on the loan until the carrying value is reduced to zero. 
 
 Acquisition accretable yield Accretion ) ) Net transfers from nonaccretable difference to accretable yield Balance, end of period 

-91- 

Note 6. 
 
 ) ) ) Farmland ) ) 1- 4 family ) ) ) ) Multifamily ) ) ) Non-farm non-residential ) ) ) ) Total Real Estate ) ) ) ) Non-Real Estate: Agricultural ) ) Commercial and industrial ) ) ) Commercial leases ) Consumer and other ) ) Unallocated ) Total Non-Real Estate ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Negative provisions are caused by changes in the composition and credit quality of the loan portfolio. The result is an allocation of the loan loss reserve from one category to another. 
 -92- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Unallocated Total Non-Real Estate Total Unearned Income ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 -93- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Unallocated Total Non-Real Estate Total Unearned Income ) Total Loans Net of Unearned Income 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, First Guaranty had loans totaling million and million, respectively, not accruing interest. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, First Guaranty had loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest totaling million and million, respectively. The average outstanding balance of nonaccrual loans in 2022 was million compared to million in 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Guaranty has no outstanding commitments to advance additional funds in connection with impaired loans. 

-94- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Impaired Loans with no related allowance Impaired Loans with an allowance recorded: Real estate: Construction land development Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Impaired Loans with an allowance recorded Total Impaired Loans 
 
 -95- 

Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Impaired Loans with no related allowance Impaired Loans with an allowance recorded: Real estate: Construction land development Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total Impaired Loans with an allowance recorded Total Impaired Loans 
 
 -96- 

loan that is considered TDR in the year ended December 31, 2022. First Guaranty did not restructure any loans that are considered TDRs in the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, First Guaranty had outstanding TDR. 
 
 Under section 4013 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), which was signed into law on March 27, 2020, financial institutions have the option to temporarily suspend certain requirements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles related to troubled debt restructurings for a limited period of time to account for the effects of COVID-19. This provision allows a financial institution the option to not apply the guidance on accounting for troubled debt restructurings to loan modifications, such as extensions or deferrals, related to COVID-19 made between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) 60 days after the end of the COVID-19 national emergency. The relief can only be applied to modifications for borrowers that were not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. First Guaranty elected to adopt these provisions of the CARES Act. 
 
 Farmland 1- 4 family Multifamily Non-farm non-residential Total Real Estate Non-Real Estate: Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial leases Consumer and other Total Non-Real Estate Total 
 
 There were no commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring at December 31, 2022. 

-97- 

Note 7. 
 
 Bank premises Furniture and equipment Construction in progress Acquired value Less: accumulated depreciation Net book value 
 
 million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest cost capitalized as a construction cost was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 8. 
 
 impairment charges have been recognized since acquisition. Goodwill totaled million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Loan servicing assets Total 
 
 The core deposits intangible reflect the value of deposit relationships, including the beneficial rates, which arose from acquisitions. The weighted-average amortization period remaining for the core deposit intangibles is years. 
 
 Amortization expense relating to purchase accounting intangibles totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2025 December 31, 2026 December 31, 2027 

-98- 

Note 9. 
 
 Construction land development Non-farm non-residential Total Other Real Estate Owned and Foreclosed Property Allowance for Other Real Estate Owned losses ) Net Other Real Estate Owned and Foreclosed Property 

Note 10. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total 
 
 The table above includes in brokered deposits for December 31, 2022. The aggregate amount of jumbo time deposits, each with a minimum denomination of 250,000 totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 11. 
 
 Repurchase agreements Line of credit Total short-term borrowings 
 
 First Guaranty maintains borrowing relationships with other financial institutions as well as the Federal Home Loan Bank on a short and long-term basis to meet liquidity needs. First Guaranty had million in short-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 compared to million outstanding at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty has available lines of credit of million, with million outstanding balance at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Available lines of credit totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Maximum month-end outstanding Average daily outstanding Weighted average rate during the year Weighted average rate at year end 
 
 -99- 

million at December 31, 2021. This advance was paid off during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Senior long-term debt with a commercial bank, priced at floating Wall Street Journal Prime less basis points ), totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty pays principal plus interest quarterly. This loan was renewed in November 2019 and has a contractual maturity date of November 7, 2024. This long-term debt is secured by a pledge of shares) of First Guaranty's interest in First Guaranty Bank (a wholly owned subsidiary). 
 
 Subordinated debt, priced at Wall Street Journal Prime plus basis points totaled at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. First Guaranty redeemed this Note on June 21, 2022. 
 
 Junior subordinated debt, priced at Wall Street Journal Prime plus basis points as of December 31, 2022), totaled million at December 31, 2022. First Guaranty pays interest quarterly. The Note is unsecured and ranks junior in right of payment to any senior indebtedness and obligations to general and secured creditors. This note replaced the previously mentioned million junior subordinated note above in June 2022. The current Note is scheduled to mature on June 21, 2032. The Note qualifies for treatment as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 First Guaranty maintains revolving lines of credit. A million line of credit with an availability of million at December 31, 2022. This line of credit is secured by a pledge of shares) of First Guaranty's interest in First Guaranty Bank (a wholly owned subsidiary) and is priced at . A million line of credit with an availability of at December 31, 2022. This line of credit is secured by a pledge of shares) of First Guaranty's interest in First Guaranty Bank (a wholly owned subsidiary) and is priced at . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, letters of credit issued by the FHLB totaling million were outstanding and carried as off-balance sheet items, all of which expire by 2024. At December 31, 2021, letters of credit issued by the FHLB totaling million were outstanding and carried as off-balance sheet items, all of which expire by 2024. The letters of credit are solely used for pledging towards public fund deposits. The FHLB has a blanket lien on substantially all of the loans in First Guaranty's portfolio which is used to secure borrowing availability from the FHLB. First Guaranty has obtained a subordination agreement from the FHLB on First Guaranty's farmland, agricultural, and commercial and industrial loans. These loans are available to be pledged for additional reserve liquidity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 obligations on long-term advances from FHLB, senior long-term debt and junior subordinated debentures totaled million. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Subtotal Debt issuance costs ) Total 

-100- 

Note 12. 
 
 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. First Guaranty Bank's capital conservation buffer was at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In addition, as a result of the legislation, the federal banking agencies have developed a "Community Bank Leverage Ratio" (the ratio of a bank's Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) for financial institutions with assets of less than billion. A "qualifying community bank" that exceeds this ratio will be deemed to be in compliance with all other capital and leverage requirements, including the capital requirements to be considered "well capitalized" under Prompt Corrective Action statutes. The federal banking agencies may consider a financial institution's risk profile when evaluating whether it qualifies as a community bank for purposes of the capital ratio requirement. The federal banking agencies set the new Community Bank Leverage Ratio at . Pursuant to the CARES Act, the federal banking agencies set the Community Bank Leverage Ratio at beginning in the second quarter of 2020 through the end of 2020. Beginning in 2021, the Community Bank Leverage Ratio increased to for the calendar year. Community banks will have until Jan. 1, 2022, before the Community Bank Leverage Ratio requirement will return to . A financial institution can elect to be subject to this new definition. The new rule took effect on January 1, 2020. The Bank did not elect to follow the Community Bank Leverage Ratio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, an institution must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table. There are no conditions or events since the notification that Management believes have changed the Bank's category. 
 
 Tier 1 Capital: Tier 1 Leverage Capital: Common Equity Tier One Capital: December 31, 2021 Total Risk-based Capital: Tier 1 Capital: Tier 1 Leverage Capital: Common Equity Tier One Capital: 

-101- 

Note 13. 
 
 of outstanding capital stock in any year. 
 
 The Bank is restricted under applicable laws in the payment of dividends to an amount equal to current year earnings plus undistributed earnings for the immediately preceding year, unless prior permission is received from the Commissioner of Financial Institutions for the State of Louisiana. Dividends payable by the Bank in 2023 without permission will be limited to 2023 earnings plus the undistributed earnings of million from 2022. 
 
 Accordingly, at January 1, 2023, million of First Guaranty's equity in the net assets of the Bank was restricted. In addition, dividends paid by the Bank to First Guaranty would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the Bank's capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements. 

Note 14. 

Net (Decrease) Increase ) Balance, end of year 
 
 Unfunded commitments to First Guaranty and Bank directors and executive officers totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 First Guaranty and the Bank had deposits from directors and executives totaling million. There were no participations in loans purchased from affiliated financial institutions included in First Guaranty's loan portfolio in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 During the years ended 2022 and 2021, First Guaranty paid approximately million, respectively, for printing services and supplies and office furniture and equipment to Champion Industries, Inc., of which Mr. Marshall T. Reynolds, the Chairman of First Guaranty's Board of Directors, is President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and a major shareholder of Champion. 
 
 On December 21, 2015, First Guaranty issued a million subordinated note (the "2015 Note") to Edgar Ray Smith III, a director of First Guaranty. The 2015 Note had a term (non-callable for first and bore interest at a fixed annual rate of for the first of the term and then adjusted to a floating rate based on the Prime Rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal plus basis points for the period of time after the fifth year until redemption or maturity. On June 21, 2022, First Guaranty issued a million subordinated note (the 2022 Note to Mr. Smith, and used the proceeds of such issuance to redeem the 2015 Note in full. The 2022 Note has a term, maturing on June 21, 2032, is non-callable for the first , and bears interest at a floating rate based on the Prime Rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal plus basis points. During the years ended 2022 and 2021, First Guaranty paid interest of million and million, respectively, under the 2015 Note and the 2022 Note. 
 
 During the years ended 2022 and 2021, First Guaranty paid approximately million and million, respectively, for the purchase and maintenance of First Guaranty's automobiles to subsidiaries of Hood Automotive Group, of which William K. Hood, a director of First Guaranty, is President. 
 
 During the years ended 2022 and 2021, First Guaranty paid approximately and , respectively, for architectural services in relation to bank branches to Gasaway Gasaway Bankston Architects, of which bank subsidiary board member Andrew B. Gasaway is part owner. 
 
 million and million, respectively, to Centurion Insurance, an insurance brokerage agency, to bind coverage at market terms for property casualty insurance and health insurance. First Guaranty owns a interest in Centurion and accounts for this investment under the equity method. 
 
 -102- 

Note 15. 
 
 up to the IRS legal limit of their base salaries, of which may be matched up to , at its sole discretion. Contributions to the savings plan were and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. First Guaranty has an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") which was frozen in 2010. contributions were made to the ESOP for the years 2022 or 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the ESOP held shares. First Guaranty is in the process of terminating the plan. 

Note 16. 
 
 Data processing ATM Fees Marketing and public relations Taxes - sales, capital and franchise Operating supplies Software expense and amortization Travel and lodging Telephone Amortization of core deposits Donations Net costs from other real estate and repossessions Regulatory assessment Other Total other noninterest expense 
 
 First Guaranty does not capitalize advertising costs. They are expensed as incurred and are included in other noninterest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Advertising expense was million for 2022 and 2021. 

-103- 

Note 17. 
 Deferred ) ) Total 
 
 Federal income taxes at statutory rate Tax exempt municipal income ) ) Other ) Total 
 
 Deferred taxes are recorded based upon differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and available tax credit carry forwards. Temporary differences between the financial statement and tax values of assets and liabilities give rise to deferred taxes. 
 
 Other real estate owned Unrealized losses on available for sale securities Net operating loss Other Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Core deposit intangibles ) ) Unrealized gains on available for sale securities Discount on purchased loans ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 
 First Guaranty determined that the net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was more likely than not to be realized based on an assessment of all available positive and negative evidence, and therefore no valuation allowance was recorded. 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were million as of December 31, 2022 and million in 2021. The carryforwards were acquired in 2017 in the Premier acquisition and expire from 2027 to 2034, and will be utilized subject to annual Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitations. 
 -104- 

t recognize any interest or penalties in its consolidated financial statements, r has it recorded an accrued liability for interest or penalty payments. 

Note 18. 
 
 Unfunded Commitments under lines of credit Commercial and Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer's creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon extension of credit, is based on Management's credit evaluation of the counterpart. Collateral requirements vary but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, residential real estate and commercial properties. 
 
 Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. The majority of these guarantees are short-term, or less; however, some guarantees extend for up to . The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities. Collateral requirements are the same as on-balance sheet instruments and commitments to extend credit. 
 
 There were losses incurred on off-balance sheet commitments in 2022 or 2021. 

-105- 

Note 19. 
 
 Level 2: Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 3: Significant Unobservable Inputs Securities available for sale measured at fair value 
 
 First Guaranty's valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While Management believes the methodologies used are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value. 
 
 The change in Level 1 securities available for sale from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was due to a net increase in Treasury bills of million. The change in Level 2 securities available for sale from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was due to the transfer of million in U.S. Government agency securities and million in corporate debt securities from the available for sale to the held to maturity portfolio. There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 securities available for sale from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. There were no transfers between Level 2 and 3 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 -106- 

Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized): Included in earnings Included in other comprehensive income ) ) Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net ) ) Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 ) Balance as of end of year 
 
 There were no gains or losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Level 2: Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 3: Significant Unobservable Inputs Impaired loans measured at fair value Fair Value Measurements Using: Other Real Estate Owned Level 1: Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets Level 2: Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 3: Significant Unobservable Inputs Other real estate owned measured at fair value 
 
 ASC 825-10 provides First Guaranty with an option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value. The fair value option established by this statement permits First Guaranty to choose to measure eligible items at fair value at specified election dates and report unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected in earnings at each reporting date subsequent to implementation. 
 
 First Guaranty has chosen not to elect the fair value option for any items that are not already required to be measured at fair value in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 -107- 

Note 20. 
 
 -108- 

Federal funds sold Securities, available for sale Securities, held for maturity Loans, net Cash surrender value of BOLI Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposits Short-term advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Short-term borrowings Repurchase agreements Accrued interest payable Long-term advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Senior long-term debt Junior subordinated debentures 

-109- 

Federal funds sold Securities, available for sale Securities, held for maturity Loans, net Cash surrender value of BOLI Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposits Short-term advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Repurchase agreements Accrued interest payable Long-term advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Senior long-term debt Junior subordinated debentures 
 
 There is no material difference between the contract amount and the estimated fair value of off-balance sheet items that are primarily comprised of short-term unfunded loan commitments that are generally at market prices. 

-110- 

Note 21. 
 
 of First Guaranty's deposits are derived from local governmental agencies at December 31, 2022. These governmental depositing authorities are generally long-term customers. A number of the depositing authorities are under contractual obligation to maintain their operating funds exclusively with First Guaranty. In most cases, First Guaranty is required to pledge securities or letters of credit issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank to the depositing authorities to collateralize their deposits. Under certain circumstances, the withdrawal of all of, or a significant portion of, the deposits of or more of the depositing authorities may result in a temporary reduction in liquidity, depending primarily on the maturities and/or classifications of the securities pledged against such deposits and the ability to replace such deposits with either new deposits or other borrowings. Public fund deposits totaled billion at December 31, 2022. 

Note 22. 
 
 to million. The Bank denies the allegations and intends to vigorously defend against this lawsuit, which is in very early stages. No trial date has been set, therefore and no accrued liability has been recorded related to this lawsuit. First Guaranty settled a case in the third quarter of 2021 for million. A receivable for million has been recorded for recovery through First Guaranty's insurance coverage. In the opinion of management, neither First Guaranty nor First Guaranty Bank is currently involved in such legal proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, that the resolution is expected to have a material adverse effect on First Guaranty s consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, one or more unfavorable outcomes in these ordinary claims or litigation against First Guaranty or First Guaranty Bank could have a material adverse effect for the period in which they are resolved. In addition, regardless of their merits or ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention, and may materially and adversely affect the reputation of First Guaranty and First Guaranty Bank, even if resolved favorably. 

Note 23. 
 
 per share on the closing date of the Transaction to the shareholders of Lone Star with an aggregate value equal to times Lone Star s tangible book value as of the month end prior to the closing date, subject to certain adjustments described in the Agreement. Outstanding options to purchase Lone Star common stock will be cashed out. The combined financial institutions will have approximately billion in total assets, billion in total loans, and billion in total deposits following the close of the Transaction. The Agreement was approved by the board of directors of each of First Guaranty, FGB, and Lone Star. 
 
 The Agreement contains certain termination rights for both First Guaranty and Lone Star and further provides that a termination fee of million will be payable by Lone Star to First Guaranty upon termination of the Agreement under certain specified circumstances. 
 -111- 

Note 24. 
 
 Investment in bank subsidiary Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Short-term debt Senior long-term debt Junior subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Net gains on sale of equity securities Other income Total operating income Operating Expenses Interest expense Salaries Benefits Other expenses Total operating expenses Income before income tax benefit and increase in equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary Income tax benefit Income before increase in equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary Increase in equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary Net Income 
 
 -112- 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Increase in equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) ) Depreciation and amortization Net change in other liabilities ) Net change in other assets Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales of equity securities Funds invested in equity securities ) Funds invested in bank subsidiary ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in short-term borrowings Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

-113- 

Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None 

Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of First Guaranty's management, including its Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and its Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 For further information, see "Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting" below. There was no change in First Guaranty's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, First Guaranty's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Management of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. has prepared the consolidated financial statements and other information in our Annual Report in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and is responsible for its accuracy. The financial statements necessarily include amounts that are based on Management's best estimates and judgments. In meeting its responsibility, Management relies on internal accounting and related control systems. The internal control systems are designed to ensure that transactions are properly authorized and recorded in our financial records and to safeguard our assets from material loss or misuse. Such assurance cannot be absolute because of inherent limitations in any internal control system. 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining the adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13 15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This section relates to Management's evaluation of internal control over financial reporting including controls over the preparation of the schedules equivalent to the basic financial statements and compliance with laws and regulations. Our evaluation included a review of the documentation of controls, evaluations of the design of the internal control system and tests of the effectiveness of internal controls. 
 
 Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework , Management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 First Guaranty's independent registered public accounting firm has also issued an attestation report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of First Guaranty's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B - Other Information 
 
 None 

Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 
 -114- 

Part III 

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) to Form 10-K, information called for by this item will be incorporated by reference from First Guaranty's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of fiscal year end. 

Item 11 - Executive Compensation 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) to Form 10-K, information called for by this item will be incorporated by reference from First Guaranty's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of fiscal year end. 

Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) to Form 10-K, information called for by this item will be incorporated by reference from First Guaranty's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of fiscal year end. 
 
 In addition, the information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be incorporated by reference from First Guaranty's Definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) to Form 10-K, information called for by this item will be incorporated by reference from First Guaranty's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of fiscal year end. 

Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) to Form 10-K, information called for by this item will be incorporated by reference from First Guaranty's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of fiscal year end. 

-115- 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15 - Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1 Consolidated Financial Statements Item Page First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID No. 
 71 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 78 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 79 
 2 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules All schedules to the consolidated financial statements of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiary have been omitted because they are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, or because the required information has been provided in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 3 Exhibits The exhibits required by Regulation S-K are set forth in the following list and are filed either by incorporation by reference from previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or by attachment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated below. 
 
 -116- 

Exhibit Number Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc., First Guaranty Bank and Lone Star Bank, dated January 6, 2023 (24). 
 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (1) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.(2) 
 3.3 A rticles of Am endment to the Restated Articles of Incorpor ation of First Guaranty Ban cshares, Inc. (17). 
 3.4 Bylaws of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.(3) 
 3.5 Amendment to Bylaws of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.(4) 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.(5) 
 4.2 Subordinated Note, dated as of June 21, 2022 , by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Edgar Ray Smith, III. (6) 
 4.3 Description of Common Stock. 
 4.4 Preferred Stock Specimen Certificate (16) 
 4.5 Description of Preferred Stock. 
 4.6 Deposit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2021, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Zions Bancorporation, National Association, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described herein (18) 
 4.7 Form of Depositary Receipt representing Depositary Shares (18) 
 10.1 Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21 , 20 22 , by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Edgar Ray Smith, III. (7) 
 10.2 Loan Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2015, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association. (8) 
 10.3 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2015, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association. (9) 
 10.4 Term Note, dated as of December 22, 2015, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association. (10) 
 10.5 Loan Agreement, dated November 7, 2019, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Horizon Bank (12) 
 10.6 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2019, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Horizon Bank (13) 
 10.7 Term Note, dated as of November 7, 2019, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Horizon Bank (14) 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2021, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Horizon Bank (19) 
 10.9 Revolving Credit Note, dated as of December 22, 2021, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Horizon Bank (20) 
 10.10 Second Amendment to Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2021, by and between First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and First Horizon Bank (21) 
 10.11 First Guaranty Bank Equity Bonus Plan (26) . 
 10.12 Form of Voting Agreement (25). 
 14.3 First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary Code of Conduct and Ethics for Employees, Officers and Directo r s (22). 
 14.4 First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (23). 
 21 Subsidiaries of the First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.(11) 
 23.1 Consent of Griffith, DeLaney, Hillman Lett CPA, PSC. 
 23.2 Consent of Castaing, Hussey Lolan, LLC. 
 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13(a)-15(e) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13(a)-15(e) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101). 
 -117- 

(1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2007. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 23, 2011. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2007. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2007. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2007. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2022. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2022. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2015. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2015. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2015. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 of the Registration statement on Form S-1 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2014. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2017. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2019. 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2019. 
 (15) Reserved 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2021. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2021. 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2021. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021. 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021. 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.3 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022. 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.4 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022. 
 (24) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2023. 
 (25) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2023. 
 (26) Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement file by First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. on April 15, 2022. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16 - Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 -118- 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, First Guaranty has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FIRST GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 
 Dated: March 16, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of First Guaranty and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Alton B. Lewis President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 16, 2023 Alton B. Lewis /s/ Eric J. Dosch Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 16, 2023 Eric J. Dosch /s/ Marshall T. Reynolds Chairman of the Board March 16, 2023 Marshall T. Reynolds /s/ William K. Hood Director March 16, 2023 William K. Hood /s/ Jack Rossi Director March 16, 2023 Jack Rossi /s/ Edgar R. Smith, III Director March 16, 2023 Edgar R. Smith, III /s/ Vanessa R. Drew Director March 16, 2023 Vanessa R. Drew 

-119- 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 fgbiex4312312022.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.3 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 The following summary contains a description of the general terms of our common stock. Each share of common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects to, each other share of common stock. The rights of the holders of our common stock are governed by First Guaranty Bancshares restated articles of incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation ), and by the Louisiana Business Corporation Act. 
 
 General 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 100,600,000 shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share and 100,000 shares of preferred stock, 1,000 par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had 10,716,796 shares of common stock outstanding. There are currently 34,500 shares of 6.75 Series A Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, 1,000 par value (the Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Our common stock and the Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol FGBI. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of common stock of First Guaranty Bancshares have exclusive voting rights in First Guaranty Bancshares. They elect First Guaranty Bancshares board of directors and act on other matters that are required to be presented to them under Louisiana law or that are otherwise presented to them by the board of directors. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share and does not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights except as set forth in our Articles of Incorporation or as otherwise specifically required by the Louisiana Business Corporation Act. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to certain regulatory requirements, and to the rights of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and any preferred stock that First Guaranty Bancshares may issue, holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive and share equally in such dividends as the board of directors of First Guaranty Bancshares may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Louisiana law prohibits distributions to shareholders if, after giving effect to the distribution, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. The payment of dividends by First Guaranty Bancshares is also subject to limitations that are imposed by federal law, regulation and policy. 
 
 The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement providing that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the holding company s prospective rate of earnings retention is consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Federal regulatory guidance also provides for prior regulatory consultation with respect to capital distributions in certain circumstances such as where the holding company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the holding company s overall rate or earnings retention is inconsistent with its capital needs and overall financial condition. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of First Guaranty Bancshares, holders of our common stock and any participating preferred stock will be entitled to receive, after payment or provision for payment of all of our debts and liabilities and the preferential rights of, and the payment of liquidation preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock and any preferred stock that First Guaranty Bancshares may issue, all of our assets available for distribution. 
 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 Holders of the common stock of First Guaranty Bancshares are not entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued. Holders of our common stock also do not have any redemption rights. 
 
 Restrictions on Acquisition of First Guaranty Bancshares 
 
 The following is a general summary of the material provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and bylaws and the Louisiana Business Corporation Act that may have an anti-takeover effect. Such provisions might discourage future takeover attempts by impeding efforts to acquire us or stock purchases in furtherance of such an acquisition. 
 
 Authorized Shares of Capital Stock. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 100,600,000 shares of common stock and up to 100,000 shares of preferred stock. Shares of preferred stock with voting rights could be issued and would then represent an additional class of stock required to approve any proposed acquisition. This preferred stock, together with authorized but unissued shares of our common stock, could represent additional capital required to be purchased by an acquiror. Issuance of such additional shares may also dilute the voting interest of our shareholders. 
 
 Generally, the Louisiana Business Corporation Act does not require shareholder approval for an issuance of authorized shares. However, the Louisiana Business Corporation Act does require shareholder approval of non-cash share issuances in excess of 20 of a corporation s total voting power on a pre-transaction basis. In addition, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which would apply so long as our common stock were listed on such market, require shareholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or the then outstanding number of shares of common stock, but not a public offering of common stock for cash. 

Preferred Stock. Our Articles of Incorporation contain provisions that permit the board of directors to issue, without any further vote or action by the shareholders, shares of preferred stock in one or more series and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting the series and designation of the series, the voting rights (if any) of the shares of the series, and the powers, preferences and relative, participation, optional and other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of the shares of such series. The creation and authorization of preferred stock does not, in and of itself, have any effect on the rights of holders of First Guaranty Bancshares common stock. However, the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock may affect the holders of First Guaranty Bancshares common stock in a number of respects, including the following by subordinating First Guaranty Bancshares common stock to the preferred stock with respect to dividend rights, liquidation preferences, and other rights, preferences and privileges by diluting the voting power of First Guaranty Bancshares common stock by becoming entitled to certain voting rights with respect to the election of directors of First Guaranty Bancshares if the payment of six quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive, are in default by diluting the earnings per share of First Guaranty Bancshares common stock and by issuing common stock, upon the conversion of the preferred stock, at a price below the fair market value or original issue price of the common stock that is outstanding prior to such issuance. First Guaranty Bancshares currently has 34,500 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. First Guaranty Bancshares common stock ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights and liquidating preferences. No dividends are payable on First Guaranty Bancshares common stock unless the full dividend has been paid with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock for the most recent dividend period. 
 
 Directors. The board of directors has the power to fill board vacancies, whether occurring by reason of an increase in the number of directors or by resignation, death, removal or otherwise, although the shareholders may fill vacancies at a special meeting called for that purpose before the board takes action. Our bylaws provide that, in general, any shareholder desiring to make a nomination for the election of directors must submit written notice not less than 45 days or more than 90 days in advance of the meeting. The shareholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at an annual or special meeting of shareholders or by written consent of holders of a majority of shares outstanding, have the power to remove any and all directors at any time, with or without cause. If, however, six quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive, on the Series A Preferred Stock or any preferred stock that First Guaranty Bancshares may issue are in default, then the number of directors then constituting the board of directors will be automatically increased by two and holders Series A Preferred Stock or any preferred stock that First Guaranty Bancshares may issue will be entitled to vote for the election of the two additional directors. Holders of First Guaranty Bancshares common stock are not entitled to vote on the election of the two additional directors in this circumstance. 
 
 Actions by Shareholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of the shareholders may be called only by a majority of the board of directors, the President, Chairman, or Chief Executive Officer, or the President or Secretary at the written request of the holders of at least one-fifth of all shares entitled to vote. The bylaws provide that notice of shareholder proposals for new business to be considered at an annual meeting must be submitted, in general, not less than 30 or more than 90 days before the meeting. 
 
 Under the Louisiana Business Corporation Act, any amendment of our Articles of Incorporation and any merger or other business combination that requires shareholder approval or statutory share exchange to which we are a party requires the approval of a majority of the shares entitled to be cast at the meeting of shareholders. In addition, the Louisiana Business Corporation Act also provides that if any class or series of shares is entitled to vote as a separate group on a plan of merger or share exchange, the approval of a majority of such separate voting group is required. 
 
 The board of directors may amend the bylaws of First Guaranty Bancshares without shareholder approval. 
 
 Indemnification. Our Articles of Incorporation and bylaws provide generally that we will indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Louisiana law, our directors and officers, as well as other persons who have served as directors, officers, fiduciaries or in other representative capacities, serving at our request in connection with any actual or threatened action, proceeding or investigation, subject to limited exceptions. To the extent that indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Finally, our ability to provide indemnification to our directors and officers is limited by federal banking laws and regulations. 
 
 Limitation of liability. Our Articles of Incorporation limit the personal liability of our directors in actions brought on our behalf or on behalf of our shareholders for monetary damages as a result of a director s acts or omissions while acting in a capacity as a director, with certain exceptions. Our Articles of Incorporation do not eliminate or limit our right or the right of our shareholders to seek injunctive or other equitable relief not involving monetary damages. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 fgbiex4512312022.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.5 
 Description of Preferred Stock 
 
 The following summary contains a description of the general terms of our preferred stock. The rights of the holders of our preferred stock are governed by First Guaranty Bancshares restated articles of incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation ), and by the Louisiana Business Corporation Act. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 100,600,000 shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share and 100,000 shares of preferred stock, 1,000 par value per share. There are currently 34,500 shares of 6.75 Series A Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, 1,000 par value (the Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Preferential Rights. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to First Guaranty Bancshares common stock and to each class or series of First Guaranty Bancshares capital stock that we may issue in the future, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks on parity with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks on parity with or equally to each class or series of First Guaranty Bancshares capital stock that we may issue in the future, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series of shares ranks on parity with, or equally to, the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds, non-cumulative cash dividends at a rate equal to 6.75 per annum on the liquidation amount of 1,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, payable quarterly in arrears on September 1, December 1, March 1 and June 1 of each year to record holders at the close of business on the 15 th day of the calendar monthly immediately preceding the month in which the dividend payment date falls. The amount of dividends is computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any dividend payment date is not a business day, then that dividend payment will be made on the next succeeding day that is a business day. 
 
 If full dividends on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have not been declared and paid or set aside for payment, First Guaranty Bancshares cannot declare or pay dividends with respect to, or redeem, purchase or acquire any of its common stock during the next succeeding dividend period other than (i) dividends payable solely in common stock (ii) redemptions, purchases or other acquisitions of First Guaranty common stock in connection with any benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of any one or more employees, officers, directors or consultants or in connection with a dividend reinvestment or shareholder stock purchase plan (iii) any declaration of a dividend in connection with any shareholders rights plan, or the issuance of rights, stock or other property under any shareholders rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant to such plans and (iv) conversions into or exchanges for other common stock and cash solely in lieu of fractional shares of common stock. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except as specifically required by the Louisiana Business Corporation Act and under the following circumstances, as set forth in First Guaranty Bancshares Articles of Incorporation 
 
 If dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid in full for at least six dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive), then number of directors then constituting the board of directors will be automatically increased by two and holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote for the election of the two additional directors 
 Any amendment of First Guaranty Bancshares articles of incorporation that would authorize, create or designate, or increase the authorized or designated amount of, any shares of any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Any amendment of First Guaranty Bancshares articles of incorporation that would alter or change the voting powers, limitations, preferences or relative rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 
 
 Any merger of First Guaranty Bancshares with or into any entity other than a corporation (or comparable foreign entity), or any merger of First Guaranty Bancshares into a corporation requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, unless the Series A Preferred Stock would remain outstanding following the transaction or the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are issued a class or series of preferred stock of the surviving or resulting corporation with voting powers, preferences and special rights that are substantially identical to those of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Liquidation. In the event of First Guaranty Bancshares voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of assets legally available for distribution to stockholders, before any distribution or payment out of its assets may be made to or set aside for the holders of First Guaranty Bancshares common stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation. 
 
 Redemption. The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to April 22, 2036. On any dividend payment date on or after April 22, 2026, the Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemable at the option of First Guaranty Bancshares, in whole or in part, for cash at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
 
 Preemptive Rights. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 fgbiex23112312022.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264610) of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiary, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiary included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of for the year end December 31, 2022, included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Griffith, DeLaney, Hillman & Lett CPA, PSC 
 Ashland, Kentucky 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 fgbiex23212312022.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264610) of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. of our report dated March 16, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiary for the year end December 31, 2021, included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Castaing, Hussey & Lolan, LLC 
 New Iberia, Louisiana 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 fgbiex311123122.htm
 CEO 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Alton B. Lewis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves Management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Alton B. Lewis 
 Alton B. LewisChief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 fgbiex312123122.htm
 CFO 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Eric J. Dosch, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) . 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves Management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Eric J. Dosch 
 Eric J. Dosch 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 Secretary and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer) 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 fgbiex321123122.htm
 CEO 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alton B. Lewis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Alton B. Lewis 
 Alton B. Lewis 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 fgbiex322123122.htm
 CFO 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric J. Dosch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Eric J. Dosch 
 Eric J. Dosch 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Secretary and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 fgbi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 fgbi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 fgbi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 fgbi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 fgbi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

