<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_36029_0000950170-23-003864.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>51553803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>368208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4087011</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>29729383</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3655347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12115873</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003864.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222193427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003864
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000036029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				750944023
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07674
		FILM NUMBER:		23655420

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PINE STREET
		CITY:			ABILENE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		325.627.7167

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 701
		CITY:			ABILENE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003864.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 ffin-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

The Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Table of Contents 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated file , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates was bi llion. 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHARES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 Business 
 3 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

ITEM 2. 
 
 Properties 
 29 

ITEM 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

ITEM 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 32 

ITEM 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 

ITEM 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 

ITEM 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 53 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 55 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 55 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 56 

ITEM 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 56 

ITEM 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 

ITEM 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 

ITEM 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 56 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 

ITEM 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 60 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. When used in this Form 10-K, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, predict, project, could, may, or would and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to our management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited, to those listed in Item 1A-Risk Factors and the following: 
 general economic conditions, including our local, state and national real estate markets and employment trends; 

the effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ); 

effect of severe weather conditions, including hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding and droughts; 

volatility and disruption in national and international financial and commodity markets; 

government intervention in the U.S. financial system including the effects of recent legislative, tax, accounting and regulatory actions and reforms, including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, the capital ratios of Basel III as adopted by the federal banking authorities and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; 

political or social unrest and economic instability; 

the ability of the federal government to address the national economy; 

changes in our competitive environment from other financial institutions and financial service providers; 

the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and other accounting standard setters; 

effect of the coronavirus COVID on our Company, the communities where we have our branches, the state of Texas and the United States, related to the economy and overall financial stability, including disruptions to supply channels and labor availability; 

government and regulatory responses to the COVID pandemic; 

the effect of changes in laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) with which we and our subsidiaries must comply; 

the costs, effects and results of regulatory examinations, investigations or reviews and the ability to obtain required regulatory approvals; 

changes in the demand for loans, including loans originated for sale in the secondary market; 

fluctuations in the value of collateral securing our loan portfolio and in the level of the allowance for credit losses; 

the accuracy of our estimates of future credit losses; 

the accuracy of our estimates and assumptions regarding the performance of our securities portfolio, including securities with a current unrealized loss; 

inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; 

soundness of other financial institutions with which we have transactions; 

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

changes in commodity prices (e.g., oil and gas, cattle, and wind energy); 

our ability to attract deposits, maintain and/or increase market share; 

changes in our liquidity position; including a result of a reduction in the amount of sources of liquidity we currently have; 

1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 fluctuations in the market value and liquidity of the investment securities we have classified as held-for-sale HFS ), including the effects of changes in market interest rates; 

changes in the reliability of our vendors, internal control system or information systems; 

cyber-attacks on our technology information systems, including fraud from our customers and external third-party vendors; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; 

acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses; 

the possible impairment of goodwill and other intangibles associated with our acquisitions; 

consequences of continued bank mergers and acquisitions in our market area, resulting in fewer but much larger and stronger competitors; 

expansion of operations, including branch openings, new product offerings and expansion into new markets; 

changes in our compensation and benefit plans; 

acts of God or of war or terrorism; 

the impact of changes to the global climate and its effect on our operations and customers; 

potential risk of environmental liability associated with lending activities; and 

our success at managing the risk involved in the foregoing items. 

In addition, financial markets and global supply chains may continue to be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the current Russian invasion of Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. 
 Such forward-looking statements reflect the current views of our management with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategies and liquidity. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise (except as required by law). 
 2 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

General 
 First Financial Bankshares, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company ), is a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or BHCA. As such, we are supervised by the Federal Reserve Board, as well as several other bank regulators. We were formed as a bank holding company in 1956 under the original name F M Operating Company, but our banking operations date back to 1890, when Farmers and Merchants National Bank opened for business in Abilene, Texas. As of December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiaries, all of which are headquartered in Abilene, Texas, were: 
 First Financial Bank, N.A.; 

First Technology Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Financial Bank, N.A.; 

FB Investment Paris Fund, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Financial Bank, N.A.; 

First Financial Trust Asset Management Company, N.A.; and 

First Financial Insurance Agency, Inc. 

Through our subsidiaries, we conduct a full-service commercial banking business. Our banking centers are located primarily in Central, North Central, Southeast and West Texas. As of December 31, 2022, we had 79 financial centers across Texas, with eleven locations in Abilene, five locations in Bryan/College Station, three locations in Weatherford, two locations in Cleburne, Conroe, San Angelo, Stephenville, and Granbury, and one location each in Acton, Albany, Aledo, Alvarado, Beaumont, Boyd, Bridgeport, Brock, Burleson, Cisco, Clyde, Cut and Shoot, Decatur, Eastland, El Campo, Fort Worth, Fulshear, Glen Rose, Grapevine, Hereford, Huntsville, Keller, Kingwood, Lumberton, Magnolia, Mauriceville, Merkel, Midlothian, Mineral Wells, Montgomery, Moran, New Waverly, Newton, Odessa, Orange, Palacios, Port Arthur, Ranger, Rising Star, Roby, Southlake, Spring, Sweetwater, Tomball, Trent, Trophy Club, Vidor, Waxahachie, Willis and Willow Park. Additionally, we operate mortgage loan offices in Austin and Addison, as well as Trust offices in Abilene, Beaumont, Bryan/College Station, Fort Worth, Houston, Odessa, San Angelo, San Antonio, Stephenville and Sweetwater. 
 Even though we operate in a growing number of Texas markets, we continue to believe that decisions are best made at the local level. Although we consolidated our bank charters into one charter in 2012, we continue to regionally manage our operations with local advisory boards of directors, local regional presidents and local decision-making processes. We have consolidated substantially all of the non-customer facing operations, such as investment securities, accounting, check processing, credit administration, risk management, treasury management, marketing, customer contact center, technology, training and human resources, which improved our efficiency and allows the regions to concentrate on serving the banking needs of their local communities. 
 We have chosen to keep our Company focused on the State of Texas, one of the nation s largest, fastest-growing and most economically diverse states. With approximately 30 million residents as of December 31, 2021, Texas has more people than any other state except California. The population of Texas grew 17.09 from 2011-2021 according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Many of the communities in which we operate are also experiencing positive growth as shown below: 
 Population Growth 2011-2021 by City and County 

Bridgeport and Wise County 

19.6 

Fort Worth and Tarrant County 

15.1 

Bryan/College Station and Brazos County 

20.0 

Granbury and Hood County 

24.6 

Cleburne and Johnson County 

23.2 

Stephenville and Erath County 

11.4 

Conroe and Montgomery County 

37.6 

Weatherford, Willow Park, Aledo and Parker County 

32.5 

Source: U. S. Census Bureau 

These economies include dynamic centers of higher education, agriculture, wind energy and natural resources, retail, military, technology, healthcare, tourism, retirement living, manufacturing and distribution. 
 We believe our community approach to doing business works best for us in small and mid-size markets, where we can play a prominent role in the economic, civic and cultural life of the community. Our goal is to serve these communities well and to experience growth as these markets continue to expand. In many instances, banking competition is less intense in smaller markets, making it easier for us to operate rationally and attract and retain high-caliber employees who prefer not only our community-bank concept but the high quality of life in smaller cities. 
 Over the years, we have grown in three ways: by growing organically, by opening new branch locations and by acquiring other banks. Since 1997, we have completed fourteen bank acquisitions and have increased our total assets from 1.57 billion to 12.97 billion as of 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 December 31, 2022. Looking ahead, we intend to continue to grow organically by serving the needs of our customers and putting them first in all of our decisions. We continually look for better branch locations so we can provide more convenient service to our customers. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire high quality banks in the future. 
 When targeting a bank for acquisition, the subject bank generally needs to be well managed and profitable and align with our corporate culture. We seek to enter growing communities with good amenities schools, infrastructure, commerce and lifestyle. We prefer non-metropolitan markets, either around Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, San Antonio or Austin or along the Interstate 35, 45, 10 and 20 corridors in Texas as well as in East Texas and the Texas Hill Country area. Banks between 500 million and 3.0 billion in asset size fit our sweet spot for acquisition, but we would consider banks that are larger or smaller, or that are in other areas of Texas if we believe they would be a cultural and financial fit for our Company. 
 Information on our financial condition and operating results appears in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Item 7 hereof. 
 First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 We provide management, technical resources and policy direction to our subsidiaries, which enable them to improve or expand their services while continuing their local activity and identity. Each of our subsidiaries operates under the day-to-day management of its own board of directors and officers. Our bank and subsidiaries have separate boards and the regions of the bank are guided by advisory boards of directors who are selected by the Company's board of directors. 
 In particular, we assist our subsidiaries with, among other things, decisions concerning major capital expenditures, insurance, finance and accounting, strategic planning, employee benefits, including retirement plans and group medical coverage, dividend policies, and appointment of officers and directors, including advisory directors, and their compensation. We also perform, through corporate staff groups or by outsourcing to third-parties, oversight of our subsidiaries. We provide advice and specialized services for our bank regions related to lending, investing, purchasing, advertising, public relations, and technology services. 
 We evaluate various potential financial institution acquisition opportunities and recommend approval to the board for potential locations for new branch offices by the bank. We anticipate that funding for any acquisitions or expansions would be provided from our existing cash balances, available dividends from our subsidiaries, utilization of available lines of credit, issuance of common stock to the acquired company s shareholders and future debt or equity offerings. 
 Services Offered by Our Subsidiaries 
 Our subsidiary bank, First Financial Bank, N.A., is a separate legal entity that operates under the day-to-day management and oversight of its board of directors and officers. Our 12 banking regions, which operate under our subsidiary bank, each have separate regional advisory boards that make recommendations and provide assistance to regional management of the bank regions regarding the operations of their respective region. Each of our bank regions provides general commercial banking services, which include accepting and holding checking, savings and time deposits, making loans, offering automated teller machines ATMs ), drive-in and night deposit services, safe deposit facilities, remote deposit capture, internet banking, mobile banking, payroll cards, funds transfer, and performing other customary commercial banking services. In addition, we provide securities brokerage services through an arrangement with an unrelated third-party in our Abilene and San Angelo regions. 
 We also provide full-service trust and wealth management activities through our trust company, First Financial Trust Asset Management Company, N.A. Our trust company has ten locations, which are all located in Texas in Abilene, Beaumont, Bryan/College Station, Fort Worth, Houston, Odessa, San Angelo, San Antonio, Stephenville and Sweetwater. Through our trust company, we offer personal trust services, which include wealth management, the administration of estates, oil and gas management, testamentary trusts, revocable and irrevocable trusts and agency accounts. We also administer all types of retirement and employee benefit accounts, which include 401(k) profit sharing plans and IRAs. The Company has been providing trust services since 1927. 
 Competition 
 Commercial banking in Texas is highly competitive, and because we hold less than 1 of the state s deposits, we represent a smaller segment of the market share in Texas. To succeed in this industry, we believe that we must have the capability to compete effectively in the areas of interest rates paid or charged; scope of services offered; prices charged for such services; and personalized customer service delivered at the local level. Our bank regions compete in their respective service areas against highly competitive banks, thrifts, savings and loan associations, small loan companies, credit unions, mortgage companies, insurance companies, Fintech, and brokerage firms, all of which are engaged in providing financial products and services and some of which are larger than us in terms of capital, resources and personnel. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our business does not depend on any single customer or any few customers, and the loss of any one would not have a materially adverse effect upon our business. Although we have a broad base of customers that are not related to us, our customers also occasionally include our officers and directors, as well as other entities with which we are affiliated. Through our bank regions we may make loans to our officers and directors, and entities with which we are affiliated, in the ordinary course of business. We make these loans on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons. Loans to our directors, officers and their affiliates are also subject to numerous restrictions under federal banking laws, which we describe in greater detail below, under the heading Supervision and Regulation Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders. 
 Overview of the Impact from the COVID Pandemic 
 During March 2020, the outbreak of the novel Coronavirus Disease 2019, commonly referred to as COVID, was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the President of the United States. The spread of COVID created a global public health crisis resulting in unprecedented uncertainty, volatility, and disruption in financial markets and in governmental, commercial and consumer activity in the United States and globally, including the markets that we serve across the State of Texas. 
 In 2022, restrictive measures related to the COVID pandemic continued to ease, both on a national level and more specifically in the Company's markets in Texas. Most businesses have returned to full capacity, which has increased commercial and consumer activity. The overall outlook has improved due to the availability of vaccines, although uncertainty remains as new variants emerge and ongoing vaccine effectiveness is undetermined. The Company continues to monitor the impact of COVID on its customers, the communities it serves and the economy as a whole; however, the extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact operations and financial results into 2023 is undetermined. 
 In March of 2020, the Federal Reserve lowered the federal funds target rate to a range of between zero to 0.25 , which negatively impacted our net interest income, our primary source of earnings. As the pandemic eased through 2021 and inflation increased, the Federal Reserve aggressively raised the federal funds target rate to 4.25-4.50 by the end of 2022. These actions positively impacted growth in net interest income in 2022 but the higher rates could negatively impact loan customers in a slowing economy. 
 Our financial position and results of operations are particularly susceptible to the ability of our loan customers to meet loan obligations, the availability of our workforce, the availability of our vendors and the decline in the value of assets held by us. While its effects continue to improve, the COVID pandemic has resulted in temporary disruptions to the labor force due to absences as well as the overall supply chain which may continue to cause our customers (including affected businesses and individuals), vendors and counterparties to be unable to meet obligations to us. 
 The U.S. government enacted certain fiscal stimulus measures in several phases to counteract the economic disruption caused by COVID. Many of these measures have expired at this point. 
 During 2020 and 2021, we funded approximately 9,700 Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans totaling 970.87 million. At December 31, 2022, the Company s PPP loans have an outstanding balance remaining of 169 thousand following repayments and forgiveness by the SBA. 
 Throughout the COVID pandemic during 2020 and 2021, our Company took significant actions to address the impact of COVID on our employees and customers with the stated goal of protecting all parties during the pandemic. We continue to monitor ongoing issues from COVID and adjust our employee protocols as needed to protect the health of our employees and customers as well as addressing the financial needs of our communities. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing actions, the COVID outbreak could still, among other things, greatly affect our routine and essential operations due to staff absenteeism, particularly among key personnel, further limit access to or result in further closures of our branch facilities and other physical offices, exacerbate operational, technical, or security-related risks arising from a remote workforce, and result in adverse government or regulatory agency orders. The business and operations of our third-party service providers, many of whom perform critical services for our business, could also be significantly impacted, which in turn could impact us. As a result, we are currently unable to fully assess or predict the extent of the continuous effects of COVID on our operations as the ultimate impact will depend on factors that are currently unknown and/or beyond our control. 
 Human Capital 
 We operate as a community bank offering a wide range of commercial banking and related services to consumers, small businesses, corporations, non-profits, governmental entities, and others. A cornerstone of our operating model is based on personal relationships with our customers. Therefore, our model is heavily dependent on our personnel to execute our strategy within each region supported by our lines of business and operational support areas within the Company. Our executive leadership is critical to the success of our Company as each executive participates in developing our corporate strategy, policy setting, and oversight of each of their respective operating areas. The executive officers have significant banking experience and/or tenure with the Company, including our Chairman, CEO and President who has over forty-six years with the Company. Our regional operating philosophy is heavily dependent on our Regional CEOs/Presidents who drive the daily execution of 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our strategy, customer service, and local decision-making, across our twelve regions. On average, our fourteen Regional or Divisional CEOs and Presidents have approximately twenty-six years of banking experience and eleven years of service with the Company. 
 On December 31, 2022, the Company employed 1,501 employees, approximately 1,400 full-time and 100 part-time, all located in the State of Texas. Our management believes that our employee relations have been and will continue to be good. None of our employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements. 
 We seek to attract the best bankers in the markets we serve as well as key managers and associates to serve and build relationships with our customers. On a day-to-day basis, these associates execute on our Excellence in Customer Service culture, including our 21 Non-Negotiables of Customer Service, which were developed by management with the assistance of Horst Schulze, the founder of The Ritz Carlton Hotel Company and an independent consultant to the Company for the last four years. Initially, each new associate attends New Employee Orientation to gain an understanding of our culture, including our customer service approach, our organization, and our operating and other policies. From there, associates also receive specific training for their applicable area of service. 
 We then provide a number of internally developed training programs and encourage associates to attend selected external programs. We require certain areas (lending, trust, risk, operations) to obtain certifications for their current and future roles in the organization (for example, most lenders are required to obtain the Credit Risk Certification from the Risk Management Association). The Company also provides educational assistance for employees to further their professional development. In fact, six of our current Regional CEO/Presidents started their careers with the Company and progressed to their current levels over time. 
 We embrace and promote a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion to attract, recruit, retain, develop, and promote employees who represent the diverse communities we serve. Our employees bring their own unique backgrounds, beliefs, cultures, and experiences to our organization. By promoting and fostering a workforce that we believe is reflective of our customers and communities, we seek to better understand the financial needs of our prospects and customers and provide them with relevant financial service products. 
 We celebrate our diverse and inclusive workplace as it brings new ideas, perspectives, and ways to enhance our overall customer and employee experience. Of our Regional and Divisional CEO/Presidents, four are women (three of whom were promoted to these positions during the last three years). Additionally, 1,082, or approximately 72 percent, of our employees are female and 638, or approximately 43 percent, of our employees are minorities, veterans and/or self-identify as disabled. 
 The Company provides, in addition to competitive salaries, either at the Company s expense or through employee deductions, benefits to its associates to help protect their health and well-being, including medical, dental, vision, employee assistance, short and long-term disability, life insurance, and paid time off (vacation, holidays and sick time). Additionally, through our 401(k) retirement benefits, and profit-sharing contributions (which also contains an employee stock ownership plan, or ESOP feature), the Company facilitates its associate s future financial well-being. These benefits when combined with incentive compensation programs, both cash and equity based, serve as rewards for performance but also as a retention vehicle for our employee base. The Company has strong relationships with its employee base leading to an average tenure of approximately six years with the Company (including its predecessor banks). During 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred expenses totaling approximately 22.42 million and 27.41 million, respectively, for these benefits. 
 Understanding and supporting our communities has been a critical part of our Company s success. We strive every day to improve the quality of life in every community that we are in. We support schools, cities, counties and churches with the latest in financial services, as well as our time and money. We provide leadership to our local nonprofits and churches by being on their boards, volunteering to raise money, as well as helping them provide services. In many cases, our employees chair their boards and give of their time freely. In addition to our continuous involvement, we perform an annual Company-wide day of service to help improve the communities in which we live and serve. In 2022, this amounted to approximately 8,200 hours of community service across our footprint. 
 Overall, the attraction, development and retention of our executives, regional presidents and associates are integral to the performance of our Company, which ultimately drives value to our shareholders in the form of dividends and price appreciation of our common stock. Accordingly, our Board of Directors participates in the oversight of our employment practices and policies, through the Compensation Committee. Our board sets the overall tone at the top and holds executive management accountable for embodying, maintaining, and communicating our culture to employees. Currently, our board is comprised of eleven members, including two females with one being Hispanic, and one African-American male. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 Both federal and state laws extensively regulate bank holding companies, financial holding companies and banks. These laws (and the regulations promulgated thereunder) are primarily intended to protect depositors and the deposit insurance fund (the DIF of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC. The following information describes particular laws and regulatory provisions relating to financial holding companies and banks. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular laws and regulatory provisions. A change in any of these laws or regulations may have a material effect on our business and the business of our subsidiaries. Recent political developments, including the change in administration of the United States federal government, have added additional uncertainty in the implementation, scope and timing of regulatory reforms. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Bank Holding Companies and Financial Holding Companies 
 Historically, the activities of bank holding companies were limited to the business of banking and activities closely related or incidental to banking. Bank holding companies were generally prohibited from acquiring control of any company that was not a bank and from engaging in any business other than the business of banking or managing and controlling banks. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which took effect on March 12, 2000, dismantled many Depression-era restrictions against affiliations between banking, securities and insurance firms by permitting bank holding companies to engage in a broader range of financial activities, so long as certain safeguards are observed. Specifically, bank holding companies may elect to become financial holding companies that may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity. Thus, with the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, banks, security firms and insurance companies find it easier to acquire or affiliate with each other and cross-sell financial products. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act permits a single financial services organization to offer a more complete array of financial products and services than historically was permitted. 
 A financial holding company is essentially a bank holding company with significantly expanded powers. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, in addition to traditional lending activities, the following activities are among those that are deemed financial in nature for financial holding companies: securities underwriting, dealing in or making a market in securities, sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies, insurance underwriting and agency activities, activities which the Federal Reserve Board determines to be closely related to banking, and certain merchant banking activities. 
 We elected to become a financial holding company in September 2001. As a financial holding company, we have very broad discretion to affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies, provide merchant banking services, and engage in other activities that the Federal Reserve Board has deemed financial in nature. In order to continue as a financial holding company, our subsidiary bank must continue to be well-capitalized, well-managed and provide fair access to financial products and services. Depending on the types of financial activities that we may elect to engage in, under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act s functional regulation principles, we may become subject to supervision by additional government agencies. The election to be treated as a financial holding company increases our ability to offer financial products and services that historically we were either unable to provide or were only able to provide on a limited basis. As a result, we will face increased competition in the markets for any new financial products and services that we may offer. Likewise, an increased amount of consolidation among banks and securities firms or banks and insurance firms could result in a growing number of large financial institutions that could compete aggressively with us. 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 We must obtain approval from the banking regulators before we can acquire other financial institutions. We may not engage in certain acquisitions if we are undercapitalized. Furthermore, the BHCA provides that the Federal Reserve Board cannot approve any acquisition, merger or consolidation that may substantially lessen competition in the banking industry, create a monopoly in any section of the country, or be a restraint of trade. However, the Federal Reserve Board may approve such a transaction if the convenience and needs of the community clearly outweigh any anti-competitive effects. Specifically, the Federal Reserve Board would consider, among other factors, the expected benefits to the public (greater convenience, increased competition, greater efficiency, etc.) against the risks of possible adverse effects (undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest, unsound banking practices, etc.). 
 Under the BHCA, the Company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board, or acting under delegated authority, the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas before (1) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any class of voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after the acquisition, the Company would directly or indirectly own or control 5 or more of the class, (2) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or (3) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. 
 The Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, or the CIBCA, and the related regulations of the Federal Reserve Board require any person or groups of persons acting in concert (except for companies required to make application under the BHCA), to file a written notice with the Federal Reserve Board before the person or group acquires control of the Company. The CIBCA defines control as the direct or indirect power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities or to direct the management or policies of a bank holding company or an insured bank. A rebuttable presumption of control arises under the CIBCA where a person or group controls 10 or more, but less than 25 , of a class of the voting stock of a company or insured bank which is a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such as the Company, or such ownership interest is greater than the ownership interest held by any other person or group. 
 Banks 
 Federal and state laws and regulations that govern banks have the effect of, among other things, regulating the scope of business, investments, cash reserves, the purpose and nature of loans, the maximum interest rate chargeable on loans, the amount of dividends declared, and required capitalization ratios. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Banks organized as national banking associations under the National Bank Act are subject to regulation and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or OCC. As a result, the OCC now supervises, regulates and regularly examines the following subsidiaries: 
 First Financial Bank, N.A.; 

First Financial Trust Asset Management Company, N.A.; and 

First Technology Services, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Financial Bank, N.A.) 

FB Investment Paris Fund, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Financial Bank, N.A.) 

The OCC s supervision and regulation of banks is primarily intended to protect the interests of depositors. The National Bank Act: 
 requires each national banking association to maintain reserves against deposits; 

restricts the nature and amount of loans that may be made and the interest that may be charged; and 

restricts investments and other activities. 

Deposit Insurance Coverage and Assessments 
 Our subsidiary bank is a member of the FDIC. Through the DIF, the FDIC provides deposit insurance protection that covers all deposit accounts in FDIC-insured depository institutions up to applicable limits (currently, 250 thousand per depositor). 
 Our subsidiary bank must pay deposit insurance assessments (or premiums) to the FDIC under a risk-based assessment system for this federal deposit insurance protection. FDIC-insured depository institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. Institutions assigned to higher risk classifications (i.e., institutions that pose a greater risk of loss to the DIF) pay assessments at higher rates than institutions assigned to lower risk classifications. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to bank regulators. In addition, the FDIC can impose special assessments to cover shortages in the DIF and has imposed special assessments in the past. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act required the FDIC to offset the effect of increasing the reserve ratio on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. In September 2018, the reserve ratio reached 1.36 at which time banks with assets of less than 10 billion were awarded assessment credits for their portion of their assessments that contributed to the growth in the reserve ratio from 1.15 to 1.35 . When the reserve ratio reached 1.40 in June 2019, the FDIC applied these credits to the September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2020 assessment invoices. Our subsidiary bank s assessment credit totaled 1.85 million of which 522 thousand, 525 thousand, 541 thousand and 264 thousand, respectively, were used to fully offset the September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020 assessment invoices while the June 30, 2020 assessment invoice was significantly reduced by the remaining credits. As a result of our subsidiary bank exceeding 10 billion in assets as of December 31, 2020, our subsidiary bank is no longer eligible to utilize future credits, if any, to offset its FDIC assessment. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, for institutions with 10 billion or more in assets, the FDIC uses a performance score and a loss severity score that are used to calculate an initial assessment rate. In calculating these scores, the FDIC uses a bank's capital level and regulatory supervisory ratings and certain financial measures to assess an institution's ability to withstand asset-related stress and funding-related stress. The FDIC also has the ability to make discretionary adjustments to the total score based upon significant risk factors that are not adequately captured in the calculations. 
 Under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, or FIRREA, an FDIC-insured depository institution can be held liable for any losses incurred by the FDIC in connection with (1) the default of one of its FDIC-insured subsidiaries or (2) any assistance provided by the FDIC to one of its FDIC-receivers, and in danger of default is defined generally as the existence of certain conditions indicating that a default is likely to occur in the absence of regulatory assistance. 
 The FDIC is also empowered to regulate interest rates paid by insured banks. Approval by the FDIC is also required before an insured bank retires any part of its common or preferred stock, or any capital notes or debentures. 
 Payment of Dividends 
 We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our banking and other subsidiaries. We receive most of our revenue from dividends paid to us by our bank and trust company subsidiaries. Described below are some of the laws and regulations that apply when either we or our subsidiaries pay or paid dividends. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the FDIC have issued policy statements that recommend that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends to the extent net income is sufficient to cover both cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention consistent with capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Further, the Federal Reserve Board s policy provides that bank holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines the bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that each bank holding company should carefully review its dividend policy, and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels, which is the maximum dividend amount that may be issued and allow the company to still maintain its target Tier 1 capital ratio, unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
 To pay dividends, our subsidiaries must maintain adequate capital above regulatory guidelines. Under federal law, our subsidiary bank cannot pay a dividend if, after paying the dividend, the bank would be undercapitalized. Additionally, the maximum payout amount paid by our Company and subsidiary bank is restricted if regulatory capital ratios fall below capital conservation buffers. In addition, if the FDIC believes that a bank under its jurisdiction is engaged in, or is about to engage in, an unsafe or unsound practice (which, depending on the financial condition of the bank, could include the payment of dividends), the FDIC may require, after notice and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from the unsafe practice. The FDIC and the OCC have each indicated paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. 
 National banks are required by federal law to obtain the prior approval of the OCC in order to declare and pay dividends if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year would exceed the total of (1) such bank s net profits (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for that year plus (2) its retained net profits (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to surplus, or (3) its regulatory capital ratios fall below capital conservation buffers. In addition, these banks may only pay dividends to the extent that retained net profits (including the portion transferred to surplus) exceed bad debts (as defined by regulation). 
 Our subsidiaries paid aggregate dividends to us of 67.50 million in 2022 and 96.50 million in 2021. Under the dividend restrictions discussed above, as of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries could have declared in the aggregate additional dividends of 437.16 million from retained net profits, without obtaining regulatory approvals. 
 Affiliate Transactions 
 The Federal Reserve Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA and the rules adopted under these statutes restrict the extent to which we can borrow or otherwise obtain credit from, or engage in certain other transactions with, our subsidiaries. These laws regulate covered transactions between insured depository institutions and their subsidiaries, on the one hand, and their non-depository affiliates, on the other hand. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the definition of affiliate to make any investment fund, including a mutual fund, for which a depository institution or its affiliates serve as an investment advisor an affiliate of the depository institution. Covered transactions include a loan or extension of credit to a non-depository affiliate, a purchase of securities issued by such an affiliate, a purchase of assets from such an affiliate (unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve Board), an acceptance of securities issued by such an affiliate as collateral for a loan, and an issuance of a guarantee, acceptance, or letter of credit for the benefit of such an affiliate. The Dodd-Frank Act extended the limitations to derivative transactions, repurchase agreements and securities lending and borrowing transactions that create credit exposure to an affiliate or an insider. The covered transactions that an insured depository institution and its subsidiaries are permitted to engage in with their non-depository affiliates are limited to the following amounts: (1) in the case of any one such affiliate, the aggregate amount of covered transactions cannot exceed ten percent of the capital stock and the surplus of the insured depository institution; and (2) in the case of all affiliates, the aggregate amount of covered transactions cannot exceed twenty percent of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution. In addition, extensions of credit that constitute covered transactions must be collateralized in prescribed amounts. Further, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of services. Finally, when we and our subsidiaries conduct transactions internally among us, we are required to do so at arm s length. 
 Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders 
 The authority of our subsidiary bank to extend credit to our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, including their immediate family members, corporations and other entities that they control, is subject to substantial restrictions and requirements under Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These statutes and regulations impose specific limits on the amount of loans our subsidiary bank may make to directors and other insiders, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans that exceed certain amounts. In addition, all loans our subsidiary bank makes to directors and other insiders must satisfy the following requirements: 
 the loans must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with us or our subsidiary bank; 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the subsidiary bank must follow credit underwriting procedures at least as stringent as those applicable to comparable transactions with persons who are not affiliated with us or our subsidiary bank; and 

the loans must not involve a greater than normal risk of non-payment or include other features not favorable to our subsidiary bank. 

Furthermore, our subsidiary bank must periodically report all loans made to directors and other insiders to the bank regulators, and these loans are closely scrutinized by the regulators for compliance with Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O. Each loan to directors or other insiders must be pre-approved by the bank s board of directors with the interested director abstaining from voting. 
 Capital 
 We and our bank subsidiary are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC, respectively. The current risk-based capital standards applicable to us and our bank subsidiary are based on the December 2010 final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel III Rules ). 
 The Basel III Rules established three components of regulatory capital: (1) common equity tier 1 capital CET1 ), (2) additional tier 1 capital, and (3) total capital. Tier 1 capital is the sum of CET1 and additional tier 1 capital instruments meeting certain revised requirements. Total capital is the sum of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital elements. Under the Basel III Rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of additional tier 1 capital is non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allocation for credit losses, in each case, subject to the Basel III Rules specific requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock or subordinated notes. CET1, tier 1 capital, and total capital serve as the numerators for three prescribed regulatory capital ratios. Risk-weighted assets, calculated using the standardized approach in the Basel III Rules for us and our subsidiary bank, provide the denominator for such ratios. There is also a leverage capital ratio that compares tier 1 capital to average total assets. 
 Pursuant to the Basel III Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss AOCI items are not excluded; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations, including us and our subsidiary bank, could make a one-time permanent election to continue to exclude these items. The Company made its one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude AOCI from capital in its filing with the Federal Reserve Board and OCC for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. If the Company would not have made this election, unrealized gains and losses would have been included in the calculation of its regulatory capital. The Basel III Rules also preclude certain hybrid securities, such as trust preferred securities issued prior to May 19, 2010, from inclusion in our tier 1 capital, subject to grandfathering in the case of companies, such as us, that had less than 15 billion in total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009. 
 Under the Basel III Rules, the minimum capital ratios effective as of January 1, 2015 are: 
 A minimum CET1 ratio to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer that is composed entirely of CET1 capital (resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of 7.0 ); 

A minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ); 

A minimum ratio of total capital (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ); and 

A minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 , calculated as the ratio of Tire 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the leverage ratio ). 

An institution that fails to meet the effective minimum ratios after taking into account the capital conservation buffer, as detailed above, will be subject to limitations on certain activities including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive offers if its capital level is below the buffer amount. 
 The Basel III Rules prescribed a standardized approach for risk weightings that expanded the risk-weighting categories from the general risk-based capital rules to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. 
 With respect to our bank subsidiary, the Basel III Rules also revised the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as discussed below under Prompt Corrective Action. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total risk-based capital ratio of 19.29 , a tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asset ratio of 18.22 , a CET1 to risk-weighted assets ratio of 18.22 and a leverage ratio of 10.96 . These regulatory capital ratios were calculated under the Basel III Rules. 
 Prompt Corrective Action. 
 A banking organization s capital plays an important role in connection with regulatory enforcement as well. Federal law provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions. The extent of the regulators powers depends on whether the institution in question is adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized, in each case as defined by regulation. Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii) limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to be acquired; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates; (v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution; (vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 Under current regulations, our subsidiary bank was well capitalized as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our Support of Our Subsidiaries 
 Under Federal Reserve Board policy, we are expected to commit resources to act as a source of strength to support each of our subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. This support may be required at times when, absent such requirement, we would not otherwise be required to provide it. In addition, any loans we make to our subsidiaries would be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to other indebtedness of our subsidiaries. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and be subject to a priority of payment. 
 Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in the event of a loss suffered or anticipated by the FDIC (either as a result of the default of a banking subsidiary or related to FDIC assistance provided to a subsidiary in danger of default) our other subsidiaries may be assessed for the FDIC s loss. 
 Safe and Sound Banking Practices. 
 Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe and unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve Board s Regulation Y, for example, generally requires a holding company to give the Federal Reserve Board prior notice of any redemption or repurchase of its own equity securities, if the consideration to be paid, together with the consideration paid for any repurchases or redemptions in the preceding year, is equal to 10 or more of the bank holding company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may oppose the transaction if it believes that the transaction would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law or regulation. Depending upon the circumstances, the Federal Reserve Board could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has broad authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or which constitute violations of laws or regulations, and can assess civil money penalties for certain activities conducted on a knowing and reckless basis, if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as 1.0 million for each day the activity continues. 
 Interstate Banking and Branching 
 Effective June 1, 1997, the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 amended the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and certain other statutes to permit state and national banks with different home states to merge across state lines, with approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, unless the home state of a participating bank had passed legislation prior to May 31, 1997 expressly prohibiting interstate mergers. Under the Riegle-Neal Act amendments, once a state or national bank has established branches in a state, that bank may establish and acquire additional branches at any location in the state at which any bank involved in the interstate merger transaction could have established or acquired branches under applicable federal or state law. If a state opted out of interstate branching within the specified time period, no bank in any other state may establish a branch in the state which has opted out, whether through an acquisition or de novo. 
 However, under the Dodd-Frank Act, the national branching requirements have been relaxed and national banks and state banks are able to establish branches in any state if that state would permit the establishment of the branch by a state bank chartered in that state. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or FDIA, requires that the FDIC review (1) any merger or consolidation by or with an insured bank, or (2) any establishment of branches by an insured bank. Additionally, the Texas Department of Banking accepts applications for interstate merger and branching transactions, subject to certain limitations on ages of the banks to be acquired and the total amount of deposits within the state a bank or financial holding company may control. Since our primary service area is Texas, we do not expect that the ability to operate in other states will have any material impact on our growth strategy. We may, however, face increased competition from out-of-state banks that branch or make acquisitions in our primary markets in Texas. 
 Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 
 The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, or CRA, subjects a bank to regulatory assessment to determine if the institution meets the credit needs of its entire community, including low-and moderate-income neighborhoods served by the bank, and to take that determination into account in its evaluation of any application made by such bank for, among other things, approval of the acquisition or establishment of a branch or other depository facility, an office relocation, a merger, or the acquisition of shares of capital stock of another financial institution. The regulatory authority prepares a written evaluation of an institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its entire community and assigns a rating. These ratings are Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs Improvement and Substantial Noncompliance. Institutions with ratings lower than Satisfactory may be restricted from engaging in the aforementioned activities. We believe our subsidiary bank meets the credit needs of the communities in which it operates. Our subsidiary bank received a Satisfactory rating in its most recent assessment of its performance under the CRA by the OCC. 
 Monitoring and Reporting Suspicious Activity 
 Under the Bank Secrecy Act, or BSA, we are required to monitor and report unusual or suspicious account activity that might signify money laundering, tax evasion or other criminal activities, as well as transactions involving the transfer or withdrawal of amounts in excess of prescribed limits. The BSA is sometimes referred to as an anti-money laundering law AML ). Several AML acts, including provisions in Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, have been enacted up to the present to amend the BSA. Under the USA PATRIOT Act, financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships as well as enhanced due diligence and know your customer standards in their dealings with financial institutions and foreign customers. For example, the enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls generally require financial institutions to take reasonable steps: 
 to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and report any suspicious transaction; 

to ascertain the identity of the nominal and beneficial owners of, and the source of funds deposited into, each account as needed to guard against money laundering and report any suspicious transactions; 

to ascertain for any foreign bank, the shares of which are not publicly traded, the identity of the owners of the foreign bank, and the nature and extent of the ownership interest of each such owner; and 

to ascertain whether any foreign bank provides correspondent accounts to other foreign banks and, if so, the identity of those foreign banks and related due diligence information. 

Under the USA PATRIOT Act, financial institutions are also required to establish anti-money laundering programs. The USA PATRIOT Act sets forth minimum standards for these programs, including: 
 the development of internal policies, procedures, and controls; 

the designation of a compliance officer; 

an ongoing employee training program; and 

an independent audit function to test the programs. 

In addition, under the USA PATRIOT Act, the Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or Treasury, has adopted rules addressing a number of related issues, including increasing the cooperation and information sharing between financial institutions, regulators, and law enforcement authorities regarding individuals, entities and organizations engaged in, or reasonably suspected based on credible evidence of engaging in, terrorist acts or money laundering activities. Any financial institution complying with these rules will not be deemed to violate the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act that are discussed below. Finally, under the regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control, or OFAC, we are required to monitor and block transactions with certain specially designated nationals who OFAC has determined pose a risk to U.S. national security. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Incentive Compensation 
 In June 2010, the Federal Reserve Board, OCC and FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. 
 The Federal Reserve Board will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Company, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews will be tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 In addition, Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act required certain regulators (including the FDIC, Securities and Exchanges Commission SEC and Federal Reserve Board) to adopt requirements or guidelines prohibiting excessive compensation. In June 2016, the Federal Reserve, jointly with five other federal regulators, published a proposed rule in response to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires implementation of regulations or guidelines to: (1) prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by certain financial institutions by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss, and (2) require those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate federal regulator. 
 The proposed rule identifies three categories of institutions that would be covered by these regulations based on average total consolidated assets, applying less prescriptive incentive-based compensation program requirements to the smallest covered institutions (Level 3) and progressively more rigorous requirements to the larger covered institutions (Level 1). Under the proposed rule, we would fall into the smallest category (Level 3), which applies to financial institutions with average total consolidated assets greater than 1.0 billion and less than 50 billion. The proposed rules would establish general qualitative requirements applicable to all covered entities, which would include (i) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation; (ii) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks that could lead to a material financial loss; (iii) establishing requirements for performance measures to appropriately balance risk and reward; (iv) requiring board of director oversight of incentive arrangements; and (v) mandating appropriate recordkeeping. Under the proposed rule, larger financial institutions with total consolidated assets of at least 50 billion would also be subject to additional requirements applicable to such institutions senior executive officers and significant risk-takers. These additional requirements would not be applicable to us because we currently have less than 50 billion in total consolidated assets. Comments on the proposed rule were due by July 22, 2016. As of the date of this document, the final rule has not yet been published by these regulators. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation at their first annual meeting taking place six months after the date of enactment and at least every three years thereafter and on so-called golden parachute payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions unless previously voted on by shareholders. The legislation also authorizes the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate their own candidates using a company s proxy materials. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal banking regulators to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess of 1.0 billion, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded or not. The Dodd-Frank Act gives the SEC authority to prohibit broker discretionary voting on elections of directors and executive compensation matters. 
 Consumer Laws and Regulations 
 We are also subject to certain federal and state consumer laws and regulations that are designed to protect consumers in transactions with banks. While the following list is not exhaustive, these laws and regulations include the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the Fair Housing Act, among others. These laws and regulations, among other things, prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, gender or other designated characteristics and mandate various disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits or making loans to such customers. These and other laws also limit finance charges or other fees or charges earned in our activities. We must comply with the applicable provisions of these consumer protection laws and regulations. Violations of consumer protection laws and regulations can result in significant potential liability, 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 including actual damages, restitution and injunctive relief from litigation brought by customers, state attorney generals, the Department of Justice and other plaintiffs, as well as enforcement actions by banking regulators and reputational harm. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created a new, independent federal agency called the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), which is granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain other statutes. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with 10 billion or more in assets. Given the Bank has exceeded 10 billion in assets, the Bank is subject to regulation by the CFPB. The CFPB has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offering of consumer financial products. The Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and standards that are more stringent than those adopted at the federal level and, in certain circumstances, permits the state attorney general to enforce compliance with both the state and federal laws and regulations. 
 Technology Risk Management and Consumer Privacy 
 State and federal banking regulators have issued various policy statements emphasizing the importance of technology risk management and supervision in evaluating the safety and soundness of depository institutions with respect to banks that contract with outside vendors to provide data processing and core banking functions. The use of technology-related products, services, delivery channels and processes exposes a bank to various risks, particularly operational, privacy, security, strategic, reputation and compliance risk. Banks are generally expected to prudently manage technology-related risks as part of their comprehensive risk management policies by identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling risks associated with the use of technology. 
 Under Section 501 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the federal banking agencies have established standards for financial institutions regarding the implementation of safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of consumer records and information, protection against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records and protection against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information in a way that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to a consumer. Among other matters, the rules require each bank to implement a comprehensive written information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards relating to customer information. 
 Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a financial institution must also provide its customers with a notice of privacy policies and practices. Section 502 prohibits a financial institution from disclosing nonpublic personal information about a customer to nonaffiliated third-parties unless the institution satisfies various notice and opt-out requirements and the customer has not elected to opt out of the disclosure. Under Section 504, the agencies are authorized to issue regulations as necessary to implement notice requirements and restrictions on a financial institution s ability to disclose nonpublic personal information about customers to nonaffiliated third-parties. Under the final rule the regulators adopted, all banks must develop initial and annual privacy notices which describe in general terms the bank s information sharing practices. Banks that share nonpublic personal information about customers with nonaffiliated third-parties must also provide customers with an opt-out notice and a reasonable period of time for the customer to opt out of any such disclosure (with certain exceptions). Limitations are placed on the extent to which a bank can disclose an account number or access code for credit card, deposit or transaction accounts to any nonaffiliated third-party for use in marketing. 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations 
 The federal banking agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-farm residential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 300 or more of total capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. Owner occupied loans are excluded from this second category. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address the following key elements: including board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 UDAP and UDAAP 
 Banking regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address unethical or otherwise bad business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, referred to as the FTC Act, which is the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, referred to as UDAP, and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce. Unjustified consumer injury is the principal focus of the FTC Act. Prior to the Dodd-Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance with UDAP laws and regulations. However, UDAP laws and regulations have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, referred to as UDAAP, which have been delegated to the CFPB for supervision. The CFPB has published its first Supervision and Examination Manual that addresses compliance with and the examination of UDAAP. 
 Monetary Policy 
 Banks are affected by the credit policies of monetary authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, that affect the national supply of credit. The Federal Reserve Board regulates the supply of credit in order to influence general economic conditions, primarily through open market operations in United States government obligations, varying the discount rate on financial institution borrowings, varying reserve requirements against financial institution deposits, and restricting certain borrowings by financial institutions and their subsidiaries. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. 
 Enforcement Powers of Federal Banking Agencies 
 The Federal Reserve Board and other federal banking agencies and regulators have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, issue cease-and-desist orders, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties and appoint a conservator or receiver. Our failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other regulatory pronouncements could subject us, as well as our officers and directors, to administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil penalties. 
 Regulatory Reform and Legislation 
 From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or our subsidiaries could have a material effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, which was enacted in July 2010, effected a fundamental restructuring of federal banking regulation. In addition to those provisions discussed above, among the Dodd-Frank Act provisions that have affected us are the following: 
 creation of a new Financial Stability Oversight Council to identify systemic risks in the financial system and gives federal regulators new authority to take control of and liquidate financial firms; 

elimination of the federal statutory prohibition against the payment of interest on business checking accounts; 

prohibition on state-chartered banks engaging in derivatives transactions unless the loans to one borrower of the state in which the bank is chartered takes into consideration credit exposure to derivative transactions. For this purpose, derivative transactions include any contract, agreement, swap, warrant, note or option that is based in whole or in part on the value of, any interest in, or any quantitative measure or the occurrence of any event relating to, one or more commodity securities, currencies, interest or other rates, indices or other assets; 

requirement that the amount of any interchange fee charged by a debit card issuer with respect to a debit card transaction must be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer. On June 29, 2011, the Federal Reserve Board set the interchange rate cap at 0.21 per transaction and 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. The restrictions on interchange fees apply to banks that, together with their affiliates, have assets of 10 billion or more; however, on November 20, 2020, the federal bank 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 regulatory agencies announced an interim final rule that provides temporary relief for certain community banking organizations had crossed the threshold as of December 31, 2020 if they had less than 10 billion in assets as of December 31, 2019. Under the interim final rule, these banks generally had until 2022 to either reduce their size to below 10 billion in assets, or to prepare for the regulatory and reporting standards under the Dodd Frank Act. The Company has continued to exceed 10 billion in assets and as such, the restrictions became effective July 1, 2022; and 

restrictions under the Volcker Rule of the Company s ability to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in, sponsor and engage in certain types of transactions with certain private funds. The Company initially had until July 15, 2015 to fully conform to the Volcker Rules restrictions. In 2018, banks smaller than 10 billion in assets were provided with an exception to the Volcker Rule. However, the Company is now subject to the Volcker Rule now that it has exceeded 10 billion in assets. 

Several of the Dodd-Frank Act s provisions are still subject to the final rulemaking by federal banking agencies, and the implication of the Dodd-Frank Act for the Company s business will depend to a large extent on how such rules are adopted and implemented. The Company s management continues to review actively the provisions of the Dodd Frank Act and assess its probable impact on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . You may obtain copies of our filings on the SEC website. Our website is https://www.ffin.com . You may also obtain copies of our annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and certain other information filed with the SEC, as well as amendments thereto, free of charge from our website. These documents are posted to our web site after we have filed them with the SEC. Our corporate governance guidelines, including our code of conduct applicable to all our employees, officers and directors, as well as the charters of our audit, compensation, executive and nominating committees, are available at www.ffin.com . The foregoing information is also available in print to any shareholder who requests it. Except as explicitly provided, information on any web site is not incorporated into this Form 10-K or our other securities filings and is not a part of them. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors, including but not limited to those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results and other forward-looking statements that we make from time to time in our news releases, annual reports and other written communications, as well as oral forward-looking statements, and other statements made from time to time by our representatives. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to interest rate risk. 
 Our profitability is dependent to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income we earn as a result of interest paid to us on loans and investments and interest we pay to third-parties such as our depositors and those from which we borrow funds. Like most financial institutions, we are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, (iii) the average duration of our securities portfolio, and (iv) the slope of the overall yield curve and its impact on the value of the investment portfolio and reinvestment income. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and investments, our net interest income, and earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. 
 The Federal Reserve increased rates 200 basis points through mid-2019 and as a response to the ongoing COVID pandemic decreased rates 75 basis points during the third and fourth quarters of 2019 and then an additional 150 basis points in the first quarter of 2020, resulting in a target rate range of zero to 25 basis points throughout the remainder of 2020 and 2021. The Federal Reserve Board began increasing interest rates by raising rate 25 basis points in March 2022, 50 basis points in May 2022, 75 points in June, July, September and November 2022, respectively, and 50 basis points in December 2022, resulting in a target range of 4.25 to 4.50 at December 31, 2022. Most recently, on February 1, 2023, the Federal Reserve Board increased rates another 25 basis points resulting in a current target rate of 4.50 to 4.75 . Today, there continues to be uncertainty regarding future interest rates. Increases in interest rates can have negative impacts on our business, including reducing our 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 customers desire to borrow money from us or adversely affecting their ability to repay their outstanding loans by increasing their debt obligations through the periodic reset of adjustable interest rate loans. If our borrowers ability to pay their loans is impaired by increasing interest payment obligations, our level of non-performing assets would increase, producing an adverse effect on operating results. Asset values, especially commercial real estate as collateral, securities or other fixed rate earning assets, can decline significantly with relatively minor changes in interest rates. Conversely, decreases in interest rates can affect the amount of interest we earn on our loans and investment securities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Although we have implemented strategies that we believe reduce the potential effects of adverse changes in interest rates on our results of operations, these strategies may not always be successful. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from London interbank offered rate LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 The United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority and the administrator of LIBOR have announced that the publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be published or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be published as of December 31, 2021. Given consumer protection, litigation, and reputational risks, the bank regulatory agencies indicated that entering new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, could create safety and soundness risks and that they would examine bank practices accordingly. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks, and in December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted related implementing rules. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. As a result, and despite the enactment of the LIBOR Act, for the most commonly used LIBOR settings, the use or selection of a successor rate could expose us to risks associated with disputes and litigation with our customers and counterparties and other market participants in connection with implementing LIBOR fallback provisions. 
 We discontinued originating LIBOR-based loans effective December 31, 2021 and are now negotiating loans using our preferred replacement indexes, AMERIBOR, a benchmark developed by the American Financial Exchange, as well as SOFR, a benchmark that is based on transactions from the Treasury repurchase market and Wall Street Journal Prime. 
 At December 31, 2022, we have 13 loans totaling 47.16 million that have adjustable rates indexed to LIBOR. We continue to work with those customers, the Main Street lending program sponsored by the Federal Reserve and/or the originating bank for loan participations purchased to revise those documents to address the applicable index. 
 Credit Risk 
 In our business, we must effectively manage our credit risk. 
 As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers may not repay their loans according to the terms of these loans and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be inadequately documented or may be insufficient to fully compensate us for the outstanding balance of the loan plus the costs to dispose of the collateral. We may experience significant loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Management makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the diversification by industry of our commercial loan portfolio, the amount of nonperforming loans and related collateral, the volume, growth and composition of our loan portfolio, the effects on the loan portfolio of current economic indicators and their probable impact on borrowers and the evaluation of our loan portfolio through our internal loan review process and other relevant factors. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is an allowance established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense that represents management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio. Additional credit losses will occur in the future and may occur at a rate greater than we have experienced to date. In determining the amount of the allowance, we rely on an analysis of our loan portfolio, our experience and our evaluation of general economic conditions. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our current allowance may not be sufficient and adjustments may be necessary to allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments in our loan portfolio. Material additions to the allowance could materially decrease our net income. 
 In addition, banking regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require us to increase our provision for credit losses or recognize further charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of our management. Any increase in our allowance for credit losses or charge-offs as required by these regulatory agencies could have a material negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. To remediate these risks, often we will obtain a phase 1 and if deemed necessary, a phase 2 inspection report to evaluate potential environmental risks before making loans secured by real property and before considering foreclosing on these assets. Environmental reviews of real property before initiating foreclosure actions may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The value of real estate collateral may fluctuate significantly resulting in an under-collateralized loan portfolio. 
 The market value of real estate, particularly real estate held-for-investment HFI ), can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. If the value of the real estate serving as collateral for our loan portfolio were to decline materially, a significant part of our loan portfolio could become under-collateralized. If the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled during a time when market conditions are declining or have declined, then, in the event of foreclosure, we may not be able to realize the amount of collateral that we anticipated at the time of originating the loan. This could have a material adverse effect on our provision for credit losses and our operating results and financial condition. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 We are subject to liquidity risk. 
 The Company requires liquidity to meet our deposit and other obligations as they come due. The Company s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance its activities or on reasonable terms could be impaired by factors that affect it specifically or the financial services industry or the general economy. Factors that could reduce its access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the Texas market, difficult credit markets, depreciation in investment security values, or adverse regulatory actions against the Company. The Company s access to deposits may also be affected by the liquidity needs of its depositors. In particular, a substantial majority of the Company s liabilities are demand, savings, interest checking and money market deposits, which are payable on demand or upon several days notice, while by comparison, a substantial portion of its assets are loans, which cannot be called or sold in the same time frame. The Company may not be able to replace maturing deposits and advances as necessary in the future, especially if a large number of its depositors sought to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 Operational Risk 
 Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 The processes we use to estimate our allowance for credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models, including various inputs and assumptions (collectively, the models ). In addition, these models are used to calculate the fair value of our assets and liabilities when we acquire other financial institutions. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our current expected credit losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments is inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 315.53 million of goodwill and other intangible assets. A significant decline in our financial condition, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower growth rates or a significant and sustained decline in the price of our common stock may necessitate taking charges in the future related to the impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill and other intangible assets is necessary, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Breakdowns in our internal controls and procedures could have an adverse effect on us. 
 We believe our internal control system as currently documented and functioning is adequate to provide reasonable assurance over our internal controls. Nevertheless, because of the inherent limitation in administering a cost effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Breakdowns in our internal controls and procedures could occur in the future, and any such breakdowns could have an adverse effect on us. See Item 9A Controls and Procedures for additional information. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject the Company to additional risks. 
 From time to time, the Company may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or products and services, the Company may invest significant time and resources. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. If we are unable to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 First Financial Bankshares, Inc. relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for most of its revenue. 
 First Financial Bankshares , Inc. is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends paid by its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Company s common stock to shareholders and interest and principal on First Financial Bankshares, Inc. debt (to the extent we have balances outstanding). Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that our bank and trust subsidiaries may pay to First Financial Bankshares, Inc. In the event our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends to First Financial Bankshares, Inc., the Company may not be able to service debt, if any, or pay dividends on the Company s common stock. The inability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Hurricanes, extended drought conditions, severe weather and natural disasters could significantly impact the Company's business. 
 Hurricanes, extended drought conditions, severe weather and natural disasters and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the Company's ability to conduct business. Such events affect the stability of the Company's deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of the collateral securing our loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any such events in the future could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 We rely heavily on our management team, and the unexpected loss of key management or inability to recruit qualified personnel in the future may adversely impact our operations. 
 Our success to date has been strongly influenced by our ability to attract and retain senior management experienced in banking in the markets we serve. Our ability to retain executive officers and the current management teams will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategies. We do not have employment agreements with these key employees other than executive agreements in the event of a change of control and a confidential information, non-solicitation and non-competition agreement related to our stock options and restricted stock award, restricted stock unit and performance stock unit grants. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, the scope and content of U.S. banking regulators policies on incentive compensation, could adversely affect our ability to hire, retain and motivate our key employees. 
 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 World events such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the COVID pandemic may adversely impact our business and our financial results, and the ultimate impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 The Russia-Ukraine conflict and COVID pandemic are creating extensive disruptions in the global economy and to the lives of individuals throughout the world. While the effects of COVID have reduced, the pandemic and related efforts to contain it have disrupted global economic activity, adversely affected the functioning of financial markets, impacted interest rates, increased economic and market uncertainty, employment and labor markets and disrupted trade and supply chains. In addition, financial markets and global supply chains may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the current Russian invasion of Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. If these effects continue for a prolonged period or result in sustained economic stress or recession, many of the risk factors identified in our Form 10-K could be exacerbated and such effects could have a material adverse impact on us in a number of ways related to credit, collateral, customer demand, funding, operations, interest rate risk, human capital and self-insurance, as previously described. 
 System failure or cybersecurity breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other potential losses. 
 The computer systems and network infrastructure we use could be vulnerable to unforeseen hardware and cybersecurity issues, including hacking and identity theft. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect the computer systems and network infrastructure utilized by us, including our Internet banking activities, against damage from physical break-ins, cybersecurity breaches and other disruptive problems caused by the Internet or other users. Such computer break-ins and other disruptions would jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us, damage our reputation and inhibit current and potential customers from our Internet banking services. Each year, we add additional security measures to our computer systems and network infrastructure to mitigate the possibility of cybersecurity breaches including firewalls and penetration testing. We continue to investigate cost effective measures as well as insurance protection. 
 Furthermore, our customers could incorrectly blame the Company and terminate their accounts with the Company for a cyber-incident which occurred on their own system or to an unrelated third-party. In addition, a security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by security breaches at third-parties. 
 Our customers interact with their own and other third-party systems, which pose operational risks to us. We may be adversely affected by data breaches at retailers and other third-parties who maintain data relating to our customers that involve the theft of customers data, including the theft of customers debit card, merchant credit card, wire transfer and other identifying and/or access information used to make purchases or payments at retailers and other third-parties. 
 In the event of a data breach at one or more retailers of considerable magnitude, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to claims and litigation pertaining to intellectual property. 
 We rely on technology companies to provide information technology products and services necessary to support our day-to-day operations. Technology companies frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. Competitors of our vendors, or other individuals or companies, have from time to time claimed to hold intellectual property sold to us by its vendors. Such claims may increase in the future as the financial services sector becomes more reliant on information technology vendors. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages. 
 Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents or other intellectual property rights, or the merits of any claims by potential or actual litigants, we may have to engage in litigation that could be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations, and distracting to management. If we are found to infringe on one or more patents or other intellectual property rights, we may be required to pay substantial damages or royalties to a third-party. In certain cases, we may consider entering into licensing agreements for disputed intellectual property, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These licenses may also significantly increase our operating expenses. If legal matters related to intellectual property claims were resolved against us or settled, we could be required to make payments in amounts that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we must rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. We also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third-parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do business with other financial institutions that could experience financial difficulty. 
 We do business through the purchase and sale of federal funds, check clearing and through the purchase and sale of loan participations with other financial institutions. Because these financial institutions have many risks, as do we, we could be adversely affected should one of these financial institutions experience significant financial difficulties or fail to comply with our agreements with them. 
 We are subject to possible claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 From time to time, customers could make claims and take legal actions pertaining to our performance of our fiduciary responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal actions related to our performance of our fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect our market perception of our products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations rely on certain external vendors. 
 We rely on certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations. Accordingly, our operations are exposed to risk that these vendors will not perform in accordance with the contracted agreements under service level agreements. The failure of an external vendor to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements under service level agreements, because of changes in the vendor s organizational structure, financial condition, support for existing products or services or strategic focus or for any other reason, could be disruptive to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. Security breaches at certain external vendors may expose our Company's or customers' data, which poses operational, compliance and reputation risks. 
 Certain of our investment advisory and wealth management contracts are subject to termination on short notice, and termination of a significant number of investment advisory contracts could have a material adverse impact on our revenue. 
 Certain of our investment advisory and wealth management clients can terminate, with little or no notice, their relationships with us, reduce their aggregate assets under management, or shift their funds to other types of accounts with different rate structures for any number of reasons, including investment performance, changes in prevailing interest rates, inflation, changes in investment preferences of clients, changes in our reputation in the marketplace, change in management or control of clients, loss of key investment management personnel and financial market performance. We cannot be certain that our trust company subsidiary will be able to retain all of its clients. If its clients terminate their investment advisory and wealth management contracts, our trust company subsidiary, and consequently we, could lose a substantial portion of our revenues. 
 The trust wealth management fees we receive may decrease as a result of poor investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms, which could decrease our revenues and net earnings. 
 Our trust company subsidiary derives its revenues primarily from investment management fees based on assets under management. Our ability to maintain or increase assets under management is subject to a number of factors, including investors perception of our past performance, in either relative or absolute terms, market and economic conditions, including changes in oil and gas prices, and competition from investment management companies. Financial markets are affected by many factors, all of which are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, changes in oil and gas prices; securities market conditions; the level and volatility of interest rates and equity prices; competitive conditions; liquidity of global markets; international and regional political conditions; regulatory and legislative developments; monetary and fiscal policy; investor sentiment; availability and cost of capital; technological changes and events; outcome of legal proceedings; changes in currency values; inflation; credit ratings; and the size, volume and timing of transactions. A decline in the fair value of the assets under management, caused by a decline in general economic conditions, would decrease our wealth management fee income. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing clients and competing for new wealth management clients. Poor investment performance could reduce our revenues and impair our growth in the following ways: 
 existing clients may withdraw funds from our wealth management business in favor of better performing products; 

asset-based management fees could decline from a decrease in assets under management; 

our ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish; and 

our wealth managers and investment advisors may depart to join a competitor or otherwise. 

Even when market conditions are generally favorable, our investment performance may be adversely affected by the investment style of our wealth management and investment advisors and the particular investments that they make. To the extent our future investment performance is perceived to be poor in either relative or absolute terms, the revenues and profitability of our wealth management business will likely be reduced and our ability to attract new clients will likely be impaired. As such, fluctuations in the equity and debt markets can have a direct impact upon our net earnings. In addition, as approximately 18 of trust fees came from management of oil and gas properties in 2022, a decline in the prices of oil and gas could lead to a loss of material amounts of our trust income. 
 Our reputation and business could be damaged by negative publicity. 
 Reputation risk, or the risk to our earnings and capital by negative public opinion, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and expose us to additional liquidity risk as well as adverse legal and regulatory consequences. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, perception of our environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, regulatory compliance or investigations, mergers and acquisitions, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Negative public opinion could also result from adverse news or publicity that impairs the reputation of the financial services industry. In addition, adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media, whether or not factually correct, may adversely impact our business prospects or financial results. 
 External and Market Related Risks 
 Our business faces unpredictable economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on us. 
 General economic conditions impact the banking industry. The credit quality of our loan portfolio necessarily reflects, among other things, the general economic conditions in the areas in which we conduct our business. Our continued financial success depends somewhat on factors beyond our control, including: 
 general economic conditions, including national and local real estate markets and the price of oil and gas, wind farm subsidies from the federal government and other commodity prices; 

the supply of and demand for investable funds; 

demand for loans and access to credit; 

interest rates; and 

federal, state and local laws affecting these matters. 

Any substantial deterioration in any of the foregoing conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, which would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our business is concentrated in Texas and a downturn in the economy of Texas may adversely affect our business. 
 Our network of bank regions is concentrated in Texas, primarily in the Central, North Central, Southeast and Western regions of the state. Most of our customers and revenue are derived from these areas. These economies include dynamic centers of higher education, agriculture, energy and natural resources, retail, military, healthcare, tourism, retirement living, manufacturing and distribution. Because we generally do not derive revenue or customers from other parts of the state or nation, our business and operations are dependent on economic conditions in our Texas markets. Any significant decline in one or more segments of the local economies could adversely affect our business, revenue, operations and properties. 
 The volatility in oil and gas prices results in uncertainty about the Texas economy. While we consider our exposure to credits related to the oil and gas industry to not be significant, at approximately 2.91 , net of PPP loans, of total loans HFI as of December 31, 2022, should the price of oil and gas decline and/or remain at low prices for an extended period, the general economic conditions in our Texas markets could be 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the Company's trust revenues may be impacted by oil and gas prices which represented approximately 18 and 12 of total trust revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our Company lends primarily to small to medium-sized businesses that may have fewer resources to weather a downturn in the economy, which could adversely impact the Company s operating results. 
 The Company makes loans to privately-owned businesses, many of which are considered to be small to medium-sized businesses. Small to medium-sized businesses frequently have smaller market share than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need additional capital to expand or compete and may experience more volatility in operating results. Any one or more of these factors may impair the borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of small to medium-sized businesses often depends on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay our loans. Economic downturns, a sustained decline in commodity prices and other events that could negatively impact the businesses could cause the Company to incur credit losses that could negatively affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to continue to originate residential real estate loans and sell them into the secondary market for a profit, our earnings could decrease. 
 We derive a portion of our noninterest income from the origination of residential real estate loans and the subsequent sale of such loans into the secondary market. If we are unable to continue to originate and sell residential real estate loans at historical or greater levels, our residential real estate loan volume would decrease, which could decrease our earnings. A rising interest rate environment, general economic conditions or other factors beyond our control could adversely affect our ability to originate residential real estate loans. We also are experiencing an increase in regulations and compliance requirements related to mortgage loan originations necessitating technology upgrades and other changes. If new regulations continue to increase and we are unable to make technology upgrades, our ability to originate mortgage loans will be reduced or eliminated. Additionally, we sell a large portion of our residential real estate loans to third-party investors, and rising interest rates could negatively affect our ability to generate suitable profits on the sale of such loans. If interest rates increase after we originate the loans, our ability to market those loans is impaired as the profitability on the loans decreases. These fluctuations can have an adverse effect on the revenue we generate from residential real estate loans and in certain instances, could result in a loss on the sale of the loans. 
 We originate the majority of our secondary market loans by issuing interest rate lock commitments IRLCs to the customer based on prevailing rates in the market. We are exposed to changes in interest rates between the date of the IRLC and the closing of the loans. We hedge the price risk of the IRLCs based on various models and other factors using financial instruments which typically, but not always, correlate to the change in value to offset the risk. These hedges may not be equally correlated or effective and expose the Company to risk and loss of earnings. 
 Further, for the mortgage loans we sell in the secondary market, the mortgage loan sales contracts contain indemnification clauses should the loans default, generally in the first sixty to ninety days, or if documentation is determined not to be in compliance with regulations. While the Company s historic losses as a result of these indemnities have been insignificant, we could be required to repurchase the mortgage loans or reimburse the purchaser of our loans for losses incurred. Both of these situations could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our mortgage loan activities and negatively impact our net income. 
 We compete in an industry that continually experiences technological change, and we may have fewer resources than many of our competitors to continue to invest in technological improvements. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services and new Fintech companies. In addition to improving the ability to serve customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for conveniences, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. 
 Difficult or changes in market conditions could adversely affect the financial services industry. 
 The financial markets have experienced volatility over the past several years. In some cases, the financial markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain companies without regard to those companies underlying financial strength. If financial market volatility worsens, or there are disruptions in these financial markets, including disruptions to the United States banking systems, there 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 can be no assurance that we will not experience an adverse effect on our ability to access capital and our business, financial condition and result of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 
 Inflation rose in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years, and such inflationary pressures are currently expected to continue into 2023. Inflation could lead to increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations increasing our credit risk. In general, the impact of inflation on the banking industry differs significantly from that of other industries in which a large portion of total resources are invested in fixed assets such as property, plant and equipment. Assets and liabilities of financial institutions are primarily all monetary in nature, and therefore are principally impacted by interest rates rather than changing prices. While the general level of inflation underlies most interest rates, interest rates react more to changes in the expected rate of inflation and to changes in monetary and fiscal policy. 
 Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could depress asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial instruments expose us to certain market risks and may increase the volatility of earnings and AOCI. 
 We hold certain financial instruments measured at fair value. For those financial instruments measured at fair value, we are required to recognize the changes in the fair value of such instruments in earnings or accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI each quarter. Therefore, any increases or decreases in the fair value of these financial instruments have a corresponding impact on reported earnings or AOCI. Fair value can be affected by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including our credit position, interest rate volatility, capital markets volatility, and other economic factors. Accordingly, we are subject to mark-to-market risk and the application of fair value accounting may cause our earnings and AOCI to be more volatile than would be suggested by our underlying performance. 
 We may need to raise additional capital and such funds may not be available when needed . 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources to meet our commitments and business needs, particularly if our asset quality or earnings were to deteriorate significantly. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital and financial markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and our financial performance. Economic conditions and the loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase our cost of funding and limit access to certain customary sources of capital, other financial institution borrowings and borrowings from the discount window of the Federal Reserve. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of other financial institutions, or counterparties participating in the capital markets, may adversely affect our costs and our ability to raise capital. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change, and related legislative and regulatory initiatives, have the potential to disrupt our business and adversely impact the operations and creditworthiness of our customers. 
 Climate change may lead to more frequent and more extreme weather events, such as prolonged droughts or flooding, hurricanes, wildfires and extreme seasonal weather, which could disrupt operations at one or more of our locations and our ability to provide financial products and services to our customers. Such events could also have a negative effect on the financial status and creditworthiness of our customers, which may decrease revenues and business activities from those customers and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to such customers. In addition, weather disasters, shifts in local climates and other disruptions related to climate change may adversely affect the value of real properties securing our loans, which could diminish the value of our loan portfolio. Such events may also cause reductions in regional and local economic activity that may have an adverse effect on our customers, which could limit our ability to raise and invest capital in these areas and communities, each of which could have a material effect on our financial conditions and results of operations. 
 Political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. The federal and state legislatures and regulatory agencies have proposed legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. These agreements and measures may result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits, and the implementation of significant operational changes. In addition, the federal banking agencies may address climate-related issues in their agendas in various ways, including by increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks' risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors, and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. We may incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environmental, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human risks. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 We compete with many larger financial institutions which have substantially greater financial resources than we have . 
 Competition among financial institutions in Texas is intense. We compete with other bank holding companies, state and national commercial banks, savings and loan associations, consumer financial companies, credit unions, securities brokers, insurance companies, mortgage banking companies, money market mutual funds, asset-based non-bank lenders and other non-bank financial institutions. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial resources, larger lending limits, larger branch networks, enhanced technology and less regulatory oversight than we do, and are able to offer a broader range of products and services than we can. Failure to compete effectively for deposit, loan and other banking customers in our markets could cause us to lose market share, slow our growth rate and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 We may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements which would adversely affect our net income and future growth. 
 The Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule that implemented the Basel III Rule changes to the international regulatory capital framework and revised the U.S. risk-based and leverage capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations to strengthen identified areas of weakness in capital rules and to address relevant provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 The final rule established a stricter regulatory capital framework that requires banking organizations to hold more and higher-quality capital to act as a financial cushion to absorb losses and help banking organizations better withstand periods of financial stress. The final rule increased capital ratios for all banking organizations and introduced a capital conservation buffer which is in addition to each capital ratio. If a banking organization dips into its capital conservation buffer, it may be restricted in its ability to pay dividends and discretionary bonus payments to its executive officers. The final rule assigned a higher risk weight to loans that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and to certain commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also required unrealized gains and losses on certain available-for-sale AFS securities holdings to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital requirements unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. We exercised this opt-out right in our March 31, 2015 quarterly financial filing. The final rule also included changes in what constitutes regulatory capital. In addition, Tier 2 capital is no longer limited to the amount of Tier 1 capital included in total capital. Mortgage servicing rights, certain deferred tax assets and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries over designated percentages of common stock are required to be deducted from capital. The final rule became effective for us on January 1, 2015. As of December 31, 2022, we met all of these new requirements, including the full capital conservation buffer. 
 Although we currently cannot predict the specific impact and long-term effects that Basel III will have on our Company and the banking industry more generally, the Company may be required to maintain higher regulatory capital levels through the capital conservation buffer which could impact our operations, net income and ability to grow. Furthermore, the Company s failure to comply with the minimum capital requirements could result in our regulators taking formal or informal actions against us which could restrict our future growth or operations. For example, climate change advocates might not be able to force a regulatory ban on lending to certain industries, but the regulators could increase risk weighting on oil and gas loans. 
 Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price. 
 Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject may increase in connection with legislative and regulatory developments to address perceived unfairness and abuses under current regulations. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. Compliance with these laws and regulations have resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations, especially those that apply to our consumer 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 operations, which has been an area of heightened focus, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results. 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The CFPB, OCC, the Department of Justice and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of direct and indirect negative consequence sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity and restrictions on expansion activity. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions, or even the threat of such actions, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 OFAC, the BSA and related FinCEN and FFIEC Guidelines and regulations could result in material implications. 
 Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with the USA PATRIOT ACT, OFAC, the BSA and related FinCEN and FFIEC Guidelines. Certain products we offer may expose us to enhanced risk in the event of noncompliance, including and not limited to providing our treasury management services to certain money transmitter and money services businesses. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs as required by these obligations to combat terrorist financing, elder abuse, human trafficking, anti-money laundering and other suspicious activity and to fully comply with all of the relevant laws or regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and significant civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these regulations. 
 Our business is subject to significant government regulation. 
 We operate in a highly-regulated environment and are subject to supervision or regulation by a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC, the FDIC and the CFPB. Regulations adopted by these agencies, which are generally intended to provide protection for depositors and customers rather than for the benefit of shareholders, govern a comprehensive range of matters relating to ownership and control of our shares, our acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels and other aspects of our operations. The bank regulatory agencies possess broad authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. 
 We are subject to heightened regulatory requirements as our total assets exceed 10 billion. 
 Our total assets were approximately 12.97 billion as of December 31, 2022. The Dodd-Frank Act and its associated regulations impose various additional requirements on banks and bank holding companies with 10 billion or more in total assets, including a more frequent and enhanced regulatory examination regime. In addition, banks with 10 billion or more in total assets (including our bank) are primarily examined by the CFPB with respect to various federal consumer financial protection laws and regulations, with the Federal Reserve maintaining supervision over some consumer related regulations. In light of evolving priorities among government and agency leaders, there is some uncertainty as to how the CFPB examination and regulatory authorities might impact our business in the near and medium terms. 
 Debit card interchange fee restrictions set forth in the Dodd-Frank Act, which is known as the Durbin Amendment, as implemented by regulations of the Federal Reserve, cap the maximum debit interchange fee that a debit card issuer with 10 billion or more in total assets may receive per transaction at the sum of 0.21 plus five basis points of the transaction. A debit card issuer that adopts certain fraud prevention procedures may charge an additional 0.01 per transaction. In July 2022, the Company became subject to the Durbin Amendment which has reduced our interchange income in 2022 and going forward. 
 Federal income tax reform could have unforeseen effects on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The recent changes in the political makeup of the Senate and House of Representatives in the U.S. Congress could result also in the reversal of some or all of the effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 Our FDIC deposit insurance assessments could increase substantially resulting in higher operating costs. 
 We have historically paid the lowest premium rate available due to our sound financial position. In 2019 and 2020, we received certain credits that further reduced the Company's FDIC insurance premium expense. Should the number of bank failures increase or the FDIC insurance fund become depleted in others ways, FDIC premiums could increase or additional special assessments could be imposed. In addition, we are no longer eligible to utilize credits to reduce our FDIC insurance premiums as a result of our exceeding 10 billion in assets. These increased premiums would have an adverse effect on our net income and results of operations. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Acquisition Activities 
 To continue our growth, we are affected by our ability to identify and acquire other financial institutions. 
 We intend to continue our current growth strategy, including opening new branches and acquiring other banks. The market for acquisitions remains highly competitive, and we may be unable to find satisfactory acquisition candidates in the future that fit our acquisition and growth strategy. To the extent that we are unable to find suitable acquisition candidates, an important component of our growth strategy may be lost. Additionally, our completed acquisitions, or any future acquisitions, may not produce the revenue, earnings or synergies that we anticipated. 
 We may not be able to complete future acquisitions, may not be successful in realizing the benefits of any acquisitions that are completed, or may choose not to pursue acquisition opportunities we might find beneficial. 
 A substantial part of our historical growth has been a result of acquisitions of other financial institutions, and we may, from time to time, evaluate and engage in the acquisition of other financial institutions. We must generally satisfy a number of conditions prior to completing any such transaction, including certain bank regulatory approvals. Bank regulators consider a number of factors with regard to all institutions involved in the transaction when determining whether to approve a proposed transaction, including, among others, condition of the Company, its ratings and compliance history, anti-money laundering and BSA compliance history, CRA evaluation results, fair lending history and the effect of the proposed transaction on the financial stability of the institutions involved and the market as a whole. 
 The process for obtaining required regulatory approvals has become substantially more difficult, time-consuming and unpredictable. We may fail to pursue, evaluate or complete strategic and competitively significant business opportunities as a result of our inability, or our perceived inability, to obtain required regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all. 
 Assuming we are able to successfully complete one or more transactions, we may not be able to successfully integrate and realize the expected synergies from any completed transaction in a timely manner or at all. In particular, we may be charged by federal and state regulators with regulatory and compliance failures at an acquired business prior to the date of the acquisition, and these failures by the acquired company may have negative consequences for us, including the imposition of formal or informal enforcement actions. Completion and integration of any transaction may also divert management s attention from other matters, result in additional costs and expenses, or adversely affect our relationships with our customers and employees, any of which may adversely affect our business or results of operations. As a result, our financial condition may be affected, and we may become more susceptible to general economic conditions and competitive pressures. 
 Use of our common stock for future acquisitions or to raise capital may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 When we determine that appropriate strategic opportunities exist, we may acquire other financial institutions and related businesses, subject to applicable regulatory requirements. We may use our common stock for such acquisitions. We may also seek to raise capital through selling additional common stock, although we have not historically done so. It is possible that the issuance of additional common stock in such acquisition or capital transactions may be dilutive to the interests of our existing shareholders. 
 Risks Associated with our Common Stock 
 The trading volume in our common stock is less than other larger financial institutions. 
 Although the Company s common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other, larger financial services companies although such volume has increased in recent years. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of the Company s common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which the Company has no control. Given the lower trading volume of the Company s common stock, significant sales of the Company s common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause the Company s stock price to fall. 
 Our stock ownership has shifted to larger institutional shareholders . 
 Our ownership base has shifted over the past several years resulting in institutional investors and indexed funds holding approximately 56 of our shares as compared to shareholders located in our footprint and other retail individual investors. These institutional shareholders could decide to sell their holdings in our common stock and as such could result in lower market prices of our stock. 
 Certain banking laws may have an anti-takeover effect. 
 Provisions of federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. These provisions effectively inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may not continue to pay dividends on our common stock in the future. 
 Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividends in the future. This could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Also, we are a bank holding company, and our ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board regarding capital adequacy and dividends. 
 The Company s stock price can be volatile. 
 Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for our shareholders to resell their common stock when they want and at prices they find attractive. The Company s stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; 

recommendations by securities analysts; 

operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company; 

new reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry or Texas economy, including oil and gas and cattle prices; 

perceptions in the marketplace regarding the Company and/or its competitors; 

new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 

governmental investigations of the Company or administrative actions imposed by bank regulatory agencies; 

significant acquisitions or business combinations involving the Company or its competitors; and 

changes in government regulations, including tax laws. 

General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends could also cause the Company s stock price to decrease regardless of operational results. 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund, or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Report. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If we are unable to continue our historical levels of growth, we may not be able to maintain our historical earnings trends. 
 To achieve our past levels of growth, we have focused on both internal growth and acquisitions. We may not be able to sustain our historical rate of growth or may not be able to grow at all. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain the financing necessary to fund additional growth and may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates. Various factors, such as economic conditions, competition and heightened regulatory scrutiny, may impede or prohibit the opening of new banking centers and the completion of acquisitions. Further, we may be unable to attract and retain experienced bankers, which could adversely affect our internal growth. If we are not able to continue our historical levels of growth, we may not be able to maintain our historical earnings trends. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

IT EM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our principal office is located in the First Financial Bank Building at 400 Pine Street in downtown Abilene, Texas. We lease two spaces in buildings owned by First Financial Bank, N.A. totaling approximately 10,155 square feet. As of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries collectively own 74 banking, trust and mortgage facilities, some of which are detached drive-ins, and also lease 15 banking facilities and 15 ATM locations. Our management considers all our existing locations to be well-suited for conducting the business of banking. We are in the process of constructing two new branch locations in our existing markets to replace existing facilities in Huntsville and Bryan, Texas. 

IT EM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we and our subsidiaries are parties to lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our banking business. However, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we, our subsidiaries or our other direct and indirect subsidiaries, or any of their properties, are currently subject. Other than regular, routine examinations by state and federal banking authorities, there are no proceedings pending or known to be contemplated by any governmental authorities. 

IT EM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 

IT EM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 
 Our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol FFIN . 
 Record Holders 
 As of February 1, 2023, we had 905 registered shareholders of record with our stock transfer agent. 
 Dividends 
 See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Quarterly Results of Operations for the frequency and amount of cash dividends paid by us. Also, see Item 1 Business Supervision and Regulation Payment of Dividends and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital and Liquidity Dividends for restrictions on our present or future ability to pay dividends, particularly those restrictions arising under federal and state banking laws. 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following performance graph compares cumulative total shareholder returns for our common stock, the Russell 3000 Index, and the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index, which is a banking index prepared by S P Global Market Intelligence and is comprised of all U.S. domiciled banks, for a five-year period (December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022). The performance graph assumes 100 invested in our common stock at its closing price on December 31, 2017, and in each of the Russell 3000 Index and the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index on the same date. The performance graph also assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. The dates on the performance graph represent the last trading day of each year indicated. The amounts noted on the performance graph have been adjusted to give effect to all stock splits and stock dividends. 
 First Financial Bankshares, Inc 

Period Ending 

Index 
 
 12/31/17 

12/31/18 

12/31/19 

12/31/20 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 

100.00 

129.95 

160.46 

168.29 

239.36 

164.65 

Russell 3000 Index 

100.00 

94.76 

124.15 

150.08 

188.60 

152.37 

S P U.S. BMI Banks Index 

100.00 

83.54 

114.74 

100.10 

136.10 

112.89 

Source: S P Global Market Intelligence 
 2023 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those listed in Item 1A Risk Factors and in the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements notice on page 1. 
 Introduction 
 As a financial holding company, we generate most of our revenue from interest on loans and investments, trust fees, gain on sale of mortgage loans and service charges and fees on deposit accounts. Our primary source of funding for our loans and investments are deposits held by our bank subsidiary, First Financial Bank, N.A. Our largest expenses are salaries and related employee benefits. We measure our performance by calculating our return on average assets, return on average equity, regulatory capital ratios, net interest margin and efficiency ratio, which is calculated by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income on a tax equivalent basis and noninterest income. 
 The following discussion and analysis of the major elements of our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and consolidated statements of earnings for the years 2020 through 2022 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes, and selected financial data presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 We prepare consolidated financial statements based on generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and customary practices in the banking industry. These policies, in certain areas, require us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
 We deem a policy critical if (1) the accounting estimate required us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time we make the accounting estimate; and (2) different estimates that reasonably could have been used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, would have a material impact on the financial statements. 
 We deem our most critical accounting policies to be (1) our allowance for credit losses and our provision for credit losses and (2) our valuation of financial instruments. We have other significant accounting policies and continue to evaluate the materiality of their impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we believe these other policies either do not generally require us to make estimates and judgments that are difficult or subjective, or it is less likely they would have a material impact on our reported results for a given period. A discussion of (1) our allowance for credit losses and our provision for credit losses and (2) our valuation of financial instruments is included in Notes 1 and 10, respectively, to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Acquisitions 
 On September 19, 2019, we entered into an agreement and plan of reorganization to acquire TB T Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, The Bank Trust of Bryan/College Station, Texas. On January 1, 2020, the transaction was completed. Pursuant to the agreement, we issued 6.28 million shares of the Company s common shares in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of TB T Bancshares, Inc. In addition, in accordance with the plan of reorganization, TB T Bancshares, Inc. paid a special dividend totaling 1.92 million to its shareholders prior to the closing of this transaction. At the closing, Brazos Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, merged into TB T Bancshares Inc., with TB T Bancshares, Inc. surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Immediately following such merger, TB T Bancshares, Inc. was merged into the Company and The Bank Trust of Bryan/College Station, Texas was merged into First Financial Bank, N.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The total purchase price of 220.27 million exceeded the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired by approximately 141.92 million and the Company recorded such excess as goodwill. The balance sheet and results of operations of TB T Bancshares, Inc. have been included in the financial statements of the Company effective January 1, 2020. 
 Stock Repurchase 
 On July 27, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 5,000,000 common shares through July 31, 2023. The stock repurchase plan authorizes management to repurchase and retire the stock at such time as repurchases are considered beneficial to the Company and its stockholders. Any repurchase of stock will be made through the open market, block trades or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Under the repurchase plan, there is no minimum number of shares that the Company is required to repurchase. Subsequent to July 27, 2021 and through December 31, 2022, 244,559 shares were repurchased and retired at an average price of 38.61. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Implementation of New Accounting Standard for Accounting for Allowance for Credit Losses 
 On January 1, 2020, Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , became effective for the Company. Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 326 ASC 326 replaced the previous incurred loss model for measuring credit losses with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. It also applies to off-balance-sheet OBS , reserve for unfunded commitments credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other similar instruments). In addition, ASC 326 made changes to the accounting for AFS debt securities. One such change is to require credit losses to be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down on AFS debt securities management does not intend to sell or believes that it is more likely than not they will be required to sell. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed by the President of the United States that included an option for entities to delay the implementation of ASC 326 until the earlier of the termination date of the national emergency declaration by the President, or December 31, 2020. Under this option, the Company elected to delay implementation of CECL and calculated and recorded the provision for credit losses through the nine-months ended September 30, 2020 under the incurred loss model. At December 31, 2020, the Company elected to adopt ASC 326, effective as of January 1, 2020, through a transition charge to retained earnings of 589 thousand 466 thousand net of applicable income taxes), which was reflected in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year-ended December 31, 2020 . This transition adjustment was comprised of a decrease of 619 thousand in allowance for credit losses and an increase of 1.21 million in the reserve for unfunded commitments. 
 The Company completed its CECL implementation plan by forming a cross-functional working group, under the direction of our Chief Lending Officer along with our Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The working group also included individuals from various functional areas including credit, risk management, accounting and information technology, among others. The implementation plan included assessment and documentation of processes, internal controls and data sources, model development, documentation and validation, and system configuration, among other things. The Company contracted with a third-party vendor to assist in the implementation of CECL. 
 Other Recently Issued and Effective Authoritative Accounting Guidance 
 ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. ASU 2019-12, simplifies the accounting for income taxes by eliminating certain exceptions related to the approach for intra-period tax aspects of the accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill. ASU 2019-12 was effective for the Company for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within. Adoption of ASU 2019-12 did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures. 
 ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for accounting related to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. ASU 2020-04 applies only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform and do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. ASU2020-04 was effective upon issuance and generally can be applied through December 31, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope. ASU 2021-01 clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in ASC 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. ASU 2021-01 also amends the expedients and exceptions in ASC 848 to capture the incremental consequences of the scope clarification and to tailor the existing guidance to derivative instruments affected by the discounting transition. ASU 2021-01 was effective upon issuance and generally can be applied through December 31, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2021-01 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022-02 eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings in ASC Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancing and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. ASU 2022-02 will also require that an entity disclosure current-period gross charge-offs by year of origination for financial receivables and net investment leases within scope of ASC Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measured at Amortized Cost. ASU 2022-02 will become effected for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, though early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2022-02 is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 The selected financial data presented below as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. The data set forth below may not be fully comparable from period to period due to acquisitions in 2020 and 2018 and changes in accounting, including the allowance for credit losses in 2020 (see Notes 1, 3 and 19 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information). The results of operations presented below are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that may be achieved in the future. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Summary Income Statement Information: 

Interest income 

432,854 

376,405 

364,128 

319,192 

291,690 

Interest expense 

31,440 

6,042 

14,243 

30,102 

18,930 

Net interest income 

401,414 

370,363 

349,885 

289,090 

272,760 

Provision for credit losses 

17,427 

(1,139) 

19,517 

2,965 

5,665 

Noninterest income 

131,665 

142,176 

139,935 

108,428 

101,764 

Noninterest expense 

234,778 

241,708 

227,938 

196,521 

190,684 

Earnings before income taxes 

280,874 

271,970 

242,365 

198,032 

178,175 

Income tax expense 

46,399 

44,408 

40,331 

33,220 

27,537 

Net earnings 

234,475 

227,562 

202,034 

164,812 

150,638 

Per Share Data: 

Earnings per share, basic 

1.64 

1.60 

1.42 

1.22 

1.11 

Earnings per share, diluted 

1.64 

1.59 

1.42 

1.21 

1.11 

Cash dividends declared 

0.66 

0.58 

0.51 

0.47 

0.41 

Book value at period-end 

8.87 

12.34 

11.80 

9.03 

7.77 

Earnings performance ratios: 

Return on average assets 

1.76 

1.89 

1.98 

2.08 

1.98 

Return on average equity 

16.72 

13.31 

12.93 

14.37 

15.37 

Dividend payout ratio 

40.18 

36.30 

35.88 

38.31 

36.84 

Summary Balance Sheet Data (Period-end): 

Securities 

5,474,359 

6,573,179 

4,393,029 

3,413,317 

3,158,777 

Loans, held-for-investment 

6,441,868 

5,388,972 

5,171,033 

4,194,969 

3,953,636 

Total assets 

12,974,066 

13,102,461 

10,904,500 

8,262,227 

7,731,854 

Deposits 

11,005,507 

10,566,488 

8,675,817 

6,603,806 

6,180,389 

Total liabilities 

11,708,329 

11,343,237 

9,226,310 

7,035,030 

6,678,559 

Total shareholders equity 

1,265,737 

1,759,224 

1,678,190 

1,227,197 

1,053,295 

Asset quality ratios: 

Allowance for credit losses/period-end loans held-for-investment 

1.18 

1.18 

1.29 

1.25 

1.30 

Nonperforming assets/period-end loans held- for-investment plus foreclosed assets 

0.38 

0.63 

0.83 

0.61 

0.75 

Net charge offs (recoveries)/average loans 

(0.01) 

0.02 

0.06 

0.04 

0.07 

Capital ratios: 

Average shareholders equity/average assets 

10.55 

14.20 

15.32 

14.44 

12.89 

Leverage ratio (1) 

10.96 

11.13 

11.86 

12.60 

11.85 

Tier 1 risk-based capital (2) 

18.22 

19.35 

20.79 

20.06 

19.47 

Common equity tier 1 capital (3) 

18.22 

19.35 

20.79 

20.06 

19.47 

Total risk-based capital (4) 

19.29 

20.34 

22.03 

21.13 

20.61 

(1) Calculated by dividing at period-end, shareholders equity (before accumulated other comprehensive earnings/loss) less intangible assets by fourth quarter average assets less intangible assets. 

(2) Calculated by dividing at period-end, shareholders equity (before accumulated other comprehensive earnings/loss) less intangible assets by risk-adjusted assets. 

(3) Calculated by dividing at period-end, shareholders equity (before accumulated other comprehensive earnings/loss) less intangible assets by risk-adjusted assets. 

(4) Calculated by dividing at period-end, shareholders equity (before accumulated other comprehensive earnings/loss) less intangible assets plus allowance for loan losses to the extent allowed under regulatory guidelines by risk-adjusted assets. 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Performance Summary . Net earnings for 2022 were 234.48 million, an increase of 6.91 million, or 3.04 , over net earnings for 2021 of 227.56 million. Net earnings for 2020 were 202.03 million. The increase in net earnings for 2022 over 2021 was primarily attributable to the overall growth in net interest income from the growth in earning assets. Net earnings in 2022 also include a provision for credit losses of 17.43 million compared to a net reversal of provision for credit losses of 1.14 million in 2021 and a provision for credit losses of 19.52 million in 2020. The increased provision for credit losses in 2022 over 2021 was driven by strong organic loan growth, increases in unfunded commitments and a slight decline in the projected economic forecast metrics post pandemic highs. The net reversal of the Company's provision for credit losses in 2021 when compared to 2020 reflected the continued improvement in the economic outlook for our markets across Texas and overall improvements in asset quality offset by loan growth. 
 On a diluted net earnings per share basis, net earnings were 1.64 for 2022, as compared to 1.59 for 2021 and 1.42 for 2020. The return on average assets was 1.76 for 2022, as compared to 1.89 for 2021 and 1.98 for 2020. The return on average equity was 16.72 for 2022, as compared to 13.31 for 2021 and to 12.93 for 2020. 
 Net Interest Income . Net interest income is the difference between interest income on earning assets and interest expense on liabilities incurred to fund those assets. Our earning assets consist primarily of loans and investment securities. Our liabilities to fund those assets consist primarily of noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits. 
 Tax-equivalent net interest income was 410.49 million in 2022, as compared to 385.05 million in 2021, and 361.15 million in 2020. Average earning assets were 12.46 billion in 2022, as compared to 11.34 billion in 2021 and 9.52 billion in 2020. The increase in tax-equivalent net interest income in 2022 compared to 2021 was largely attributable to increases in interest earning assets. The increase of 1.13 billion in average earning assets in 2022 when compared to 2021 was primarily a result of an increase in taxable securities of 1.13 billion and loans of 582.26 million offset by a decrease in short-term investments of 372.77 million and tax-exempt securities of 216.64 million when compared to 2021. The increase in tax-equivalent net interest income in 2021 compared to 2020 was also largely attributable to increases in interest earning assets. The increase of 1.82 billion in average earning assets in 2021 when compared to 2020 was primarily a result of increases in taxable securities of 665.29 million, tax-exempt securities of 620.51 million and short-term investments of 341.41 million when compared to 2020. Average interest-bearing liabilities were 7.76 billion in 2022, as compared to 6.78 billion in 2021 and 5.76 billion in 2020. The yield on earning assets increased ten basis points in 2022 when compared to 2021 while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased thirty-two basis points. The yield on earning assets decreased forty-nine basis points in 2021 when compared to 2020 while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities decreased sixteen basis points. Additionally, interest income on loans included PPP related loan origination fees and interest income of 1.85 million, 26.75 million and 16.22 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The table below allocates the change in tax-equivalent net interest income between the amount of change attributable to volume and to rate. 
 Changes in Interest Income and Interest Expense (in thousands): 

2022 Compared to 2021 

2021 Compared to 2020 

Change Attributable to 

Total 

Change Attributable to 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Short-term investments 

(458) 

3,415 

2,957 

1,286 

(1,500) 

(214) 

Taxable investment securities 

18,527 

13,007 

31,534 

15,326 

(19,392) 

(4,066) 

Tax-exempt investment securities (1) 

(6,080) 

(2,287) 

(8,367) 

19,249 

(7,399) 

11,850 

Loans (1) (2) 

29,729 

(5,023) 

24,706 

9,696 

(1,558) 

8,138 

Interest income 

41,718 

9,112 

50,830 

45,557 

(29,849) 

15,708 

Interest-bearing deposits 

670 

19,872 

20,542 

2,589 

(10,004) 

(7,415) 

Short-term borrowings 

149 

4,708 

4,857 

(10) 

(776) 

(786) 

Interest expense 

819 

24,580 

25,399 

2,579 

(10,780) 

(8,201) 

Net interest income 

40,899 

(15,468) 

25,431 

42,978 

(19,069) 

23,909 

(1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis assuming a marginal tax rate of 21 . 

(2) Includes nonaccrual loans. 

The net interest margin for 2022 was 3.29 which was a decrease of eleven basis points from 2021. The net interest margin in 2021 was 3.40 , a decrease of thirty-nine basis points from 2020. We continued to experience downward pressures on our net interest margin into the early part of 2022 primarily due to (i) the extended period of historically low levels of short-term interest rates and (ii) the shift in the mix of interest-earning assets. However, the Federal Reserve Board began increasing interest rates by raising rates 25 basis points in March 2022, 50 basis points in May 2022, 75 basis points in June, July, September and November 2022, respectively, and 50 basis points in December 2022, resulting in a target range of 4.25 to 4.50 at December 31, 2022. Most recently, on February 1, 2023, the Federal Reserve Board increased rates another 25 basis points resulting in a current target rate of 4.50 to 4.75 . 
 Loan rates on variable loans have increased as the majority of such loans are indexed to the applicable prime rate (7.50 at December 31, 2022), subject to underlying floors. With the latest increase in the federal funds rate, the majority of variable rate loans have increased (see additional discussion beginning on page 43). 
 During 2022, we increased rates on each of the primary depository products in response to the increasing federal funds rate and expect those rates will continue to move upward in the foreseeable future. Additionally, we have approximately 1.0 billion of municipal and related deposits which are indexed to short-term treasury rates which have continued to increase with the changes in the applicable rate index. Average municipal and related deposits totaled 1.48 billion and 1.38 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an average rate paid of 1.01 and 0.14 , for the respective years then ended. 
 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The net interest margin, which measures tax-equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average earning assets, is illustrated in the table below for the years 2020 through 2022. 
 Average Balances and Average Yields and Rates (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average Balance 

Income/ Expense 

Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

Income/ Expense 

Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

Income/ Expense 

Yield/ Rate 

Assets 

Short-term investments (1) 

219,721 

3,696 

1.68 

592,494 

739 

0.12 

251,086 

953 

0.38 

Taxable investment securities (2) 

4,032,228 

78,924 

1.96 

2,898,924 

47,390 

1.63 

2,233,634 

51,456 

2.30 

Tax-exempt investment securities (2)(3) 

2,286,578 

61,886 

2.71 

2,503,220 

70,253 

2.81 

1,882,711 

58,403 

3.10 

Loans (3)(4) 

5,923,594 

297,420 

5.02 

5,341,332 

272,714 

5.11 

5,152,531 

264,576 

5.13 

Total earning assets 

12,462,121 

441,926 

3.55 

11,335,970 

391,096 

3.45 

9,519,962 

375,388 

3.94 

Cash and due from banks 

231,718 

209,384 

189,849 

Bank premises and equipment, net 

150,561 

145,504 

139,880 

Other assets 

195,664 

97,952 

92,612 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

316,115 

317,527 

318,818 

Allowance for credit losses 

(69,508) 

(64,082) 

(67,606) 

Total assets 

13,286,671 

12,042,255 

10,193,515 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Interest-bearing deposits 

6,955,783 

26,246 

0.38 

6,224,621 

5,704 

0.09 

5,198,554 

13,119 

0.25 

Short-term borrowings 

802,091 

5,195 

0.65 

556,610 

338 

0.06 

561,505 

1,124 

0.20 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

7,757,874 

31,441 

0.41 

6,781,231 

6,042 

0.09 

5,760,059 

14,243 

0.25 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

4,062,740 

3,449,313 

2,782,896 

Other liabilities 

63,953 

102,279 

88,550 

Total liabilities 

11,884,567 

10,332,823 

8,631,505 

Shareholders equity 

1,402,104 

1,709,432 

1,562,010 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

13,286,671 

12,042,255 

10,193,515 

Net interest income 

410,485 

385,054 

361,145 

Rate Analysis: 

Interest income/earning assets 

3.55 

3.45 

3.94 

Interest expense/earning assets 

(0.26) 

(0.05) 

(0.15) 

Net interest margin 

3.29 

3.40 

3.79 

(1) Short-term investments are comprised of federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits in banks and interest- bearing time deposits in banks. 

(2) Average balances include unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities. 

(3) Includes tax-equivalent yield adjustment of approximately 9.07 million, 14.69 million and 11.26 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, using an effective tax rate of 21 . 

(4) Includes nonaccrual loans. 

Noninterest Income . Noninterest income for 2022 was 131.67 million, a decrease of 10.51 million, or 7.39 , as compared to 2021. Changes in certain categories of noninterest income included (1) an increase in trust fees of 3.85 million, (2) an increase in service charges on deposit accounts of 3.38 million, (3) an increase in the net gain on sale of AFS securities of 1.33 million, offset by (4) a decrease in gain on sale and fees of mortgage loans of 14.21 million, and (5) a decrease in debit card fees of 5.63 million when compared to 2021. The increase in trust fees resulted from an increase in assets under management over the prior year and an increase in oil and gas production fees driven by increasing oil and gas prices. The fair value of our trust assets managed, which are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets, totaled 8.75 billion at December 31, 2022. Oil and gas production fees increased related trust fees by 2.77 million in 2022 over 2021. The increase in service charges on deposits was driven by more than 10,500 net new accounts opened in 2022 and growth in treasury management services. Mortgage income declined due to lower overall origination volumes and declining margins on loan sales as a result of the increase in interest rates. The decrease in debit card fees was due to the impact of becoming subject to regulations imposed by the Federal Reserve that limits debit card interchange revenue which became effective for the Company as of July 1, 2022, and is consistent with our previously disclosed expectations. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Noninterest income for 2021 was 142.18 million, an increase of 2.24 million, or 1.60 , as compared to 2020. Increases in certain categories of noninterest income included (1) trust fees of 6.61 million, (2) debit card fees of 5.61 million, (3) interest on loan recoveries of 3.18 million and (4) service charges on deposit accounts of 584 thousand when compared to 2020. The increase in trust fees resulted from an increase in assets under management over the prior year and an increase in oil and gas production fees driven by increasing oil and gas prices. The fair value of our trust assets managed, which are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets, totaled 8.70 billion at December 31, 2021, as compared to 7.51 billion at December 31, 2020. Oil and gas production fees increased related trust fees by 1.87 million in 2021 over 2020. The increase in debit card fees was driven by over 16,000 net new accounts opened in 2021, debit cards issued and overall customer utilization. Interest on loan recoveries increased as a result of several larger loan recoveries in 2021. The increase in service charges on deposit accounts was primarily due to the continued growth in net new accounts and growth in treasury management services. Offsetting these increases was a decrease of 10.63 million in mortgage income due to lower overall origination volumes and declining margins on loan sales. 
 Debit card fees are charges that merchants pay to us and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Debit card fees consist of income from debit card usage, point of sale income for debit card transactions and ATM service fees. 
 Federal Reserve Board rules applicable to financial institutions that have assets of 10 billion or more provide that the maximum permissible interchange fee for an electronic debit transaction is limited to the sum of 21 cents per transaction plus 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. Based on the applicable Federal Reserve Board rules, as amended, the Company became subject to the limitation effective July 1, 2022, which reduced debit card fees during the last half of 2022, as discussed above. 
 Noninterest Income (in thousands): 

2022 

Increase (Decrease) 

2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

2020 

Trust fees 

39,995 

3,850 

36,145 

6,614 

29,531 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

24,540 

3,384 

21,156 

584 

20,572 

Debit card fees 

30,280 

(5,625) 

35,905 

5,607 

30,298 

Credit card fees 

2,585 

212 

2,373 

202 

2,171 

Gain on sale and fees of mortgage loans 

19,035 

(14,210) 

33,245 

(10,627) 

43,872 

Net gain on sale of available-for-sale securities 

2,144 

1,329 

815 

(2,818) 

3,633 

Net gain on sale of foreclosed assets 

1,451 

1,261 

190 

31 

159 

Net gain on sale of assets 

520 

310 

210 

98 

112 

Interest on loan recoveries 

2,840 

(1,199) 

4,039 

3,183 

856 

Other: 

Check printing fees 

131 

(81) 

212 

(81) 

293 

Safe deposit rental fees 

835 

(32) 

867 

135 

732 

Credit life and debt protection fees 

1,019 

(74) 

1,093 

217 

876 

Brokerage commissions 

1,438 

46 

1,392 

82 

1,310 

Wire transfer fees 

1,654 

230 

1,424 

271 

1,153 

Miscellaneous income 

3,198 

88 

3,110 

(1,257) 

4,367 

Total other 

8,275 

177 

8,098 

(633) 

8,731 

Total Noninterest Income 

131,665 

(10,511) 

142,176 

2,241 

139,935 

Noninterest Expense . Total noninterest expense for 2022 amounted to 234.78 million, a decrease of 6.93 million, or 2.87 , as compared to 2021. Total noninterest expense for 2021 was 241.71 million, an increase of 13.77 million, or 6.04 , as compared to 2020. An important measure in determining whether a financial institution effectively manages noninterest expenses is the efficiency ratio, which is calculated by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis and noninterest income. Lower ratios indicate better efficiency since more income is generated with a lower noninterest expense total. Our efficiency ratio for 2022 was 43.30 , as compared to 45.84 for 2021 and 45.49 for 2020. The reduction in the Company s efficiency ratio during 2022 primarily resulted from Company's noninterest expense reduction combined with the increase in average interest-earning assets. 
 Salaries and employee benefits for 2022 totaled 134.13 million, a decrease of 7.91 million, or 5.57 , as compared to 2021. The net decrease reflected a decrease of 5.90 million in profit sharing expenses and lower mortgage compensation expenses of 4.94 million offset by annual merit-based and other market-based pay increases that were effective March 1, 2022. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 All other categories of noninterest expense for 2022 totaled 100.65 million, an increase of 979 thousand, or 0.98 , as compared to 2021. Included in noninterest expense during 2022, excluding salary and employee benefit related costs, during 2022 were decreases of 1.16 million in software amortization and expense offset by increases in FDIC insurance premiums of 851 thousand due to the increase in the average assets with tangible equity and loan related fees within other miscellaneous expense of 745 thousand due to the increase in the loan portfolio during 2022. 
 Salaries and employee benefits for 2021 totaled 142.04 million, an increase of 6.92 million, or 5.12 , as compared to 2020. The increase was primarily driven by annual merit-based pay increases that were effective March 1, 2021 and an increase in medical insurance costs. 
 All other categories of noninterest expense for 2021 totaled 99.67 million, an increase of 6.85 million, or 7.38 , as compared to 2020. Included in noninterest expense during 2021 was an increase of 1.37 million in FDIC insurance premiums due to the FDIC credits applied in 2020 as previously discussed. 
 Noninterest Expense (in thousands): 

2022 

Increase (Decrease) 

2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

2020 

Salaries, commissions and incentives (excluding mortgage) 

93,891 

1,867 

92,024 

6,791 

85,233 

Mortgage salaries and incentives 

10,690 

(4,942) 

15,632 

(495) 

16,127 

Medical 

11,185 

142 

11,043 

637 

10,406 

Profit sharing 

4,233 

(5,901) 

10,134 

(606) 

10,740 

401(k) match expense 

3,675 

85 

3,590 

216 

3,374 

Payroll taxes 

7,132 

158 

6,974 

409 

6,565 

Stock based compensation 

3,327 

682 

2,645 

(33) 

2,678 

Total salaries and employee benefits 

134,133 

(7,909) 

142,042 

6,919 

135,123 

Net occupancy expense 

13,307 

298 

13,009 

621 

12,388 

Equipment expense 

9,052 

(121) 

9,173 

777 

8,396 

FDIC assessment fees 

3,711 

581 

3,130 

1,372 

1,758 

Debit card expense 

12,231 

274 

11,957 

742 

11,215 

Professional and service fees 

8,770 

(564) 

9,334 

(12) 

9,346 

Printing, stationery and supplies 

2,114 

204 

1,910 

(253) 

2,163 

Operational and other losses 

3,229 

(64) 

3,293 

831 

2,462 

Software amortization and expense 

9,963 

(1,157) 

11,120 

2,258 

8,862 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1,245 

(368) 

1,613 

(377) 

1,990 

Other: 

Data processing fees 

1,767 

(15) 

1,782 

163 

1,619 

Postage 

1,334 

(205) 

1,539 

93 

1,446 

Advertising 

2,827 

(198) 

3,025 

1,073 

1,952 

Correspondent bank service charges 

1,021 

20 

1,001 

93 

908 

Telephone 

3,067 

(560) 

3,627 

(192) 

3,819 

Public relations and business development 

3,555 

212 

3,343 

693 

2,650 

Directors fees 

2,536 

162 

2,374 

11 

2,363 

Audit and accounting fees 

1,800 

41 

1,759 

(473) 

2,232 

Legal fees and other related costs 

1,870 

(381) 

2,251 

975 

1,276 

Regulatory exam fees 

1,586 

163 

1,423 

318 

1,105 

Travel 

1,640 

222 

1,418 

451 

967 

Courier expense 

1,196 

248 

948 

93 

855 

Other real estate owned 

3 

(46) 

49 

(34) 

83 

Other miscellaneous expense 

12,821 

2,233 

10,588 

(2,372) 

12,960 

Total other 

37,023 

1,896 

35,127 

892 

34,235 

Total Noninterest Expense 

234,778 

(6,930) 

241,708 

13,770 

227,938 

40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Income Taxes . Income tax expense was 46.40 million for 2022, as compared to 44.41 million for 2021 and 40.33 million for 2020. Our effective tax rates on pretax income were 16.52 , 16.33 and 16.64 , respectively, for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020. The effective tax rates differ from the statutory federal tax rate of 21.0 largely due to tax exempt interest income earned on certain investment securities and loans, the deductibility of dividends paid to our employee stock ownership plan, excess tax benefits for distribution under our deferred compensation plan and vesting of equity awards, and New Market Tax Credit NMTC benefits. 
 Balance Sheet Review 
 Loans . Our portfolio is comprised of loans made to businesses, professionals, individuals, and farm and ranch operations located in the primary trade areas served by our subsidiary bank. As of December 31, 2022, total loans HFI were 6.44 billion, an increase of 1.05 billion as compared to December 31, 2021. The Company had PPP loan balances of 169 thousand, 52.79 million and 483.66 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which are included in the Company s commercial loan totals. The average balances of PPP loans were 9.84 million, 327.10 million and 479.43 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As compared to year-end 2021 balances, total commercial loans increased 123.43 million, agricultural loans decreased 21.14 million total real estate loans increased 781.48 million, and total consumer loans increased 169.14 million. Loans averaged 5.92 billion during 2022, an increase of 582.26 million over 2021 average balances. 
 In conjunction with the adoption of ASC 326, the Company expanded its four loan portfolio segments used under the legacy disclosure requirements into the following ten portfolio segments. For modeling purposes, our loan portfolio segments include Commercial and Industrial C I ), Municipal, Agricultural, Construction and Development, Farm, Non-Owner Occupied and Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate CRE ), Residential, Consumer Auto and Consumer Non-Auto. This additional segmentation allows for a more precise pooling of loans with similar credit risk characteristics and credit monitor procedures for the Company s calculation of its allowance for credit losses. 
 The table below outlines the composition of the Company s HFI loans by portfolio segment. For all periods prior to December 31, 2020, management has elected to maintain its previously disclosed loan portfolio segments. 
 Composition of Loans Held-For-Investment (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Commercial: 

C I 

917,317 

837,075 

1,131,382 

N/A 

N/A 

Municipal 

221,090 

177,905 

181,325 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Commercial 

1,138,407 

1,014,980 

1,312,707 

856,326 

844,953 

Agricultural 

76,947 

98,089 

94,864 

103,640 

96,677 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

959,426 

749,793 

553,959 

N/A 

N/A 

Farm 

306,322 

217,220 

152,237 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

732,089 

623,434 

617,686 

N/A 

N/A 

Owner Occupied CRE 

954,400 

821,653 

746,974 

N/A 

N/A 

Residential 

1,575,758 

1,334,419 

1,248,409 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Real Estate 

4,527,995 

3,746,519 

3,319,265 

2,823,372 

2,639,346 

Consumer: 

Auto 

550,635 

405,416 

353,595 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Auto 

147,884 

123,968 

90,602 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Consumer 

698,519 

529,384 

444,197 

411,631 

372,660 

Total 

6,441,868 

5,388,972 

5,171,033 

4,194,969 

3,953,636 

Loans HFS, consisting of secondary market mortgage loans, totaled 11.97 million and 37.81 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1.47 million and 3.69 million are valued at the lower of cost or fair value, and the remaining amount is valued under the fair value option. 
 The Company has certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan growth with an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on an annual basis and makes changes as appropriate with input from our Board of Directors. Management receives and reviews monthly reports related to loan originations, quality, concentrations, delinquencies, 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 nonperforming and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions, both by type of loan and geographic location. 
 Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and effectively. Underwriting standards are designed to determine whether the borrower possesses sound business ethics and practices and to evaluate current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed. Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and, secondarily, on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets, such as accounts receivable or inventory, and include personal guarantees. 
 Agricultural loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial loans. These agricultural loans are based primarily on the identified cash flows of the borrower and, secondarily, on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most agricultural loans are secured by the agriculture related assets being financed, such as farm land, cattle or equipment, and include personal guarantees. 
 Real estate loans are also subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and agricultural loans. These loans are underwritten primarily based on projected cash flows and, secondarily, as loans secured by real estate. The repayment of real estate loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loans or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing the Company s real estate portfolio are generally diverse in terms of type and geographic location within Texas. This diversity helps reduce the exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single market or industry. 
 Consumer loan underwriting utilizes methodical credit standards and analysis to supplement the Company s underwriting policies and procedures. The Company s loan policy addresses types of consumer loans that may be originated and the collateral, if secured, which must be perfected. The relatively smaller individual dollar amounts of consumer loans that are spread over numerous individual borrowers also minimize the Company s risk. 
 Maturity Distribution and Interest Sensitivity of Loans at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 The following tables summarize maturity information of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. The table also presents the portion of loans that have fixed interest rates or variable interest rates that fluctuate over the life of the loans in accordance with changes in an interest rate index. 

Total Loans Held-for-Investment 
 
 Due in One Year or Less 

After One but Within Five Years 

After Five but Within Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial: 

C I 

339,348 

461,465 

98,545 

17,959 

917,317 

Municipal 

5,055 

49,867 

123,747 

42,421 

221,090 

Total Commercial 

344,403 

511,332 

222,292 

60,380 

1,138,407 

Agricultural 

55,034 

20,055 

1,858 

76,947 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

478,356 

178,524 

181,885 

120,661 

959,426 

Farm 

18,940 

28,002 

170,610 

88,770 

306,322 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

37,729 

200,514 

356,787 

137,059 

732,089 

Owner Occupied CRE 

30,839 

232,624 

451,327 

239,610 

954,400 

Residential 

107,974 

119,555 

693,406 

654,823 

1,575,758 

Total Real Estate 

673,838 

759,219 

1,854,015 

1,240,923 

4,527,995 

Consumer: 

Auto 

5,883 

515,119 

29,633 

550,635 

Non-Auto 

27,113 

97,373 

17,482 

5,916 

147,884 

Total Consumer 

32,996 

612,492 

47,115 

5,916 

698,519 

Total 

1,106,271 

1,903,098 

2,125,280 

1,307,219 

6,441,868 

of Total Loans 

17.17 

29.54 

32.99 

20.30 

100.00 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 

Loans with fixed interest rates: 
 
 Due in One Year or Less 

After One but Within Five Years 

After Five but Within Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial: 

C I 

73,074 

285,671 

11,729 

370,474 

Municipal 

4,560 

48,581 

92,428 

7,594 

153,163 

Total Commercial 

77,634 

334,252 

104,157 

7,594 

523,637 

Agricultural 

7,893 

13,029 

465 

21,387 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

186,827 

88,971 

43,068 

2,085 

320,951 

Farm 

6,352 

19,762 

112,035 

910 

139,059 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

23,184 

144,559 

70,066 

237,809 

Owner Occupied CRE 

19,788 

151,137 

46,914 

208 

218,047 

Residential 

41,413 

98,168 

458,727 

41,332 

639,640 

Total Real Estate 

277,564 

502,597 

730,810 

44,535 

1,555,506 

Consumer: 

Auto 

5,883 

515,119 

29,633 

550,635 

Non-Auto 

22,162 

94,859 

17,075 

5,587 

139,683 

Total Consumer 

28,045 

609,978 

46,708 

5,587 

690,318 

Total 

391,136 

1,459,856 

882,140 

57,716 

2,790,848 

of Total Loans 

6.07 

22.66 

13.69 

0.90 

43.32 

Loans with variable interest rates: 
 
 Due in One Year or Less 

After One but Within Five Years 

After Five but Within Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial: 

C I 

266,274 

175,794 

86,816 

17,959 

546,843 

Municipal 

495 

1,286 

31,319 

34,827 

67,927 

Total Commercial 

266,769 

177,080 

118,135 

52,786 

614,770 

Agricultural 

47,141 

7,026 

1,393 

55,560 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

291,529 

89,553 

138,817 

118,576 

638,475 

Farm 

12,588 

8,240 

58,575 

87,860 

167,263 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

14,545 

55,955 

286,721 

137,059 

494,280 

Owner Occupied CRE 

11,051 

81,487 

404,413 

239,402 

736,353 

Residential 

66,561 

21,387 

234,679 

613,491 

936,118 

Total Real Estate 

396,274 

256,622 

1,123,205 

1,196,388 

2,972,489 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

4,951 

2,514 

407 

329 

8,201 

Total Consumer 

4,951 

2,514 

407 

329 

8,201 

Total 

715,135 

443,242 

1,243,140 

1,249,503 

3,651,020 

of Total Loans 

11.10 

6.88 

19.30 

19.40 

56.68 

Of the 3.65 billion of the variable interest rate loans shown above, loans totaling 1.39 billion mature or reprice over the next twelve months. Of this amount, approximately 1.36 billion will reprice immediately upon changes in the underlying index rate (primarily U.S. prime rate) with the remaining 32 million being subject to floors above the current index. 
 Asset Quality . Our loan portfolio is subject to periodic reviews by our centralized independent loan review group as well as periodic examinations by bank regulatory agencies. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when, in the judgment of management, the collectability of principal or interest under the original terms becomes doubtful. Nonaccrual, past due 90 days or more and still accruing, and restructured loans plus foreclosed assets were 24.33 million at December 31, 2022, as compared to 34.16 million at December 31, 2021 and 42.90 million at December 31, 2020. As a percent of loans HFI and foreclosed assets, these assets were 0.38 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.63 at December 31, 2021 and 0.83 at December 31, 2020. As a percent of total assets, these assets were 0.19 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.26 at December 31, 2021 and 0.39 at December 31, 2020. We believe the level of these assets to be manageable and are not aware of any material classified credits not properly disclosed as nonperforming at December 31, 2022. 
 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Additionally, the Company's trust revenues may be impacted by oil and gas prices which represented approximately 18 and 12 of total trust revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Nonaccrual, Past Due 90 Days or More and Still Accruing, Restructured Loans and Foreclosed Assets (in thousands, except percentages): 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Nonaccrual loans 

24,306 

31,652 

42,619 

24,582 

27,534 

Loans still accruing and past due 90 days or more 

8 

113 

153 

1,008 

Troubled debt restructured loans 

19 

21 

24 

26 

513 

Nonperforming loans 

24,325 

31,681 

42,756 

24,761 

29,055 

Foreclosed assets 

2,477 

142 

1,009 

577 

Total nonperforming assets 

24,325 

34,158 

42,898 

25,770 

29,632 

As a of loans held-for-investment and foreclosed assets 

0.38 

0.63 

0.83 

0.61 

0.75 

As a of total assets 

0.19 

0.26 

0.39 

0.31 

0.38 

Troubled debt restructured loans of 3.62 million, 6.72 million, 7.41 million, 4.79 million and 3.84 million, respectively, whose interest collection, after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts, is doubtful are included in nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 We record interest payments received on nonaccrual loans as reductions of principal. Prior to the loans being placed on nonaccrual, we recognized interest income on these loans as of December 31, 2022 of approximately 963 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022. If interest on these loans had been recognized on a full accrual basis during the year ended December 31, 2022, such income would have approximated 2.32 million. 
 Included in our loan portfolio are certain other loans not included in the table above that are deemed to be potential problem loans. Potential problem loans are those loans that are currently performing, but for which known information about trends, uncertainties or possible credit problems of the borrowers causes management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with present repayment terms, possibly resulting in the transfer of such loans to nonperforming status. These potential problem loans totaled 970 thousand as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on these assets. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses . The allowance for credit losses is the amount we determine as of a specific date to be appropriate to absorb current expected credit losses on existing loans. For a discussion of our methodology, see our accounting policies in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The provision for credit losses was 17.43 million in 2022, as compared to a reversal of provision of 1.14 million in 2021, and a provision of 19.52 million in 2020. The increase in the Company's provision for credit losses during 2022 was driven by strong organic loan growth, increases in unfunded commitments and a slight decline in the projected economic forecast metrics. The net reversal of the Company's provision for credit losses in 2021 reflected improvement in the economic outlook for our markets across Texas and overall improvements in asset quality offset by loan growth. 
 As a percent of average loans, net loan recoveries were 0.01 during 2022, and net loan charge-offs of 0.02 and 0.06 during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans HFI was 1.18 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.18 as of December 31, 2021, and 1.29 as of December 31, 2020. The allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans HFI, excluding PPP loans, was 1.18 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.19 as of December 31, 2021, and 1.42 as of December 31, 2020. Included in the following tables are further analysis of our allowance for credit losses. 
 Although we believe we use the best information available to make credit loss allowance determinations, future adjustments could be necessary if circumstances or economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making our initial determinations. A downturn in the economy or lower employment could result in increased levels of nonaccrual, past due 90 days or more and still accruing, restructured loans, foreclosed assets, charge-offs, increased provision for credit losses and reductions in income. Additionally, as an integral part of their examination process, bank regulatory agencies periodically review the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses. The banking agencies could require additions to our allowance for credit losses based on their judgment of information available to them at the time of their examinations of our bank subsidiary. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Loan Loss Experience and Allowance for Credit Losses (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Balance at January 1, 

63,465 

66,534 

52,499 

51,202 

48,156 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

(619) 

Initial allowance on acquired TB T PCD loans 

1,678 

Charge-offs: 

Commercial: 

C I 

(589) 

(1,600) 

(2,516) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Municipal 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Commercial 

(589) 

(1,600) 

(2,516) 

(1,545) 

(1,418) 

Agricultural 

(9) 

(2,683) 

(372) 

(319) 

Real estate: 

Construction Development 

(100) 

N/A 

N/A 

Farm 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

(6) 

(563) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Owner Occupied CRE 

(537) 

(231) 

(567) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Residential real estate 

(186) 

(93) 

(373) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Total real estate 

(823) 

(330) 

(1,503) 

(1,335) 

(1,479) 

Consumer: 

Auto 

(596) 

(610) 

(548) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Non-Auto 

(435) 

(285) 

(375) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Total Consumer 

(1,031) 

(895) 

(923) 

(927) 

(1,550) 

Total charge-offs 

(2,452) 

(5,508) 

(5,314) 

(4,126) 

(4,447) 

Recoveries: 

Commercial: 

C I 

953 

2,150 

1,315 

N/A 

N/A 

Municipal 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Commercial 

953 

2,150 

1,315 

1,364 

839 

Agricultural 

155 

36 

31 

158 

15 

Real estate: 

Construction Development 

1 

N/A 

N/A 

Farm 

110 

157 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

852 

702 

131 

N/A 

N/A 

Owner Occupied CRE 

699 

821 

17 

N/A 

N/A 

Residential real estate 

114 

96 

151 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Real Estate 

1,665 

1,730 

456 

404 

462 

Consumer: 

Auto 

293 

401 

269 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Auto 

215 

211 

171 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Consumer 

508 

612 

440 

532 

512 

Total recoveries 

3,281 

4,528 

2,242 

2,458 

1,828 

Net recoveries (charge-offs) 

829 

(980) 

(3,072) 

(1,668) 

(2,619) 

Provision for credit losses (excluding provision for unfunded commitment) 

11,540 

(2,089) 

16,048 

2,965 

5,665 

Balance at December 31, 

75,834 

63,465 

66,534 

52,499 

51,202 

Loans, held-for-investment at year-end 

6,441,868 

5,388,972 

5,171,033 

4,194,969 

3,953,636 

Average loans 

5,923,594 

5,341,332 

5,152,531 

4,074,667 

3,828,040 

Net (recoveries) charge-offs/average loans 

(0.01) 

0.02 

0.06 

0.04 

0.07 

Allowance for credit losses/year-end loans held-for-investment 

1.18 

1.18 

1.29 

1.25 

1.30 

Allowance for credit losses/nonaccrual, past due 90 days still accruing and restructured loans 

311.75 

200.33 

155.61 

212.02 

176.22 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses (in thousands): 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Allocation Amount 

Allocation Amount 

Allocation Amount 

Allocation Amount 

Allocation Amount 

Commercial: 

C I 

16,129 

12,280 

13,609 

N/A 

N/A 

Municipal 

1,026 

348 

1,552 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Commercial 

17,155 

12,628 

15,161 

12,122 

11,948 

Agricultural 

1,041 

1,597 

1,255 

1,206 

1,446 

Real estate: 

Construction Development 

26,443 

17,627 

13,512 

N/A 

N/A 

Farm 

1,957 

663 

1,876 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

9,075 

10,722 

8,391 

N/A 

N/A 

Owner Occupied CRE 

9,928 

10,828 

12,347 

N/A 

N/A 

Residential real estate 

9,075 

8,133 

12,601 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Real Estate 

56,478 

47,973 

48,727 

33,974 

32,342 

Consumer: 

Auto 

845 

896 

1,020 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Auto 

315 

371 

371 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Consumer 

1,160 

1,267 

1,391 

5,197 

5,466 

Total 

75,834 

63,465 

66,534 

52,499 

51,202 

Percent of Loans in Each Category of Total Loans: 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Commercial: 

C I 

14.24 

15.53 

21.88 

N/A 

N/A 

Municipal 

3.43 

3.30 

3.51 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Commercial 

17.67 

18.83 

25.39 

20.41 

21.37 

Agricultural 

1.19 

1.83 

1.83 

2.47 

2.45 

Real estate: 

Construction Development 

14.89 

13.91 

10.71 

N/A 

N/A 

Farm 

4.76 

4.03 

2.94 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

11.36 

11.57 

11.95 

N/A 

N/A 

Owner Occupied CRE 

14.82 

15.25 

14.45 

N/A 

N/A 

Residential real estate 

24.46 

24.76 

24.14 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Real Estate 

70.29 

69.52 

64.19 

67.31 

66.75 

Consumer: 

Auto 

8.55 

7.52 

6.84 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-Auto 

2.30 

2.30 

1.75 

N/A 

N/A 

Total Consumer 

10.85 

9.82 

8.59 

9.81 

9.43 

Total 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

Interest-Bearing Demand Deposits in Banks. The Company had interest-bearing demand deposits in banks of 37.39 million at December 31, 2022 and 323.54 million at December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, our interest-bearing deposits in banks included 36.58 million maintained at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and 817 thousand on deposit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas (FHLB). The average balance of interest-bearing deposits in banks was 217.53 million, 590.84 million and 249.70 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The average yield on interest-bearing deposits in banks was 1.67 , 0.12 and 0.38 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Available-for-Sale Securities . At December 31, 2022, securities with a fair value of 5.47 billion were classified as securities AFS. There were no securities classified as held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As compared to December 31, 2021, the AFS portfolio at December 31, 2022, reflected (1) an increase of 355.71 million in U.S. Treasury securities; (2) a decrease of 854.86 million in obligations of states and political subdivisions; (3) an increase of 33.47 million in corporate bonds and other securities; and (4) a decrease of 633.13 million in mortgage-backed securities. As compared to December 31, 2020, the AFS portfolio at December 31, 2021, reflected (1) an increase of 126.84 million in U.S. Treasury securities; (2) an increase of 326.60 million in obligations of states and political subdivisions; (3) an increase of 63.74 million in corporate bonds and other securities; and (4) an increase of 1.66 billion in mortgage-backed securities. Securities-AFS included an unrealized loss fair value adjustment of 677.99 million at December 31, 2022 and unrealized gain fair value adjustments of 125.67 million and 215.85 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our mortgage related securities are backed by GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC or are collateralized by securities backed by these agencies. 
 See the below table and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures relating to the maturities and fair values of the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Maturities and Yields of Available-for-Sale Held at December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except percentages): 

Maturing 

One Year or Less 

After One Year Through Five Years 

After Five Years Through Ten Years 

After Ten Years 

Total 

Available-for-Sale: 
 
 Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

U.S. Treasury securities 

9,756 

2.51 

472,793 

1.88 

482,549 

1.90 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

88,541 

4.48 

263,497 

3.38 

895,448 

2.57 

651,125 

2.73 

1,898,611 

2.82 

Corporate bonds and other securities 

3,914 

1.95 

65,996 

2.92 

31,854 

1.71 

101,764 

2.50 

Mortgage-backed securities 

104,958 

2.24 

829,772 

2.30 

1,449,224 

1.80 

607,481 

2.25 

2,991,435 

2.04 

Total 

207,169 

3.20 

1,632,058 

2.38 

2,376,526 

2.09 

1,258,606 

2.50 

5,474,359 

2.31 

All yields are computed on a tax-equivalent basis assuming a marginal tax rate of 21 . Yields on AFS securities are based on amortized cost. Maturities of mortgage-backed securities are based on contractual maturities and could differ due to prepayments of underlying mortgages. Maturities of other securities are reported at the earlier of maturity date or call date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the investment portfolio had an overall tax equivalent yield of 2.31 , a weighted average life of 7.76 years and modified duration of 6.33 years. At December 31, 2021, the investment portfolio had an overall tax equivalent yield of 2.24 , a weighted average life of 5.45 years and modified duration of 4.84 years. 
 Deposits . Deposits held by our subsidiary bank represent our primary source of funding. Total deposits were 11.01 billion as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 10.57 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 8.68 billion as of December 31, 2020. The table below provides a breakdown of average deposits and rates paid over the past three years and the remaining maturity of time deposits of 250,000 or more: 
 Composition of Average Deposits and Remaining Maturity of Time Deposits of 250,000 or More (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average Balance 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Average Rate 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

4,063,740 

3,449,313 

2,782,896 

Interest-bearing deposits 

Interest-bearing checking 

3,623,301 

0.42 

3,068,952 

0.07 

2,513,627 

0.21 

Savings and money market accounts 

2,893,012 

0.32 

2,682,266 

0.07 

2,214,569 

0.20 

Time deposits under 250,000 

303,531 

0.34 

318,886 

0.28 

335,740 

0.55 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

135,939 

0.47 

154,517 

0.47 

134,618 

1.04 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

6,955,783 

0.38 

6,224,621 

0.09 

5,198,554 

0.25 

Total average deposits 

11,019,523 

9,673,934 

7,981,450 

Total cost of deposits 

0.24 

0.06 

0.16 

47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The table below outlines the maturity of time deposits of 250,000 or more (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 2022 

Three months or less 

56,958 

Over three through six months 

19,940 

Over six through twelve months 

106,678 

Over twelve months 

10,960 

Total time deposits of 250,000 or more 

194,536 

The estimated amount of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits including related interest accrued and unpaid is approximately 4.15 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 Borrowings. Included in borrowings were federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, advances from the FHLB and other borrowings of 642.51 million, 671.15 million and 430.09 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Securities sold under repurchase agreements are generally with significant customers of the Company that require short-term liquidity for their funds for which we pledge certain securities that have a fair value equal to at least the amount of the short-term borrowing. The average balances of federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and advances from the FHLB were 802.09 million, 556.61 million, and 561.51 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The average rates paid on federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and advances from the FHLB were 0.65 , 0.06 and 0.20 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and advances from the FHLB was 3.89 , 0.06 and 0.08 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The highest amount of federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and advances from the FHLB at any month-end during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 1.04 billion, 674.88 million and 925.42 million, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk results when the maturity or repricing intervals of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are different. Our exposure to interest rate risk is managed primarily through our strategy of selecting the types and terms of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that generate favorable earnings while limiting the potential negative effects of changes in market interest rates. We use no off-balance-sheet financial instruments to manage interest rate risk. 
 Our subsidiary bank has an asset liability management committee that monitors interest rate risk and compliance with investment policies. The subsidiary bank utilizes an earnings simulation model as the primary quantitative tool in measuring the amount of interest rate risk associated with changing market rates. The model quantifies the effects of various interest rate scenarios on projected net interest income and net income over the next twelve months. The model measures the impact on net interest income relative to a base case scenario of hypothetical fluctuations in interest rates over the next twelve months. These simulations incorporate assumptions regarding balance sheet growth and mix, pricing and the re-pricing and maturity characteristics of the existing and projected balance sheet. 
 The following analysis depicts the estimated impact on net interest income of immediate changes in interest rates at the specified levels for the periods presented. 

Percentage change in net interest income: 

Change in interest rates: 
 
 December 31, 

(in basis points) 
 
 2022 

2021 

+400 

5.13 

10.56 

+300 

3.86 

8.52 

+200 

3.13 

6.13 

+100 

2.09 

3.42 

-100 

(2.66) 

(5.64) 

-200 

(5.47) 

(9.06) 

-300 

(8.54) 

(11.11) 

-400 

(10.31) 

(11.20) 

The results for the net interest income simulations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 resulted in an asset sensitive position. These are good faith estimates and assume that the composition of our interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at each year-end will remain constant over the relevant twelve-month measurement period and that changes in market interest rates are instantaneous and sustained across the yield curve regardless of duration of pricing characteristics on specific assets or liabilities. Also, this analysis does not contemplate any actions 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 that we might undertake in response to changes in market interest rates. We believe these estimates are not necessarily indicative of what actually could occur in the event of immediate interest rate increases or decreases of this magnitude. As interest-bearing assets and liabilities reprice in different time frames and proportions to market interest rate movements, various assumptions must be made based on historical relationships of these variables in reaching any conclusion. Since these correlations are based on competitive and market conditions, we anticipate that our future results will likely be different from the foregoing estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 Should we be unable to maintain a reasonable balance of maturities and repricing of our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing liabilities, we could be required to dispose of our assets in an unfavorable manner or pay a higher than market rate to fund our activities. Our asset liability committee oversees and monitors this risk. 
 Capital and Liquidity 
 Capital. We evaluate capital resources by our ability to maintain adequate regulatory capital ratios to do business in the banking industry. Issues related to capital resources arise primarily when we are growing at an accelerated rate but not retaining a significant amount of our profits or when we experience significant asset quality deterioration. 
 Total shareholders equity was 1.27 billion, or 9.76 of total assets at December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.76 billion, or 13.43 of total assets at December 31, 2021. Included in shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 were 535.23 million in unrealized losses on investment securities AFS, net of related income taxes. Included in shareholders' equity at December 31, 2021 were 99.25 million in unrealized gains on investment securities AFS, net of related income taxes. Unrealized gains and losses on investment securities AFS are excluded from and do not impact regulatory capital. During 2022, total shareholders equity averaged 1.40 billion, or 10.55 of average assets, as compared to 1.71 billion, or 14.20 of average assets during 2021. 
 Banking regulators measure capital adequacy by means of the risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratio under the Basel III Rules and prompt corrective action regulations. The risk-based capital rules provide for the weighting of assets and off-balance-sheet commitments and contingencies according to prescribed risk categories. Regulatory capital is then divided by risk-weighted assets to determine the risk-adjusted capital ratios. The leverage ratio is computed by dividing shareholders equity less intangible assets by quarter-to-date average assets less intangible assets. 
 Beginning in January 2015, under the Basel III Rules, the implementation of the capital conservation buffer was effective for the Company starting at the 0.625 level and increasing 0.625 each year thereafter, until it reached 2.5 on January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and requires increased capital levels for the purpose of capital distributions and other payments. Failure to meet the amount of the buffer will result in restrictions on the Company s ability to make capital distributions, including divided payments and stock repurchase, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a total risk-based capital ratio of 19.29 and 20.34 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 18.22 and 19.35 , a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted ratio of 18.22 and 19.35 and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.96 and 11.13 , respectively. The regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were calculated under Basel III Rules. 
 Our subsidiary bank made the election to continue to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from capital in connection with its March 31, 2015 quarterly financial filing and, in effect, to retain the accumulated other comprehensive income treatment under the prior capital rules. 
 Liquidity. Liquidity is our ability to meet cash demands as they arise. Such needs can develop from loan demand, deposit withdrawals or acquisition opportunities. Potential obligations resulting from the issuance of standby letters of credit and commitments to fund future borrowings to our loan customers are other factors affecting our liquidity needs. Many of these obligations and commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon; therefore the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements affecting our liquidity position. The potential need for liquidity arising from these types of financial instruments is represented by the contractual notional amount of the instrument. Asset liquidity is provided by cash and assets which are readily marketable or which will mature in the near future. Liquid assets include cash, federal funds sold, and short-term investments in time deposits in banks. Liquidity is also provided by access to funding sources, which include core depositors and correspondent banks that maintain accounts with and sell federal funds to our subsidiary bank. Other sources of funds include our ability to borrow from short-term sources, such as purchasing federal funds from correspondent banks, sales of securities under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings, which amounted to 642.51 million at December 31, 2022, and an unfunded 25.00 million revolving line of credit established with Frost Bank, a nonaffiliated bank, which matures on June 30, 2023 (see next paragraph). Our subsidiary bank also has federal funds purchased lines of credit with two non-affiliated banks totaling 130.00 million. At December 31, 2022, there were no amounts drawn on these lines of credit. Our subsidiary bank also has (i) an available line of credit with the FHLB totaling 2.34 billion at December 31, 2022, secured by portions of our loan portfolio and certain investment securities; and (ii) access to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas lending program. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any balances outstanding under this line of credit. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Company renewed its loan agreement, effective June 30, 2021, with Frost Bank. Under the loan agreement, as renewed and amended, we are permitted to draw up to 25.00 million on a revolving line of credit. See Note 8 - Line of Credit in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements regarding further information on this line of credit. 
 In addition, we anticipate that any future acquisition of financial institutions, expansion of branch locations or offering of new products could also place a demand on our cash resources. Available cash and cash equivalents at the Company, which totaled 119.26 million at December 31, 2022, investment securities which totaled 2.24 million at December 31, 2022 with maturities over 7 to 8 years, available dividends from our subsidiaries which totaled 437.16 million at December 31, 2022, utilization of available lines of credit, and future debt or equity offerings are expected to be the source of funding for these potential acquisitions or expansions. 
 The Company continuously monitors the Company's liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all of the Company's short-term and long-term cash requirements. The Company manages the Company's liquidity position to meet the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of the Company's shareholders. The Company also monitors its liquidity requirements in light of interest rate trends, changes in the economy, and the scheduled maturity and interest rate sensitivity of the investment and loan portfolios and deposits. 
 In the ordinary course of business we have entered into contractual obligations and have made other commitments to make future payments. Refer to the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements for the expected timing of such payments as of December 31, 2022. These payments related to time deposits with stated maturity dates (Note 7 - Deposits and Borrowings) and operating leases (Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies). In addition, we have construction contracts with remaining future minimum contractual obligations of approximately 1.53 million in 2023. 
 Off-Balance Sheet/Reserve for Unfunded Commitments. We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet OBS risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include unfunded lines of credit, commitments to extend credit and federal funds sold to correspondent banks and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2022, the Company s reserve for unfunded commitments totaled 12.32 million which is recorded in other liabilities. 
 Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for unfunded lines of credit, commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of these instruments. We generally use the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance-sheet instruments. 
 Unfunded lines of credit and commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, as we deem necessary upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant, and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments we issue to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The average collateral value held on letters of credit usually exceeds the contract amount. 
 See further disclosure of the unfunded lines of credit, unfunded commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit (Note 12 - Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk). Future notional amounts committed are 1.00 million in less than one year, 445 thousand in more than one year but less than three years and 619 thousand thereafter. 
 
 We believe we have no other OBS arrangements or transactions with unconsolidated, special purpose entities that would expose us to liability that is not reflected on the face of the financial statements. 
 Parent Company Funding . Our ability to fund various operating expenses, dividends, and cash acquisitions is generally dependent on our own earnings (without giving effect to our subsidiaries), cash reserves and funds derived from our subsidiaries. These funds historically have been produced by intercompany dividends and management fees that are limited to reimbursement of actual expenses. We anticipate that our recurring cash sources will continue to include dividends and management fees from our subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, 437.16 million was available for the payment of intercompany dividends by our subsidiaries without the prior approval of regulatory agencies. Our subsidiaries paid aggregate dividends to us of 67.50 million in 2022 and 96.50 million in 2021. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Dividends . Our long-term dividend policy is to pay cash dividends to our shareholders of approximately 35 to 40 of annual net earnings while maintaining adequate capital to support growth. We are also restricted by a loan covenant within our line of credit agreement with Frost Bank to dividend no greater than 55 of net income, as defined in such loan agreement. The cash dividend payout ratios have amounted to 40.18 , 36.30 and 35.88 of net earnings, respectively, in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Given our current capital position, projected earnings and asset growth rates, we do not anticipate any significant change in our current dividend policy. 
 Our bank subsidiary, which is a national banking association and a member of the Federal Reserve System, is required by federal law to obtain the prior approval of the OCC to declare and pay dividends if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year would exceed the total of (1) such bank s net profits (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for that year plus (2) its retained net profits (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to surplus. 
 To pay dividends, we and our subsidiary bank must maintain adequate capital above regulatory guidelines. In addition, if the applicable regulatory authority believes that a bank under its jurisdiction is engaged in or is about to engage in an unsafe or unsound practice (which, depending on the financial condition of the bank, could include the payment of dividends), the authority may require, after notice and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from the unsafe practice. The Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC and the OCC have each indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the FDIC have issued policy statements that recommend that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. 

IT EM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Management considers interest rate risk to be a significant market risk for the Company. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Interest Rate Risk for disclosure regarding this market risk. 

IT EM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our consolidated financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm begin on page F-1. 
 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Quarterly Results of Operations (in thousands, except per share and common stock data): 
 The following tables set forth certain unaudited historical quarterly financial data for each of the eight consecutive quarters in the fiscal years of 2022 and 2021. This information is derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements that include, in our opinion, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation when read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

2022 

4 th 

3 rd 

2 nd 

1 st 

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Summary Income Statement Information: 

Interest income 

121,137 

112,728 

101,981 

97,009 

Interest expense 

17,100 

9,572 

3,199 

1,570 

Net interest income 

104,037 

103,156 

98,782 

95,439 

Provision for credit losses 

4,075 

3,221 

5,350 

4,782 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

99,962 

99,935 

93,432 

90,657 

Noninterest income 

28,393 

30,609 

35,669 

34,850 

Net gain on securities transactions 

131 

334 

1,648 

31 

Noninterest expense 

57,778 

59,442 

58,333 

59,225 

Earnings before income taxes 

70,708 

71,436 

72,416 

66,313 

Income tax expense 

12,040 

12,095 

11,922 

10,341 

Net earnings 

58,668 

59,341 

60,494 

55,972 

Per Share Data: 

Earnings per share, basic 

0.41 

0.42 

0.42 

0.39 

Earnings per share, diluted 

0.41 

0.41 

0.42 

0.39 

Cash dividends declared 

0.17 

0.17 

0.17 

0.15 

Book value at period-end 

8.87 

7.94 

9.32 

10.43 

Common stock sales price: 

High 

46.08 

47.26 

45.02 

53.62 

Low 

32.53 

38.72 

37.47 

44.09 

Close 

34.40 

41.83 

39.27 

44.12 

2021 

4 th 

3 rd 

2 nd 

1 st 

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Summary Income Statement Information: 

Interest income 

95,995 

97,198 

92,602 

90,610 

Interest expense 

1,187 

1,416 

1,653 

1,786 

Net interest income 

94,808 

95,782 

90,949 

88,824 

Provision for credit losses 

2,064 

(1,206) 

(1,997) 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

92,744 

95,782 

92,155 

90,821 

Noninterest income 

34,902 

37,725 

34,668 

34,066 

Net gain on securities transactions 

1 

1 

5 

808 

Noninterest expense 

61,672 

62,939 

59,374 

57,723 

Earnings before income taxes 

65,975 

70,569 

67,454 

67,972 

Income tax expense 

10,638 

11,641 

11,075 

11,054 

Net earnings 

55,337 

58,928 

56,379 

56,918 

Per Share Data: 

Earnings per share, basic 

0.39 

0.41 

0.40 

0.40 

Earnings per share, diluted 

0.39 

0.41 

0.39 

0.40 

Cash dividends declared 

0.15 

0.15 

0.15 

0.13 

Book value at period-end 

12.34 

12.17 

12.08 

11.70 

Common stock sales price: 

High 

55.00 

50.49 

52.49 

51.60 

Low 

45.75 

43.03 

45.18 

35.17 

Close 

50.84 

45.95 

49.13 

46.73 

52 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

IT EM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our management, which includes our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Subsequent to our evaluation, there were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting or other factors that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is effective based on those criteria. 
 Ernst Young LLP, Dallas, Texas, (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: ), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included below. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Fort Worth, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 

IT EM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

IT EM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

IT EM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 12 related to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The following chart gives aggregate information under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. Additional information regarding stock-based compensation plans is presented in Note 17 Stock Based Compensation in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Number of Shares To be Issued Upon Exercise or Vesting of Outstanding Awards 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Awards 

Number of Shares Remaining Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Far Left Column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

1,649,047 
 
 (1) 

29.99 
 
 (2) 

1,877,004 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

1,649,047 

29.99 

1,877,004 

(1) Includes 1,490,413 shares related to stock options, 24,813 shares related to non-vested restricted stock, 39,657 shares related to restricted stock units and 94,164 shares related to performance stock units (assuming attainment of the maximum payout rate as set forth by the performance criteria). 

(2) Excludes outstanding restricted stock and stock units which are exercised for no consideration. 

The remainder of the information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

IT EM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

IT EM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 

IT EM 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

These schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or have been included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated September 19, 2019, by and among First Financial Bankshares, Inc., Brazos Merger Sub, Inc., and TB T Bancshares, Inc. (schedules have been omitted pursuant to item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed September 20, 2019). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed July 30, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed April 3, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated July 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate of First Financial Common Stock (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3 of the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-A filed on Form 8-A/A No. 1 on January 7, 1994). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 2012 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from Appendix A of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed March 1, 2012).++ 

10.2 
 
 2021 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed April 28, 2021).++ 

10.3 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated June 30, 2013, between First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 1, 2013). 

10.4 
 
 First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated June 30, 2015, between First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015). 

10.5 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, between First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed June 30, 2017). 

5 

10.6 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated June 30, 2019, between First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 1, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement dated June 30, 2021, between First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrants Form 8-K filed July 7, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan agreement, dated January 6, 2023, by and between First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed January 12, 2023). 

10.9 
 
 2015 Restricted Stock Plan as Amended and Restated April 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed May 1, 2020).++ 

10.10 
 
 Form of Executive Recognition Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed August 10, 2022).++ 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.11 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective July 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed July 29, 2022).++ 

10.12 
 
 Confidential Separation and Release Agreement , dated January 9, 2023, by and between the Company and James R. Gordon (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed January 11, 2023).++ 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Form 10-K). 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of First Financial Bankshares, Inc.+ 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of First Financial Bankshares, Inc.+ 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded with the Inline XBRL Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 The cover page for the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, has been formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith. 
 + Furnished herewith. This Exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 ++ Management contract or compensatory plan on arrangement. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 

IT EM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

The Registrant has not selected the option to provide the summary information in this Item 16. 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIG NATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHARES, INC. 

Date: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ F. Scott Dueser 

F. Scott Dueser 

Chairman of the Board, Director, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The undersigned directors and officers of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. hereby constitute and appoint Michelle S. Hickox, with full power to act and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact or his substitute shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ F. Scott Dueser 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Director, 
 
 February 22, 2023 

F. Scott Dueser 
 President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Michelle S. Hickox 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Michelle S. Hickox 
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ April K. Anthony 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

April K. Anthony 

/s/ Vianei Lopez Braun 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Vianei Lopez Braun 

/s/ David L. Copeland 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

David L. Copeland 

/s/ Michael B. Denny 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Michael B. Denny 

/s/ Murray H. Edwards 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Murray H. Edwards 

/s/ Eli Jones, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Eli Jones, Ph.D. 

/s/ I. Tim Lancaster 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

I. Tim Lancaster 

/s/ Kade L. Matthews 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Kade L. Matthews 

/s/ Robert C. Nickles 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Robert C. Nickles 

/s/ Johnny E. Trotter 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Johnny E. Trotter 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s loan portfolio totaled 6.4 billion and the related allowance for loan losses (ALL) was 75.8 million. The Company calculates their allowance for loan losses in accordance with ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, utilizing a forward-looking expected loss model (the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) model) to estimate credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Company s loan portfolio. As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the ALL is an amount which represents management s best estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual life of the Company s loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The ALL includes credit loss estimates for loans evaluated using common risk characteristics such as financial asset type, collateral type and industry of the borrower. Historical losses are correlated to economic variables that are determined to be the most relevant indicators of expected losses. Those economic variables are forecasted over the reasonable and supportable forecast period to determine the current expected credit losses. Qualitative adjustments are then made to account for factors that management does not believe are captured in the CECL quantitative models. Management applies judgment in estimating the ALL and, in particular, identifying and quantifying qualitative adjustments included within the ALL. 

F- 1 
 
 Table of Contents 

Auditing management s estimate of the allowance for loan losses involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the complexity of the models and the qualitative adjustments included in the estimate. Management s identification and measurement of the qualitative adjustments is highly judgmental and could have a significant impact on the allowance for loan losses. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the allowance for loan losses, including the models used and the qualitative adjustments made to the ALL. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls and governance over the model methodology and qualitative adjustment methodology, including the validation and monitoring procedures performed over the models, the identification and the assessment of the need for qualitative adjustments, the reliability and accuracy of data used to estimate the various components of the qualitative adjustments, and management s review and approval of the qualitative adjustments. To test the models, with the support of specialists, we evaluated the model methodology and design, as well as performed procedures over the Company s correlation of the relevant economic variables to historical losses. On a sample basis, we independently tested and agreed the key inputs used in the models to internal and external sources. Additionally, on a sample basis, we performed an independent recalculation of the models output. To test the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the identification and measurement of the adjustments, including the basis for concluding the adjustments were warranted when considering the model methodology and the historical data used in the adjustments. We tested the completeness and accuracy of data used by the Company to estimate the qualitative adjustments by agreeing underlying data to internal sources and recalculated the analyses used by the Company to measure the adjustments. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 F- 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHA RES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS 

INTEREST-BEARING DEMAND DEPOSITS IN BANKS 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

SECURITIES AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE, at fair value (amortized cost of these securities was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

LOANS: 

Held-for-investment, excluding PPP Loans 

PPP Loans 

Total loans held-for-investment 

Less allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net loans held for -investment 

Held-for-sale and at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, net 

INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net 

OTHER ASSETS 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

NONINTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS 

INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS 

Total deposits 

DIVIDENDS PAYABLE 

BORROWINGS 

OTHER LIABILITIES 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: 

COMMON STOCK par value; authorized shares; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

CAPITAL SURPLUS 

RETAINED EARNINGS 

TREASURY STOCK (shares at cost: and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

() 

() 

DEFERRED COMPENSATION 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS (LOSS), net 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHA RES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statement of Earnings 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

INTEREST INCOME: 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest on investment securities: 

Taxable 

Exempt from federal income tax 

Interest on federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits in banks 

Total interest income 

INTEREST EXPENSE: 

Interest on deposits 

Interest on borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

() 

Net interest income after provisions for credit losses 

NONINTEREST INCOME: 

Trust fees 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Debit card fees 

Credit card fees 

Gain on sale and fees on mortgage loans 

Net gain on sale of available-for-sale securities 

Net gain on sale of foreclosed assets 

Net gain on sale of assets 

Interest on loan recoveries 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE: 

Salaries, commissions and employee benefits 

Net occupancy expense 

Equipment expense 

FDIC insurance premiums 

Debit card expense 

Professional and service fees 

Printing, stationery and supplies 

Operational and other losses 

Software amortization and expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

NET EARNINGS 

NET EARNINGS PER SHARE, BASIC 

NET EARNINGS PER SHARE, DILUTED 

DIVIDENDS PER SHARE 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHA RES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

NET EARNINGS 

OTHER ITEMS OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS (LOSS): 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities available-for- sale, before income taxes 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for realized gains (loss) on investment securities included in net earnings, before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Total other items of comprehensive earnings (losses) 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (expense) related to: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities available-for-sale 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for realized gains (loss) on investment securities included in net earnings 

Total income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS (LOSS) 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of tnhese consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHAR ES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Common Stock 

Capital 

Retained 

Treasury Stock 

Deferred 

Accumulated Other Total Comprehensive 

Total Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Surplus 

Earnings 

Shares 

Amounts 

Compensation 

Earnings (Loss), net 

Equity 

BALANCE, December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Cumulative effect of adopting ASC 326 on January 1, 2020, net of related income taxes 

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity at beginning of period, as adjusted 

() 

() 

Stock issued in acquisition of TB T Bancshares, Inc. 

Net earnings 

Stock option exercises 

Restricted stock grant, net 

Cash dividends declared, per share 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized gain in investment securities available-for-sale, net of related income taxes 

Shares purchased in connection with directors deferred compensation plan, net 

() 

() 

Stock option expense 

Shares repurchased and retired under stock repurchase authorization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

Stock option exercises 

Restricted stock grant, net 

Cash dividends declared, per share 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) in investment securities available-for-sale, net of related income taxes 

() 

() 

Shares purchased in connection with directors deferred compensation plan, net 

() 

Stock option expense 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

Stock option exercises 

Restricted stock grant, net 

Cash dividends declared, per share 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) in investment securities available-for-sale, net of related income taxes 

() 

() 

Shares purchased in connection with directors deferred compensation plan, net 

() 

Stock option expense 

Shares repurchased and retired under stock repurchase authorization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHA RES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

Securities premium amortization, net 

Discount accretion on purchased loans 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of assets, net 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred federal income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Change in loans held-for-sale 

() 

Change in other assets 

() 

() 

Change in other liabilities 

() 

Total adjustments 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash received in acquisition of TB T Bancshares, Inc., net 

Activity in available-for-sale securities and other investments: 

Sales 

Maturities 

Purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in loans held-for-investment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of bank premises and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of bank premises and equipment and other assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net increase in noninterest-bearing deposits 

Net increase in interest-bearing deposits 

Net increase (decrease) in borrowings 

() 

Common stock transactions: 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION AND NONCASH TRANSACTIONS: 

Interest paid 

Federal income taxes paid 

Schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Assets acquired through foreclosure 

Investment securities purchased but not settled 

Restricted stock grant (forfeiture) 

Stock issued in acquisition of TB T Bancshares, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSH ARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 locations located in Texas as of December 31, 2022 . The Company s subsidiary bank is First Financial Bank, N.A. The Company s primary source of revenue is providing loans and banking services to consumers and commercial customers in the market area in which First Financial Bank, N.A. is located. In addition, the Company also owns First Financial Trust Asset Management Company, N.A., First Financial Insurance Agency, Inc., First Technology Services, Inc. and FB Investment Paris Fund, LLC. 

common shares through July 31, 2023. Previously, the Company s Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to common shares through September 30, 2021. The stock repurchase plan authorizes management to repurchase and retire the stock at such time as repurchases and retirements are considered beneficial to the Company and its stockholders. Any repurchase of stock will be made through the open market, block trades or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Under the repurchase plan, there is minimum number of shares that the Company is required to repurchase. Through July 27, 2021, shares were repurchased and retired (all during the months of March and April of 2020) at an average price of under the previous repurchase plan. Subsequent to July 27, 2021 and through December 31, 2022 , shares were repurchased and retired (all during the months of June and July of 2022) at an average price of . of the outstanding capital stock of TB T Bancshares, Inc. through the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary with and into TB T Bancshares, Inc. Following such merger, TB T Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Bank Trust of Bryan/College Station, Texas were merged into the Company and First Financial Bank, N.A., respectively. The results of operations of TB T Bancshares, Inc. subsequent to the acquisition date, are included in the consolidated earnings of the Company. See Note 19 for additional information. 
 net of applicable income taxes). This transition adjustment was comprised of a decrease of in allowance for credit losses and an increase of in the reserve for unfunded commitments. With the adoption of ASC 326, we revised certain accounting policies and implemented certain accounting policy elections which are described below. Prior to January 1, 2020, allowance for credit losses were based on the incurred loss methodology in accordance with accounting policies disclosed in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s 2019 Form 10-K. The Company adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets measured at amortized cost, net investment in leases and OBS credit exposures. The Company adopted ASC 326 using the prospective transition approach for securities for which other-than-temporary impairment had been recognized prior to January 1, 2020. As a result, the amortized cost basis remains the same before and after the effective date of ASC 326. The effective interest rate on these debt securities was not changed. We did not have any securities for which OTTI had been recognized as of December 31, 2019. 
 delinquent or if full collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain. Accrued interest for a security placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. There was no accrued interest related to securities reversed against interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company records its available-for-sale securities portfolio at fair value. Fair values of these securities are determined based on methodologies in accordance with current authoritative accounting guidance. Fair values are volatile and may be influenced by a number of factors, including market interest rates, prepayment speeds, discount rates, credit ratings and yield curves. Fair values for securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on the quoted prices of similar instruments or an estimate of fair value by using a range of fair value estimates in the market place as a result of the illiquid market specific to the type of security. 
 and near-term prospects of the issuer and the intent and our ability to retain our investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , allowance for credit losses - available-for-sale securities was recorded. 
 securities that were classified as held-to-maturity. 

analyzed the degree of correlation in how loans within each portfolio respond when subjected to varying economic conditions and scenarios as well as other portfolio stress factors. For modeling purposes, our loan portfolio segments include C I, Municipal, Agricultural, Construction and Development, Farm, Non-Owner Occupied and Owner Occupied CRE, Residential, Consumer Auto and Consumer Non-Auto. We periodically reassess each pool to ensure the loans within the pool continue to share similar characteristics and risk profiles and to determine whether further segmentation is necessary. Refer to Note 3 for more details on the Company s portfolio segments. The Company applies two methodologies to estimate the allowance on its pooled portfolio segments; discounted cash flows method and weighted average remaining life method. Allowance estimates on the following portfolio segments are calculated using the discounted cash flows method: C I, Municipal, Construction and Development, Farm, Non-Owner Occupied and Owner Occupied CRE and Residential. Allowance estimates on the following portfolio segments are calculated using the remaining life method: Agriculture, Consumer Auto and Consumer Non-Auto. The models related to these methodologies utilize the Company s historical default and loss experience adjusted for future economic forecasts. The reasonable and supportable forecast period represents a one-year economic outlook for the applicable economic variables. Following the end of the reasonable and supportable forecast period expected losses revert back to the historical mean over the next two years on a straight-line basis. Economic variables that have the most significant impact on the allowance include; Texas unemployment rate, Texas house price index and Texas retail sales index. Contractual loan level cash flows within the discounted cash flows methodology are adjusted for the Company s historical prepayment and curtailment rate experience. In some cases, management may determine that an individual loan exhibits unique risk characteristics which differentiate the loan from other loans within our loan pools. In such cases, the loans are evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. Specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses are determined by analyzing the borrower s ability to repay amounts owed, collateral deficiencies, the relative risk rating of the loan and economic conditions affecting the borrower s industry, among other things. A loan is considered to be collateral dependent when, based upon management s assessment, the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale of the collateral. In such cases, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the measurement date, adjusted for estimated selling costs if satisfaction of the loan depends on the sale of the collateral. We reevaluate the fair value of collateral supporting collateral dependent loans on an ongoing basis. Management qualitatively adjusts model results for risk factors that are not considered within our modeling processes but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within our loan pools. These qualitative factor Q-Factor adjustments may increase or decrease management s estimate of expected credit losses by a calculated percentage or amount based upon the estimated level of risk. The various risks that may be considered in making Q-Factor adjustments include, among other things, the impact of (i) changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and practices for collections, write-offs, and recoveries, (ii) actual and expected changes in national, regional, and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the loan pools, (iii) changes in the nature, volume and size of a loan or the loan pools and in the terms of the underlying loans, (iv) changes in the experience, ability, and depth of our lending management and staff, (v) changes in volume and severity of past due financial assets, the volume of nonaccrual assets, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded assets, (vi) changes in the quality of our credit review function, (vii) changes in the value of the underlying collateral for loans that are non-collateral dependent, (viii) the existence, growth, and effect of any concentrations of credit and (ix) other factors such as the regulatory, legal and technological environments; competition; and events such as natural disasters or health pandemics. Management believes it uses relevant information available to make determinations about the allowance and that it has established the existing allowance in accordance with GAAP. However, the determination of the allowance requires significant judgment, and estimates of expected lifetime losses in the loan portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. While management uses available information to recognize expected losses, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in the loans comprising the portfolio, changes in the current and forecasted economic conditions, changes to the interest rate environment which may directly impact prepayment and curtailment rate assumptions, and changes in the financial condition of borrowers. 
 
 and , respectively, which is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 , utilizing a method that approximates the expected attrition of the deposits. Goodwill with an indefinite life is not amortized, but rather tested annually for impairment as of June 30 each year and totaled at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. There was impairment recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is deductible for federal income tax purposes. 
 from the transaction date. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are reflected at the amount of the cash received in connection with the transaction. The Company may be required to provide additional collateral based on the estimated fair value of the underlying securities. 
 
 , and federal funds sold. of losses at December 31, 2022 and of gains at December 31, 2021 , are included in accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) as a separate component of shareholders' equity. 
 
 See note 9 for more information on deferred income taxes. 
 
 and , respectively, and were excluded from the computation of EPS. There were no such anti-dilutive stock options for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

Effect of stock options and stock grants 

Net earnings per share, diluted 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

Net earnings per share, basic 

Effect of stock options and stock grants 

() 

Net earnings per share, diluted 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020: 

Net earnings per share, basic 

Effect of stock options and stock grants 

Net earnings per share, diluted 

by year of origination for financial receivables and net investment leases within scope of ASC Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measured at Amortized Cost. ASU 2022-02 will become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, though early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2022-02 is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Corporate bonds and other 

() 

Total securities available-for-sale 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost Basis 

Gross Unrealized Holding Gains 

Gross Unrealized Holding Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Securities available-for-sale: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Corporate bonds and other 

() 

Total securities available-for-sale 

() 

The Company did t hold any securities classified as held-to-maturity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company invests in mortgage-backed securities that have expected maturities that differ from their contractual maturities. These differences arise because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without a prepayment penalty. These securities include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) and other asset backed securities. The expected maturities of these securities at December 31, 2022, were computed by using scheduled amortization of balances and historical prepayment rates. 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total 

months and for 12 or more months (in thousands): 

Less than 12 Months 

12 Months or Longer 

Total 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

U.S. Treasury Securities 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate bonds and other 

Total 

Less than 12 Months 

12 Months or Longer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate bonds and other 

Total 

The number of investments in an unrealized loss position totaled at December 31, 2022. Any unrealized losses in the U.S. treasuries and government agencies, state and municipal, mortgage-backed and asset-backed investment securities at December 31, 2022 are due to changes in interest rates and not credit-related events. As such, no allowance for credit losses is required at December 31, 2022. Unrealized losses on investment securities are expected to recover over time as these securities approach maturity. Our mortgage related securities are backed by GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC or are collateralized by securities backed by these agencies. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of our available-for-sale securities that are obligations of states and political subdivisions were issued within the State of Texas, of which and , respectively, were guaranteed by the Texas Permanent School Fund. Securities, carried at approximately and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral for public or trust fund deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes required or permitted by law. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, sales of investment securities that were classified as available-for-sale totaled , and . Gross realized gains from 2022, 2021 and 2020 securities sales and calls were , and , respectively. Gross realized losses from 2022 and 2020 securities sales and calls were and , respectively. There were no gross realized losses from security sales and calls during 2021. 

 . 
 
 F- 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total Loans 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Loans, net 

Outstanding loan balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are net of unearned income, including net deferred loan fees. Our subsidiary bank has established a line of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas FHLB to provide liquidity and meet pledging requirements for those customers eligible to have securities pledged to secure certain uninsured deposits. At December 31, 2022 , this available line of credit was . At December 31, 2022, in loans held by our bank subsidiary were subject to blanket liens as security for this line of credit. At December 31, 2022 , there was balance outstanding under this line of credit. 

Loans still accruing and past due 90 days or more 

Troubled debt restructured loans 

Total 

and , for which interest collection is doubtful, are included in nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 The Company had and in nonaccrual, past due 90 days or more and still accruing, restructured loans and foreclosed assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

The Company recognized interest income on nonaccrual loans prior to being recognized as nonaccrual of approximately , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. significant additional funds are committed to be advanced in connection with nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022. 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

Recoveries 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Year-ended December 31, 2022 (continued) 
 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total 

Beginning balance 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Year-ended December 31, 2021 
 
 C I 

Municipal 

Agricultural 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Beginning balance 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Year-ended December 31, 2021 (continued) 
 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total 

Beginning balance 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Additionally, the Company records a reserve for unfunded commitments in other liabilities which totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The provision for loan losses in 2022 above is combined with the provision for unfunded commitments of and reported in the aggregate under the provision for credit losses in the statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022. The reversal of provision for loan losses above of in 2021 is combined with the provision for unfunded commitments of and reported in the aggregate under the provision for credit losses in the statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Collateral Dependent Loans Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses Without an Allowance 

Collateral Dependent Loans Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses With an Allowance 

Non-Collateral Dependent Loans Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses 

Total Loans Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses 

Related Allowance on Collateral Dependent Loans 

Related Allowance on Non- Collateral Dependent Loans 

Total Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses 

Commercial: 

C I 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

The Company s allowance for loans that are individually evaluated for credit losses and collectively evaluated for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , are summarized in the following table by loan segment (in thousands). 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2022 (continued) 
 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 C I 

Municipal 

Agricultural 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2021 (continued) 
 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2022 (continued) 
 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 C I 

Municipal 

Agriculture 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2021 (continued) 
 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Loans collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

From a credit risk standpoint, the Company rates its loans in one of five categories: (i) pass, (ii) special mention, (iii) substandard, (iv) doubtful or (v) loss (which are charged-off). The ratings of loans reflect a judgment about the risks of default and loss associated with the loan. The Company reviews the ratings on our credits as part of our on-going monitoring of the credit quality of our loan portfolio. Ratings are adjusted to reflect the degree of risk and loss that are felt to be inherent in each credit as of each reporting period. Our methodology is structured so that specific allocations are increased in accordance with deterioration in credit quality (and a corresponding increase in risk and loss) or decreased in accordance with improvement in credit quality (and a corresponding decrease in risk and loss). Credits rated special mention show clear signs of financial weaknesses or deterioration in credit worthiness, however, such concerns are not so pronounced that the Company generally expects to experience significant loss within the short-term. Such credits typically maintain the ability to perform within standard credit terms and credit exposure is not as prominent as credits rated more harshly. Credits rated substandard are those in which the normal repayment of principal and interest may be, or has been, jeopardized by reason of adverse trends or developments of a financial, managerial, economic or political nature, or important weaknesses exist in collateral. A protracted workout on these credits is a distinct possibility. Prompt corrective action is therefore required to strengthen the Company s position, and/or to reduce exposure and to assure that adequate remedial measures are taken by the borrower. Credit exposure becomes more likely in such credits and a serious evaluation of the secondary support to the credit is performed. Credits rated doubtful are those in which full collection of principal appears highly questionable, and which some degree of loss is anticipated, even though the ultimate amount of loss may not yet be certain and/or other factors exist which could affect collection of debt. Based upon available information, positive action by the Company is required to avert or minimize loss. Credits rated doubtful are generally also placed on nonaccrual. 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Municipal 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Agricultural 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Construction Development 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Farm 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Residential 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Auto 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Non-Auto 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Total Loans 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

The following tables summarize the Company s internal ratings of its loans held-for-investment, including the year of origination by portfolio segments, at December 31, 2021 (in millions): 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

C I 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Municipal 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Agricultural 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Construction Development 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Farm 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Residential 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Auto 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Non-Auto 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

December 31, 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amort Cost Basis 

Total 

Total Loans 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 15-59 Days Past Due 

60-89 Days Past Due 

Greater Than 90 Days 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Total Loans 

90 Days Past Due Still Accruing 

Commercial: 

C I 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

The restructuring of a loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring if both the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and the creditor has granted a concession. Concessions may include interest rate reductions or below market interest rates, principal forgiveness, restructuring amortization schedules, reductions in collateral and other actions intended to minimize potential losses. 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

Municipal 

Total Commercial 

Agricultural 

Real Estate: 

Construction Development 

Farm 

Non-Owner Occupied CRE 

Owner Occupied CRE 

Residential 

Total Real Estate 

Consumer: 

Auto 

Non-Auto 

Total Consumer 

Total 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, no loans were modified as a troubled debt restructured loan within the previous 12 months and for which there was a payment default. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , one residential real estate loan totaling was modified as a troubled debt restructured loan within the previous 12 months and for which there was a payment default. A default for purposes of this disclosure is a troubled debt restructured loan in which the borrower is days past or more due or results in the foreclosure and repossession of the applicable collateral. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has commitments to lend additional funds to loan customers whose terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings. 

In the opinion of management, those loans are on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral requirements, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons. 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, are valued at the lower of cost or fair value, and the remaining amount are valued under the fair value option. The change to the fair value option for loans held-for-sale was effective at June 30, 2018 and was done in conjunction with the Company s move to mandatory delivery in the secondary market and the purchase of forward mortgage-backed securities to manage the changes in fair value (see Note 5 for additional information). These loans, which are sold on a servicing released basis, are valued using a market approach by utilizing either: (i) the fair value of the securities backed by similar mortgage loans, adjusted for certain factors to approximate the fair value of a whole mortgage loan, including the value attributable to mortgage servicing and credit risk, (ii) current commitments to purchase loans or (iii) recent observable market trades for similar loans, adjusted for credit risk and other individual loan characteristics. As these prices are derived from market observable inputs, the Company classifies these valuations as Level 2 in the fair value disclosures (see Note 10). Interest income on mortgage loans held-for-sale is recognized based on the contractual rates and reflected in interest income on loans in the consolidated statements of earnings. The Company has no continuing ownership in any of these residential mortgage loans sold. The Company originates certain mortgage loans for sale in the secondary market. The mortgage loan sales contracts contain indemnification clauses should the loans default, generally in the first three to six months, or if documentation is determined not to be in compliance with regulations. The Company s historic losses as a result of these indemnities have been insignificant. 

Forward mortgage-backed securities trades 

December 31, 2021: 
 
 Outstanding Notional Balance 

Asset Derivative Fair Value 

Liability Derivative Fair Value 

IRLCs 

Forward mortgage-backed securities trades 

Buildings 
 
 to years 

Furniture and equipment 
 
 to years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 Lesser of lease term or to years 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total bank premises and equipment 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to , and , respectively, and is included in the captions net occupancy expense and equipment expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. 

 , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 or more totaled approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Deposits received from related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. 

Federal funds purchased 

Other borrowings 

Total 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements are generally with significant customers of the Company that require short-term liquidity for their funds for which the Company pledges certain securities that have a fair value equal to at least the amount of the borrowings. The agreements mature daily and therefore the risk arising from a decline in the fair value of the collateral pledged is minimal. The securities pledged are mortgage-backed securities. These agreements do not include right of set-off provisions and therefore the Company does not offset such agreements for financial reporting purposes. The weighted average interest rate on federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and advances from the FHLB was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2021, the Company began investing in qualifying Community Development Entities CDE under the federal New Market Tax Credits NMTC program. See Note 9 for further discussion of our activity and related balances on the consolidated balance sheets, including the in other borrowings shown above. 

 on a revolving line of credit. Prior to June 30, 2023, interest will be paid quarterly at The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and the line of credit matures . If a balance exists at June 30, 2023, the principal balance converts to a term facility payable quarterly over years and interest is paid quarterly at The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. The line of credit is unsecured. Among other provisions in the credit agreement, we must satisfy certain financial covenants during the term of the loan agreement, including, without limitation, covenants that require us to maintain certain capital, loan loss reserve, non-performing asset and cash flow coverage ratios. In addition, the credit agreement contains certain operational covenants, which among others, restricts the payment of dividends above of consolidated net income, limits the incurrence of debt (excluding any amounts acquired in an acquisition) and prohibits the disposal of assets except in the ordinary course of business. Since 1995, we have historically declared dividends as a percentage of our consolidated net income in a range of (low) in 2021 and 2020 to (high) in 2003 and 2006. The Company was in compliance with the financial and operational covenants at December 31, 2022 . There was outstanding balance under the line of credit as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . 

Current state income tax 

Deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

As a Percent of Pretax Earnings 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Statutory federal income tax rate 

Reductions in tax rate resulting from interest income exempt from federal income tax 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

Recognized for financial reporting purposes but not yet for tax purposes - deferred compensation 

Net unrealized loss on investment securities available-for- sale 

Other deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Financial statement basis of fixed assets in excess of tax basis 

Intangible asset amortization deductible for tax purposes, but not for financial reporting purposes 

Recognized for financial reporting purposes but not yet for tax purposes - accretion on investment securities 

Net unrealized gain on investment securities available-for- sale 

Other deferred tax liabilities 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

() 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , management believes that it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets shown above will be realized and therefore valuation allowance was recorded. Low Income Housing Tax Credit Investments - During 2021, the Company began investing in an affordable housing fund that will invest in real estate projects that qualify for the federal low income housing tax credit LIHTC program designed to promote private development of low income housing. The investments made by the fund will generate a return to the Company primarily through the realization of LIHTCs, and also through federal tax deductions generated from the ongoing operating losses from the investees of the fund. The Company s investment in the fund will be amortized through income tax expense using the proportional amortization method as related tax credits are utilized by the Company. The initial capital contribution commitment to the fund was for up to . Contributions were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in other assets. New Market Tax Credits - During 2021, the Company began investing in qualifying CDEs under the federal NMTC program. NMTC investments are made through the third-party CDEs which are qualified through the U.S. Department of the Treasury and receive periodic allocation of amounts under the NMTC program. NMTCs are generated from qualified investments by the CDEs utilizing equity investments made by a taxpayer, like the Company. Through these equity investments, the Company will receive the tax benefits from the NMTCs equal to of the qualified investment from the CDE to qualifying eligible projects over a seven year period. The Company s equity investments in the CDEs is amortized using the effective yield method a related tax credits are allocated to the Company. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the consolidated balance sheet of the Company included the loan to the investee in loans and the leveraged loan from the investee in other borrowings (see Note 7). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the consolidated balance sheet of the Company included CDE investments in other assets of and , respectively. 

 uncertain tax positions. 
 A description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. In general, fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Securities classified as available-for-sale and trading are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include market spreads, cash flows, the United States Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, dealer quotes, market consensus prepayments speeds, credit information and the security s terms and conditions, among other items. See Notes 4 and 5 related to the determination of fair value for loans held-for-sale, IRLCs and forward mortgage-backed securities trades. There were transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Other securities 

Total 

Loans held-for-sale 

IRLCs 

Forward mortgage-backed securities traded 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Level 1 Inputs 

Level 2 Inputs 

Level 3 Inputs 

Total Fair Value 

Available-for-sale investment securities: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Other securities 

Total 

Loans held-for-sale 

IRLCs 

Forward mortgage-backed securities traded 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gains on loans held-for-sale 

Loans held-for-sale at fair value 

Change in fair value on loans held-for-sale and IRLCs 

() 

() 

Change in forward mortgage-backed securities trades 

() 

Total gain on sale of mortgage loans 

residential mortgage loans held-for-sale were 90 days or more past due or considered nonaccrual as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . significant credit losses were recognized on mortgage loans held-for-sale for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Certain non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include other real estate owned, goodwill and other intangible assets and other non-financial long-lived assets. Non-financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include other real estate owned which, subsequent to their initial transfer to other real estate owned from loans, were re-measured at fair value through a write-down included in gain (loss) on sale of foreclosed assets. During the reported periods, all fair value measurements for foreclosed assets utilized Level 2 inputs based on observable market data, generally third-party appraisals, or Level 3 inputs based on customized discounting criteria. These appraisals are evaluated individually and discounted as necessary due to the age of the appraisal, lack of comparable sales, expected holding periods of property or special use type of the property. Such discounts vary by appraisal based on the above factors but generally range from to of the appraised value. Re-evaluation of other real estate owned is performed at least annually as required by regulatory guidelines or more often if particular circumstances arise. There were no other real estate owned properties that were re-measured subsequent to their initial transfer to other real estate owned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had other real estate owned. The Company is required under current authoritative accounting guidance to disclose the estimated fair value of their financial instrument assets and liabilities including those subject to the requirements discussed above. For the Company, as for most financial institutions, substantially all of its assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments. Many of the Company s financial instruments, however, lack an available trading market as characterized by a willing buyer and willing seller engaging in an exchange transaction. The estimated fair value amounts of financial instruments have been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required to interpret data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. In addition, reasonable comparability between financial institutions may not be likely due to the wide range of permitted valuation techniques and numerous estimates that must be made given the absence of active secondary markets for many of the financial instruments. This lack of uniform valuation methodologies also introduces a greater degree of subjectivity to these estimated fair values. Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits in banks and accrued interest receivable and payable are liquid in nature and considered Levels 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Financial instruments with stated maturities have been valued using a present value discounted cash flow with a discount rate approximating current market for similar assets and liabilities and are considered Levels 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Financial instrument liabilities with no stated maturities have an estimated fair value equal to both the amount payable on demand and the carrying value and are considered Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value and the estimated fair value of the Company s contractual off-balance-sheet unfunded lines of credit, loan commitments and letters of credit, which are generally priced at market at the time of funding, are not material. 

Level 1 

Interest-bearing demand deposits in banks 

Level 1 

Available-for-sale securities 

Levels 1 and 2 

Loans held-for-investment, net of allowance for credit losses 

Level 3 

Loans held-for-sale 

Level 2 

Accrued interest receivable 

Level 2 

Deposits with stated maturities 

Level 2 

Deposits with no stated maturities 

Level 1 

Borrowings 

Level 2 

Accrued interest payable 

Level 2 

IRLCs 

Level 2 

Forward mortgage-backed securities trades 

() 

() 
 
 Level 2 

, 2024 - , 2025 - , 2026 - and 2027 - and thereafter - . 
 which is recorded in other liabilities. Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for unfunded lines of credit, commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of these instruments. 

Unfunded commitments to extend credit 

Standby letters of credit 

Total commitments 

The above table also does not include balances related to the Company s IRLCs and forward mortgage-backed security trades. 
 Unfunded lines of credit and commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, as we deem necessary upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant, and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments we issue to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The average collateral value held on letters of credit usually exceeds the contract amount. 

vesting period. The Company matches a maximum of on employee deferrals of of their employee compensation. Total expense for this match in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively, and is included in salaries and employee benefits in the statements of earnings. Costs related to the Company s profit sharing plan totaled approximately , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in salaries and employee benefits in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the profit sharing plan s ESOP assets included First Financial Bankshares, Inc. common stock of and shares valued at approximately and , respectively. The Company has a non-qualified excess benefit plan where executives, whose Company contributions to the profit sharing plan and employer match under the 401(k) feature are curtailed due to Internal Revenue Service limitations, received contributions from the Company equal to the amount under qualified plans as if there had been no Internal Revenue Service limitations. This plan used the same contribution formula and vesting requirements as the 401(k) and profit sharing plan. This Make Whole Plan was frozen to new participants and contributions effective December 31, 2018. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Make Whole Plan held and shares, respectively, in trust for the Company s executives. There were contributions to this plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company adopted a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP ), effective January 1, 2019, which was amended effective January 1, 2022. The SERP benefits certain key senior executives of the Company who are selected by the Board to participate. The SERP is intended to provide a benefit from the Company upon retirement, death, disability or voluntary or involuntary termination of services (other than for cause ). Under the SERP, the Company may, but is not required to, make discretionary contributions to the executive s accounts from time to time. The contributions may be fully vested or subject to vesting conditions imposed by the Board of Directors with respect to the contributions; provided, however, that all unvested amounts credited to an executive s account will become fully vested upon the executive s death or disability or upon the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the SERP). Company contributions to the SERP on behalf of an executive are credited with earnings and losses based on the executive s investment elections. The investment options under the SERP are currently the same as those offered under the Company s profit sharing plan, except that Company stock is not an available investment option under the SERP. An executive s vested account is payable to the participant following his or her termination in a single lump sum or installments, as elected by the participant. The SERP as amended allows selected participants to defer base and incentive compensation as well as the receipt of shares from vested restricted and performance stock units into the plan. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other assets on the consolidated balance sheet include and of SERP balances, respectively. The Company made contributions totaling , and to the SERP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, subsequent to the respective year ends, for certain executive officers. The Company has a directors deferred compensation plan whereby the directors may elect to defer up to of their directors fees. All deferred compensation is invested in the Company s common stock held in a rabbi trust wherein the funds are used to purchase Company common shares on the open market. The stock is held in nominee name of the trustee, and the principal and earnings of the trust are held separate and apart from other funds of the Company and are used exclusively for the uses and purposes of the deferred compensation agreement. The accounts of the trust have been consolidated in the financial statements of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the rabbi trust held and shares, respectively, in trust for the Company s directors and are reflected as treasury shares on the consolidated financial statements. 

 and and reported cash value income (net of related insurance premium expenses) of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 was available for the declaration of dividends by the Company s subsidiaries without the prior approval of regulatory agencies. 

 level and increased each year thereafter, until it reached on January 1, 2019. As of January 1, 2019, the capital conservation buffer Basel III was fully phased in. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and requires increased capital levels for the purpose of capital distributions and other payments. Failure to meet the amount of the buffer will result in restrictions on the Company s ability to make capital distributions, including dividend payments and stock repurchases, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a total risk-based capital ratio of and , a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of and ; a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of and , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of and , respectively. The regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were calculated under Basel III rules. 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

N/A 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Leverage Ratio: 

Consolidated 

N/A 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Actual 

Minimum Capital Required-Basel III Fully Phased-In 

Required to be Considered Well- Capitalized 

As of December 31, 2021: 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

N/A 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

Leverage Ratio: 

Consolidated 

N/A 

First Financial Bank, N.A 

In connection with the adoption of the Basel III regulatory capital framework, our subsidiary bank made the election to continue to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from available-for-sale securities AOCI from capital in connection with its quarterly financial filing and, in effect, to retain the AOCI treatment under the prior capital rules. In connection with the First Financial Trust Asset Management Company, N.A. s (the Trust Company application to obtain our trust charter, the Trust Company is required to maintain tangible net assets of at all times. As of December 31, 2022, our Trust Company had tangible net assets totaling . Our subsidiary bank may be required at times to maintain reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was subsidiary bank s reserve balance required, respectively. 

 shares of the Company's common stock for issuance under this plan. At December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan supersedes all prior stock option and restricted stock plans with shares previously reserved for issuance under such plans cancelled. Restricted Stock Units Under the 2021 Plan, the Company grants restricted stock units under compensation agreements for the benefit of employees, executive officers and directors. Restricted stock unit grants are subject to time-based vesting. The total number of restricted stock units granted represents the maximum number of restricted stock units eligible to vest based upon the service conditions set forth in the grant agreements. 

Grants 

Vesting 

() 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Performance Stock Units 
 , the Company awards performance-based restricted stock units PSUs to executive officers and other officers and employees. Under the terms of the award, the number of units that will vest and convert to shares of common stock will be based on the extent to which the Company achieves specific performance criteria during the fixed performance period. The number of shares issued upon vesting will range from to of the PSUs granted. The PSUs vest at the end of a period based on each average adjusted earnings per share growth and return on average assets as reported, adjusted for unusual gains/losses, merger expenses, and other items as approved by the compensation committee of the Company's board of directors. Performance for each period is measured relative to other U.S. publicly traded banks with billion to billion in assets. Compensation expense for the PSUs will be estimated each period based on the fair value of the stock at the grant date and the probable outcome of the performance condition, adjusted for passage of time within the vesting period of the awards. 

Grants 

Vesting 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Restricted Stock Awards On April 28, 2015, shareholders of the Company approved the 2015 Restricted Stock Plan (the 2015 Plan for selected employees, officers, non-employee directors and consultants. On April 27, 2021, the 2015 Plan was superseded by the new 2021 Plan and all shares previously reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan were cancelled. 

Grants 

Vesting 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

The total fair value of restricted stock vested was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded restricted stock unit, performance-based restricted stock unit and restricted stock award expense for employees of , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company recorded director expense related to these restricted stock grants of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to consolidated unvested restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units and restricted stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years and years, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, accrued in other liabilities related to dividends declared to be paid upon vesting. Stock Option Plan Prior to approval of the 2021 Plan, the 2012 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the 2012 Plan provided for the granting of options to employees of the Company at prices not less than market value at the date of the grant. The 2012 Plan provided that options granted vest and are exercisable after from the date of grant and vest at a rate of each year thereafter and have a term. The most recent grants from the 2021 Plan provided that of the options granted vest and are exercisable after one year from the date of grant and the remaining options vest and are exercisable at a rate of each year thereafter and have a 10-year term. Shares are issued under the 2012 Plan and the 2021 Plan from available authorized shares. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

The options outstanding at December 31, 2022 had exercise prices ranging between and . Stock options have been adjusted retroactively for the effects of stock dividends and splits. 

The fair value of the options granted during 2022 were estimated using the with the following weighted-average assumptions: risk-f ree interest rate of ; expected dividend yield of ; expected life of years; and expected volatility of . The fair value of the options granted during 2021 were estimated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; expected dividend yield of ; expected life of years; and expected volatility of . The fair value of options granted during 2020 were estimated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; expected dividend yield of ; expected life of years; and expected volatility of . The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. The Company recorded stock option expense totaling , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 

 years. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and . 

Cash in unaffiliated banks (1) 

Interest-bearing deposits in subsidiary bank (1) 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available-for-sale, at fair value 

Investment in and advances to subsidiaries, at equity (1) 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity: 

Common stock 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock 

() 

() 

Deferred compensation 

Accumulated other comprehensive earnings 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(1) 

Excess of earnings over dividends of subsidiaries (1) 

Other 

Total income 

Expenses: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Other operating expenses 

Total expense 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net earnings 

(1) . 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Excess of earnings over dividends of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization, net 

Gain on sale of assets, net 

() 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

Other 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Maturity of available-for-sale securities 

Purchases of bank premises and equipment and software 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of stock 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

19 
 , we entered into an agreement and plan of reorganization to acquire TB T Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, The Bank Trust of Bryan/College Station, Texas. On January 1, 2020, the transaction was completed. Pursuant to the agreement, we issued shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of TB T Bancshares, Inc. In addition, TBT Bancshares, Inc. made a special dividend to its shareholders prior to closing of the transaction. At closing, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company merged into TB T Bancshares, Inc. and immediately thereafter TB T Bancshares, Inc. was merged into the Company and The Bank Trust of Bryan/College Station, Texas, was merged into First Financial Bank, N.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The primary purpose of the acquisition was to expand the Company s market share near the Houston market. Factors that contributed to a purchase price resulting in goodwill include their record of earnings, strong management and board of directors, strong local economic environment and opportunity for growth. The results of operations from this acquisition are included in the consolidated earnings of the Company commencing January 1, 2020. 

Fair value of consideration paid: 

Common stock issued shares) 

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available-for-sale 

Loans 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Fair value of liabilities assumed: 

Deposits 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill resulting from acquisition 

Goodwill recorded in the acquisition was accounted for in accordance with the authoritative business combination guidance. Accordingly, goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment annually. The goodwill recorded is not deductible for federal income tax purposes. The fair value of total loans acquired was at acquisition compared to contractual amounts of . 

 F- 49 

<EX-4>
 2
 ffin-ex4_2.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Financial Bankshares, Inc. (the Company, we, or our had one class of securities, our common stock, par value 0.01 per share common stock ), registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 General 
 We are incorporated in the State of Texas. The rights of our shareholders are generally governed by Texas law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation (the certificate of formation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (the bylaws ). The terms of our common stock are therefore subject to Texas law, including the Texas Business Organizations Code (the TBOC ), the common and constitutional law of Texas and federal law governing bank holding companies. 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the provisions of our certificate of formation and our bylaws. For more detailed information about the rights of our common stock, you should refer to our certificate of formation and bylaws and the applicable provisions of Texas law, including the TBOC, for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 We are authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share in the election of directors and on all other matters submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders. No shareholder has the right of cumulative voting. 
 If a quorum exists, action on any matter, including the election of directors, shall be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, unless our certificate of formation, bylaws or the TBOC require a greater number of affirmative votes. In the event that the number of director nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors (not exceeding the authorized number of directors as fixed by the board of directors in accordance with our certificate of formation or bylaws) shall be elected by a plurality of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at any such meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Our bylaws provided that a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a proposal, including the election of directors, must exceed the number of shares voted against, or withheld for, that proposal, and an abstention shall not constitute a vote cast. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights and is not entitled to the benefits of any redemption or sinking fund provision. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends. 

Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of our liquidation, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in any distribution of our assets after payment of all debts and other liabilities. 
 Certain Business Combination Restrictions 
 We are subject to the affiliated business combinations provisions of Chapter 21, Subchapter M of the TBOC (Sections 21.601 through 21.610), which provide that a Texas corporation may not engage in certain business combinations, including mergers, consolidations and asset sales, with a person, or an affiliate or associate of such person, who is an affiliated shareholder (generally defined as the holder of 20 or more of the corporation s voting shares) for a period of three years from the date such person became an affiliated shareholder unless: (1) the business combination or purchase or acquisition of shares made by the affiliated shareholder was approved by the board of directors of the corporation before the affiliated shareholder became an affiliated shareholder; or (2) the business combination was approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation not beneficially owned by the affiliated shareholder, at a meeting of shareholders called for that purpose (and not by written consent), not less than six months after the affiliated shareholder became an affiliated shareholder. 
 Certain Provisions of Our Certificate of Formation and Bylaws 
 Advance Notice for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our bylaws contain provisions requiring that advance notice be delivered to the Company of any business to be brought by a shareholder before an annual meeting of shareholders and provide for certain procedures to be followed by shareholders in nominating candidates for election as directors. Generally, the advance notice provisions require that shareholder proposals be provided to us between 90 and 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting and director nominations be provided to us between 120 and 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting in order to be properly brought before a shareholder meeting. The notice must set forth specific information regarding the shareholder submitting the proposal or nomination and the proposal or director nominee, as described in our bylaws, and must otherwise comply with the terms of our bylaws. These requirements are in addition to those set forth in the regulations adopted by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our shareholders may be called for any purpose or purposes by (a) the Chairman of our board of directors joined by at least three members of the board of directors, or (b) a majority of our board of directors, and shall be called by the Chairman of the board of directors or Secretary at the request in writing of shareholders owning not less than twenty percent (20 of our issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at such meeting. Such request for a special meeting shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting, which purpose or purposes shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of shareholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. At a special meeting requested by our shareholders, only the Company and the shareholders who participated in the written meeting request may propose any item for consideration or nominate directors for election at such meeting. 
 Potential Anti-Takeover Effect 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of formation and bylaws could make the acquisition of control of our company and/or the removal of our existing management more difficult, including those that provide as follows: 

cumulative voting in the election of our board of directors, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of shareholders to elect director candidates, is expressly denied under our certificate of formation and bylaws; 

our bylaws limit the ability of shareholders to call a special meeting except in compliance with the procedures described above, which require shareholders owning not less than twenty percent (20 of our issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at such meeting to request a special meeting; 

subject to certain limitations set forth in our bylaws, our board of directors fixes the size of the board of directors, may create new directorships and may appoint new directors to serve in such newly-created positions until the next election of one or more directors by our shareholders; 

our bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed and new bylaws may be adopted by our board of directors, subject to repeal or change by action of the shareholders, at any meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is present, provided notice of the proposed alteration, amendment, or repeal is contained in the notice of the meeting, unless (a) our certificate of formation or the TBOC wholly or partly reserves the power exclusively to our shareholders; or (b) in amending, repealing, or adopting a bylaw, the shareholders expressly provide that the board of directors may not amend, repeal, or readopt that bylaw; and 

we have advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors. 

These provisions are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection give us the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us and that these benefits outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging the proposals. Negotiating with the proponent could result in an improvement of the terms of the proposal. 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FFIN . 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 3
 ffin-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Names of Subsidiary 
 
 Place of Organization 
 
 Percentage of Voting Securities Owned 

First Technology Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 100 

Abilene, Texas 

First Financial Trust Asset Management Company, N.A. 
 
 Texas 
 
 100 

Abilene, Texas 

First Financial Bank, N.A 
 
 Texas 
 
 100 

Abilene, Texas 

First Financial Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 100 

Abilene, Texas 

FB Investment Paris Fund, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 100 

Abilene, Texas 

National charter. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ffin-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-190247) pertaining to the 2012 Incentive Stock Option Plan of First Financial Bankshares, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-205406) pertaining to the 2015 Restricted Stock Plan of First Financial Bankshares, Inc; and 

(3) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255569) pertaining to the 2021 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan of First Financial Bankshares, Inc; 

of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Fort Worth, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 ffin-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 I, F. Scott Dueser, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of First Financial Bankshares, Inc., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of First Financial Bankshares, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ F. Scott Dueser 

F. Scott Dueser 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 ffin-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 I, Michelle S. Hickox, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of First Financial Bankshares, Inc., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of First Financial Bankshares, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michelle S. Hickox 

Michelle S. Hickox 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 ffin-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 This certification is provided pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. (the Issuer ). 
 I, F. Scott Dueser, the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 1. the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 2. the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
 Dated: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ F. Scott Dueser 

F. Scott Dueser 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd day of February, 2023. 

/s/ Melissa A. Fenton 

Notary Public 

My commission expires: October 11, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 ffin-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 This certification is provided pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of First Financial Bankshares, Inc. (the Issuer ). 
 I, Michelle S. Hickox, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Issuer certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 1. the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 2. the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
 Dated: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michelle S. Hickox 

Michelle S. Hickox 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd day of February, 2023. 

/s/ Melissa A. Fenton 

Notary Public 

My commission expires: October 11, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ffin-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ffin-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ffin-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ffin-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ffin-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

