<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1661181_0000950170-23-005585.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24971975</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1147932</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4433006</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12168810</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2348884</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4322841</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005585.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301164507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005585
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Organogenesis Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001661181
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37906
		FILM NUMBER:		23694374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 DAN ROAD
		CITY:			CANTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-575-0775

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 DAN ROAD
		CITY:			CANTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005585.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 orgo-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

Incorporation or Organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, computed by reference to the closing sale price of the Class A common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The Company has no non-voting common shares. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding as of February 15, 2023 w as . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Certain information required to be provided in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be provided by a Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before May 1, 2023. 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 T AB LE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 70 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 70 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 70 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 71 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 72 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 73 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 86 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 87 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 87 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 87 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 88 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 89 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 89 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 89 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 89 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 90 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 

SIGNATURES 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements. These statements may relate to, but are not limited to, expectations of our future results of operations, business strategies and operations, financing plans, potential growth opportunities, potential market opportunities and the effects of competition, as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. These risks and other factors include, but are not limited to, those listed under Risk Factors. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, might, would, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. 
 As used herein, except as otherwise indicated by context, references to we, us, our, the Company, Organogenesis and ORGO will refer to Organogenesis Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS 
 All trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics and logos of Organogenesis contained herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in the United States and/or other countries. All other party trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics and logos contained herein are the property of their respective owners. The use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics or logos is not intended to imply, and should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of Organogenesis by such other party. 
 Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this annual report are listed without the , (sm) and (TM) symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PA RT I 
 ITE M 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Organogenesis is a leading regenerative medicine company focused on the development, manufacture and commercialization of solutions for the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets. Our products have been shown through clinical and scientific studies to support and in some cases accelerate tissue healing and improve patient outcomes. We are advancing the standard of care in each phase of the healing process through multiple breakthroughs in tissue engineering and cell therapy. Our solutions address large and growing markets driven by aging demographics and increases in comorbidities such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and peripheral vascular disease and smoking. We offer our differentiated products and in-house customer support to a wide range of health care customers including hospitals, wound care centers, government facilities, ambulatory service centers ASCs and physician offices. Our mission is to provide integrated healing solutions that substantially improve medical outcomes and the lives of patients while lowering the overall cost of care. 
 We offer a comprehensive portfolio of products in the markets we serve that address patient needs across the continuum of care. We have and intend to continue to generate data from clinical trials, real-world outcomes and health economics research that validate the clinical efficacy and value proposition offered by our products. Several of our existing and pipeline products in our portfolio have Premarket Application PMA approval, or 510(k) clearance from the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ). Given the extensive time and cost required to conduct clinical trials and receive FDA approvals, we believe that our data and regulatory approvals provide us a strong competitive advantage. Our product development expertise and multiple technology platforms provide a robust product pipeline, which we believe will drive future growth. 
 In the Advanced Wound Care market, we focus on the development and commercialization of advanced wound care products for the treatment of chronic and acute wounds in various treatment settings. We have a comprehensive portfolio of regenerative medicine products, capable of supporting patients from early in the wound healing process through wound closure regardless of wound type. Our advanced wound care products include Apligraf for the treatment of venous leg ulcers VLUs and diabetic foot ulcers DFUs ); Dermagraft for the treatment of DFUs (manufacturing currently suspended pending transition to a new manufacturing facility or engagement of a third-party manufacturer); PuraPly AM as an antimicrobial barrier for a broad variety of wound types; and the Affinity, Novachor, and NuShield wound coverings to address a variety of wound sizes and types. We have a highly trained and specialized direct wound care sales force paired with comprehensive customer support services. 
 In the Surgical Sports Medicine market, we are leveraging our broad regenerative medicine capabilities to address chronic and acute surgical wounds and tendon and ligament injuries. Our Sports Medicine products include NuShield for surgical applications in targeted soft tissue repairs; and Affinity, Novachor, PuraPly MZ, and PuraPly AM for management of open wounds in the surgical setting. We currently sell these products through independent agencies and our direct sales force. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,030 full-time employees worldwide. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenue of 450.9 million and we incurred operating expenses of 323.6 million. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we have several unique strengths that have been instrumental to our success and position us well for future growth: 
 Leader in Regenerative Medicine Technology with Strong Brand Recognition. Given our extensive history in regenerative medicine, we have strong brand recognition and market-leading positions across our portfolio, which includes flagship products Apligraf, Dermagraft, and PuraPly AM, as well as our placental-based (amnion chorion tissue) products NuShield, Affinity, and Novachor. Organogenesis is well recognized as an innovator that has advanced the science of regenerative medicine, as well as the methodology to manufacture living technology at a large commercial scale and ship it worldwide. We first entered the market in 1998 with Apligraf, which is still considered one of the major breakthroughs of the Company in the regenerative medicine market, and a leader in the skin substitute category. In addition, our product Dermagraft received FDA approval in 2001 and is a well-known brand in the global regenerative medicine market. 

Well-Positioned in Large, Attractive and Growing Global Markets Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine. We believe both markets will continue to see accelerated growth given favorable global demographics that include an aging population and a greater incidence of comorbidities such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and peripheral vascular disease and smoking. We believe there is growing adoption of regenerative medicine products by the physician community due to their clinical superiority and cost effectiveness for all major stakeholders compared to traditional products. 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Comprehensive Suite of Products to Address the Clinical and Economic Needs of Wound Care Patients and Providers. Our comprehensive portfolio of wound care products allows physicians to personalize solutions to meet the needs of individual wound care patients. We engage with the physician at the earliest incidence of the patient s healing process with our PuraPly AM product, which has antimicrobial properties that are beneficial for most types of wounds. If the underlying healing issues persist, we offer an array of bioactive products and placental-based (amnion chorion tissue) wound coverings customizable for various sizes and types of wounds. Our experienced wound care sales force is highly trained to assist clinicians in effectively deploying the full complement of our wound care products. 

Large and Growing Body of Clinical Data and FDA Approved Products. We have a deep body of scientific, clinical and real-world outcomes data, including over 200 publications that review the technical and clinical attributes of our products. Several of our existing and pipeline products in our product portfolio have FDA regulatory approval, including PMA approval or 510(k) clearance. Given the extensive time and cost required to conduct clinical trials and receive FDA approval, we believe our data and regulatory approvals provide us with a strong competitive advantage. 

Robust and Extensive Relationships Across the Continuum of Care. We have established robust and extensive customer relationships across the entire continuum of care and sites of care including hospitals, wound care centers, government facilities, ASCs, and physician offices to sell our broad portfolio of products. We serve more than 4,000 health care facilities, hospital systems, integrated delivery network IDNs and Group Purchasing Organizations GPOs ). In addition, we have developed important relationships with various physician specialties (Plastics, General, Vascular, Orthopedic, Podiatry, Dermatology), nurses, and other key decision-makers as well as third-party payers. Given these relationships across the continuum of care, we believe we are well positioned to increase our penetration in the Advanced Wound Care market and leverage those relationships in the Surgical Sports Medicine market. 

Differentiated In-house Customer Support Capabilities Including Third-Party Reimbursement Support. We strengthen our customer relationships with extensive in-house customer support capabilities. Through our dedicated team of experienced professionals, our Circle of Care program provides in-house third-party reimbursement, and medical and technical support. 

Established and Scalable Regulatory, Manufacturing and Commercial Infrastructure. We have developed significant in-house expertise on the regulatory approval process that is based on our successful management of multiple products through various FDA approval pathways including PMA approval, Biologics License Application BLA approval and Premarket Notification 510(k) clearance. We have also developed rigorous and proven FDA-compliant manufacturing, distribution, and logistics capabilities. We pair our operational capabilities with a strong commercial team of sales and marketing professionals. Our established regulatory, operational and commercial infrastructure provides a firm foundation for growth as we continue to scale our business. 

Extensive Executive Management Experience in Regenerative Medicine. Our executive management team has extensive experience in the regenerative medicine industry, boasting over 80 years of collective experience in the space. This experience allows us to operate from a deep understanding of the underlying trends in regenerative medicine and the intertwined scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial and manufacturing issues that drive success in the industry. 

Our Business Strategy 
 We believe the following strategies will play a critical role in our future growth: 
 Drive Penetration in the Fast-Growing Advanced Wound Care Market. We intend to leverage our comprehensive product portfolio and relationships with key constituents to deepen our presence in the Advanced Wound Care market. We believe the breadth and flexibility of the portfolio we now offer allow us to address a wide variety of wound types (chronic acute), sizes, and reimbursement levels, offering significant new opportunities for growth. Furthermore, we believe our expanded product portfolio is enhancing the ability of our sales representatives to reach and penetrate customer accounts, contributing to strong growth over time. Additionally, we believe there is significant room for expansion of the Advanced Wound Care market as a whole and our wound biologics product category in particular as more physicians and payers are educated about the benefits of regenerative medicine technologies versus traditional therapies. We continue to invest to support physician and payer education as well as preclinical and clinical trials, real-world evidence, and other research to confirm the benefits of our products. We will continue to seek expanded payer coverage for all of our products, particularly PuraPly AM, Novachor, NuShield and Affinity, for which we do not yet have the broad commercial payer coverage enjoyed by Apligraf and Dermagraft. 

Continued Expansion into Surgical Sports Medicine Market. We entered the Surgical Sports Medicine market with the acquisition of NuTech Medical and its established and leading presence in placental-based products in 2017. We plan to continue to accelerate penetration into this market with our placental-based and collagen biomaterial products by leveraging our established commercial and operational infrastructure including our direct sales force and independent sales 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 agencies. We also plan to continue to take advantage of significant opportunities to cross-sell within our established customer bases in both the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets. We believe that the Surgical Sports Medicine market presents a strong near-term opportunity with respect to our current product portfolio as well as a significant long-term opportunity with respect to chronic inflammatory and degenerative conditions. Given our experience in the Advanced Wound Care market and regenerative medicine in general, we believe we are well positioned to capture this opportunity. 

Launch Robust Pipeline of Products and Drive Innovation with a Proven Research and Development Platform. We have a robust pipeline of products in both the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets that we expect to launch in the next few years. We expect these products will deepen our portfolios and allow us to address additional clinical applications. In addition, we anticipate our ongoing efforts to complete clinical studies and publish research regarding our products will further enhance physician and payer receptiveness to our products over time. Our proven research and development capabilities and established technology platforms also support a robust and adaptable product pipeline for future applications. 

Continue to Maximize Our Sales Force and Increase Sales Productivity and Geographic Reach. We plan to continue to expand the reach and penetration of our products by optimizing our sales organization to serve the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets. This effort should allow us to achieve more focused and effective sales coverage for specific market categories, broaden our geographic footprint, and leverage our expanding relationships with large hospital systems and GPOs. We also plan to increase our focus on sales outside of the United States, including the European Union and the Middle East. Currently, substantially all of our sales are in the United States. 

Supplement Organic Growth Through Selective Acquisitions. We have demonstrated our ability to successfully identify and integrate assets that complement our strategy through the acquisitions of Dermagraft and TransCyte from Shire and our placental-based products from NuTech Medical. We continue to evaluate tuck-in acquisitions which complement our existing portfolios in both the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets and will leverage our established commercial and manufacturing infrastructure. 

Industry Overview 
 We focus our efforts on medical conditions that involve difficult-to-heal wounds and musculoskeletal injuries. Healing difficulties may arise from a variety of causes and in various types of tissue and anatomic areas. Impaired healing is commonly associated with an inability to move beyond the inflammatory stages of healing, resulting in a chronic wound or injury, an ongoing inflammatory cycle, and an inability to achieve normal tissue healing. Biofilm and other infectious conditions also play a key role in disrupting wound healing processes. Regenerative medicine is a collection of technologies aimed at generating tissue as close as possible to native or natural tissue, to replace damaged tissue, and to fill or replace defects. Demand for these technologies is increasing as physician understanding of the underlying wound healing processes grows and as demographic and population health trends result in the increased prevalence of systemic comorbidities that contribute to healing problems throughout the body. 
 Our products use regenerative medicine technologies to provide solutions in the Advanced Wound Care (Chronic Wound) and Surgical (Acute Wound) Sports Medicine markets. Based on industry reports and management estimates, we believe that our addressable Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets totaled approximately 24 billion in 2021, which included an estimated 10 billion addressable market for Advanced Wound Care and an estimated 14 billion for Surgical Sports Medicine. Within the Advanced Wound Care market in 2021, 49 of treatments used advanced wound dressings, 18 used biologics, 21 used external wound healing devices, and 13 consisted of more traditional wound care dressings. The skin substitute market, within biologics, is expected to grow from 1.1 billion in 2021 to 2 billion in 2026. Within the Surgical Sports Medicine market, the surgical/acute wound sub-market accounts for 9.1 billion, the chronic inflammatory and degenerative condition sub-market accounts for approximately 3.8 billion, and the tendon and ligament injuries sub-market accounts for approximately 1.0 billion in 2015. 
 Key drivers of growth in these two markets include: 
 favorable global demographics and aging population; 

greater incidence of comorbidities that contribute to impaired healing, such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and peripheral vascular disease, and smoking; and 

increasing acceptance of advanced technologies to treat complex wounds and musculoskeletal injuries. 

4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Advanced Wound Care Market 
 Wounds represent a large and growing burden on the public health as well as a significant cost to the health care system. Wounds are divided into two primary types, chronic and acute. It is estimated that approximately 80 million patients suffer from chronic and acute wounds globally each year, excluding surgical incisions. Chronic wounds account for most of the expenses due to their complexity and length of treatment. 
 Chronic Wounds 
 Chronic wounds are wounds that have not appropriately closed after four weeks of treatment with traditional treatment such as dressings. Chronic wounds include: 
 VLUs: wounds that occur in the leg veins when blood does not circulate properly to the heart. 

DFUs: open sores or wounds that occur in patients with diabetes and are commonly located on the bottom of the foot. 

Pressure Ulcers: localized injuries to the skin and/or underlying tissues as a result of pressure or pressure in combination with shear. 

Surgical Wounds: acute wounds caused by surgical incisions that become chronic wounds if they do not heal properly. 

While the underlying etiology of these chronic wounds is different, at a cellular level many of the problems that result in failed healing are the same. These include uncontrolled inflammatory processes, shortages of cell types, and growth factors secreted by cells that are critical to healing, and that result in disrupted cell signaling pathways. 
 Relative Prevalence of Wounds 
 Our customers in outpatient wound care facilities are faced with a wide variety of types of wounds with different anatomical locations and underlying causes. Based on a retrospective cohort study of data from wound care centers from June 2008 and June 2012, the distribution of wound types in hospital outpatient wound care centers is detailed below: 
 Distribution of Wound Types 

Based on a September 2013 JAMA Dermatology published retrospective cohort study. 
 Due to the breadth of our wound care portfolio, our products are able to address both chronic and acute wounds across all of these wound types. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Solution 
 The wound care market includes traditional dressings such as bandages, gauzes, and ointments and advanced wound care products such as mechanical devices, advanced dressings, and biologics. These advanced wound care products target chronic and acute wounds not adequately addressed by traditional therapies. Our products are primarily classified as skin substitutes, which fall within the biologics category of the Advanced Wound Care market. 
 According to Grand View Research, the Global Advanced Wound Care market was estimated to be approximately 10 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 4 through 2028. This market consists of several product categories including advanced wound dressings, external wound healing devices such as negative pressure wound therapy, or NPWT, biologics such as skin substitute and growth factors and other traditional wound dressings. The approximate breakdown for these product categories in 2021 is set forth below. 
 
 Advanced Wound Care Market 

Wound biologics represents one of the smallest segments of the Advanced Wound Care market but is the fastest growing and has seen the highest level of innovation. According to BCC Research, the worldwide wound biologics market, which includes skin substitutes and growth factors, was estimated to be approximately 1.7 billion in 2021, of which skin substitute products are estimated to represent approximately 62 . Skin substitutes, bioengineered or biologic grafts that cover skin defects and support healing, are one of the fastest-growing categories of the Advanced Wound Care market. The skin substitute market, within biologics, is expected to grow from 1.1 billion in 2021 to 2 billion in 2026. Going forward, the skin substitute market is projected to continue to grow as patients with hard-to-heal wounds transition from other therapies to skin substitute treatment. 
 We expect this market to continue to grow at a rapid rate as physicians are educated about the use of these products and understand the benefits as compared to other currently marketed products, payers incentivize doctors to use more cost-effective treatments, patients demand more effective treatment solutions and advanced wound care becomes more common outside of the United States. We also believe that adoption of these products will increase as clinical evidence supporting the benefits of skin substitutes over traditional therapies continues to grow. Skin substitutes have demonstrated improved chronic and acute wound healing rates at a lower overall cost than the current standard of care. In a matched cohort study we commissioned, Medicare treatment costs for DFUs treated with Apligraf were 5,253 p =0.49) lower per patient than the standard of care and for DFUs treated with Dermagraft, these costs were 6,991 p =0.84) lower per patient than the standard of care. See Rice et al. Economic outcomes among Medicare patients receiving bioengineered cellular technologies for treatment of diabetic foot ulcers. J Med Econ. 2015;18(8):586-95. 
 Our products compete with other skin substitutes as well as other advanced wound care products such as NPWT and growth factors. Due to its market position as a skin substitute with antimicrobial properties appropriate for the treatment of wounds with biofilm or otherwise at high risk of infection, our PuraPly AM product also competes with antimicrobial dressings. Antimicrobial wound products have historically represented a more than 1 billion annual market. We are a market leader in the antimicrobial skin substitute market and have supported the expansion of that market with our comprehensive marketing and educational campaigns. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 

Finally, the skin substitute market remains substantially underpenetrated. According to BioMed GPS, over 7.9 million wounds globally, 3.7 million in the United States, require medical care and are classified as difficult-to-heal wounds where traditional therapies are unlikely to succeed. Market growth will be propelled by the aging population and rise of diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease all associated with poor vascularity increasing the susceptibility of chronic, hard-to-heal wounds. Despite the vast need and proven benefits of advanced wound care products in general including skin substitutes, market penetration remains low in relation to the size of the total addressable market. Our internal estimates indicate that if the potentially addressable market were completely penetrated today, annual skin substitute revenue in the United States alone could exceed 9 billion. 
 
 We believe that we are well positioned in the skin substitute market as adoption continues to increase. According to BioMed GPS, we are a leading skin substitute company in the United States, and we have an experienced and established sales force with deep relationships with clinicians, wound care centers, and hospitals. We also have a diverse array of products to address the different varieties of wounds throughout the wound healing process. 
 Surgical Sports Medicine Market 
 An estimated 313 million surgical procedures are performed worldwide annually. An analysis of Medicare beneficiaries reveals that surgical wound care is associated with the highest wound care expenses, followed by DFUs. Trauma wounds, including burns, are included in the surgical/acute wound area. It is estimated that traumatic injury is responsible for more than 5 million deaths worldwide per year. Sports Medicine has displayed considerable growth as compared to other healthcare fields as a result of the rise in incidence of sports-associated injuries along with increase in awareness among people regarding physical fitness. We estimate the immediate addressable Surgical Sports Medicine market for our products to be approximately 14 billion with a CAGR of approximately 6 through 2028. 

Surgical/Acute Wounds 
 A surgical and/or acute wound is an injury that causes a rapid break in the skin and sometimes the underlying tissue. Acute wounds can be traumatic wounds, such as abrasions, lacerations, penetrating injuries and burns, or surgical wounds (grafts, dehiscences, necrotizing soft tissue infections) from surgical incisions. In contrast to chronic wounds, which would normally heal but stall due to biologic factors, acute wounds can be so severe that they overwhelm the body s normal healing capacity. Biofilm and other infectious conditions, particularly in acute wounds with a high risk of infection such as open fractures, may also pose challenges to the healing of acute wounds. According to BCC Research, in the United States alone more than 150,000 deaths stem from traumatic injuries and there are more than 3 million nonfatal injuries per year. An estimated 180,000 deaths every year are caused by burns, and nonfatal burn injuries are a leading cause of morbidity. According to the American Burn Association, approximately 450,000 Americans sustain serious burn injuries every year, and more than 40,000 require hospitalization and advanced medical care. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Tendon and Ligament Injuries 
 Tendon and ligament injuries are common orthopedic conditions in an active and aging population. There are approximately 250,000 rotator cuff repairs performed in the United States annually. Additionally, in 2015, there were approximately 40,000 outpatient Achilles tendon repairs in the United States. Re-rupture and reoperation continue to be a significant source of concern with non-operative management, occurring in 4.8 of Achilles tendon repair cases and as many as 25 or more rotator cuff repair cases. Comorbidities such as diabetes and obesity, as well as age, are correlated with a higher risk of failed healing and re-rupture. Regenerative tissue scaffolds may be used to support the healing of tendons, ligaments, and other soft tissues. According to Technavio, the annual regenerative tissue scaffold market is estimated to exceed 1 billion. 
 Sports Medicine--Orthobiologics 
 While our current portfolio of products has applicability across a wide variety of clinical specialties and wound types in the advanced wound care and surgical wound care market, our goal is to re-enter the regenerative orthobiologics market in the future (if BLA approval for ReNu is obtained). Orthobiologics are biologic substances that are used to address injuries of the musculoskeletal system. Orthobiologic products are used to treat people with long-term disabling musculoskeletal disorders and injuries. The majority of musculoskeletal injuries occur due to recreational and sports activities. The patient demographics include both younger populations and those involved in professional sports, as well as the elderly population, usually requiring treatment for degenerative disorders and chronic diseases. The market has seen an increase in surgical volumes in part due to a higher incidence of comorbidities and chronic inflammatory and degenerative conditions, such as osteoarthritis OA and tendonitis. The growing and aging population affected with OA that is still looking to remain active will continue to seek non-surgical or minimally invasive alternatives. The prevalence of knee OA has been increasing over the past several decades in the U.S., mirroring the aging population and the growing obesity epidemic. 
 Chronic Inflammatory and Degenerative Conditions (Future Pipeline Opportunity) 
 Chronic inflammatory and degenerative orthopedic conditions are increasingly prevalent, driven in part by an aging demographic and higher levels of comorbidities such as diabetes and obesity. OA is the most common chronic condition of the joints, affecting approximately 27 million individuals in the United States. OA can affect multiple joints in the body, with arthritis of the knee being the most commonly treated. One in two adults will develop symptoms of knee OA during their lives. Other chronic inflammatory conditions such as Achilles and rotator cuff tendinosis and plantar fasciitis are also increasingly common. Similar to many of the other conditions that we seek to address, chronic inflammatory and degenerative orthopedic conditions are often correlated with smoking, obesity, and diabetes, among other factors. Collectively, these and other related conditions were treated with an estimated 9 million injections in 2016, including steroids and hyaluronic acid, or HA. According to Grand View Research, the global chronic inflammatory and degenerative orthopedic market (Viscosupplementation Market) exceeded 3.8 billion in 2020. 
 Our Solution 
 We believe our multiple regenerative technology platforms will allow us to build a broad portfolio covering the full range of needs in the Surgical Sports Medicine market. In the short term, our focus will be on providing clinicians with wound covering and solutions to support soft tissue healing solutions with our placental-based technologies for open acute wounds and tendon and ligament surgical repair procedures. In the long-term, we plan to deepen our focus and provide solutions for chronic inflammatory and degenerative conditions, and in particular, OA as illustrated by our current Phase III Clinical Trial for ReNu. We intend to address patient needs with our portfolio in the inpatient hospital, ASC, and clinic settings. We estimate the immediate addressable Surgical Sports Medicine market for our products to be approximately 14 billion respectively with a CAGR of approximately 6 through 2028. 
 For surgical/acute wounds, as skin substitutes continue to gain market adoption based on their demonstrated efficacy in improving healing rates with lower overall costs for these comprised healing situations, we believe we are well positioned with our comprehensive portfolio of technologies. Our placental-based technologies (Affinity, Novachor, NuShield) and skin substitute with antimicrobial properties (PuraPly AM) are highly differentiated both in composition along with their level of clinical utility. These product attributes coupled with our current market-leading position and high level of organizational competency give us the confidence that we have the ability to capture a high percent share of this growing market. 
 In tendon and ligament repair, conventional surgical approaches rely on mechanical fixation to temporarily approximate damaged tissues, assuming that the natural healing process will then result in a permanent repair. Patients with impaired healing may be unable to generate the necessary tissue structures, resulting in unacceptable failure rates over time. As additional clinical evidence and technology adoption is gained with our placental-based technologies, we believe we are well positioned with our current offering (NuShield as a surgical barrier) and our native collagen surgical matrix (PuraForce for soft tissue reinforcement). 
 OA and other degenerative conditions, as well as soft tissue injuries such as tendinosis and fasciitis, are currently treated by injection with steroids or HA. However, steroids offer pain relief for only a limited period and have been shown to further degrade 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 some types of tissues over time, worsening the underlying condition. The evidence of HA s efficacy has been questioned, and it is clear that a significant percentage of patients do not respond to HA treatment. Patients who fail these less invasive therapies have limited options and may require surgical intervention, including total joint replacement. 
 Orthobiologics have been shown to be an effective alternative to traditional treatments. Due to their anti-inflammatory and pro-healing effects, they go beyond mechanical intervention to support the healing process in the damaged tissue and often result in faster healing times and shorter hospital stays. The orthobiologics market includes bone morphogenetic protein, viscosupplementation with HA, synthetic bone graft substitutes, and stem cell therapy, in addition to DBM and allograft. Our current product pipeline includes Sports Medicine solutions based on placental-based technologies (ReNu). There is a rapidly growing body of clinical and scientific evidence indicating the potential of these products, particularly orthobiologics, in surgical applications, resulting in increased adoption of these products. 
 Our Products 
 Advanced Wound Care 
 In the Advanced Wound Care (Chronic Wound) market, we focus on the development and commercialization of a broad portfolio of cellular and acellular wound care offerings that treat patients from the earliest indication of impaired healing to wound closure. Our suite of products helps treat a wide range of chronic wounds such as VLUs, DFUs, and pressure ulcers. 
 The breadth and depth of our portfolio allow physicians to tailor solutions to meet the needs of individual wound care patients. Wounds of all types normally progress through predictable phases of healing, starting with inflammation, progressing to cell proliferation, and finally remodeling to form normal skin. Wounds may stall during this process, typically in the inflammatory phase, for a variety of reasons. These reasons include biofilm or infection, uncontrolled inflammatory processes, shortages of cell types and growth factors secreted by cells that are critical to healing and disrupted cell signaling pathways. 
 It is increasingly recognized that addressing biofilm is an important step in healing any wound. Biofilm is generated by densely packed microbial communities that are attached to the wound surface and enclosed in a matrix of self-produced extracellular polymeric substance, or EPS. Biofilm is present in at least 78 of chronic wounds and can inhibit the healing of all wound types. We engage with the physician at the earliest indication of impaired healing with our PuraPly AM product, which helps control biofilm as an antimicrobial barrier via the broad-spectrum antimicrobial PHMB. If reduction of biofilm and control of the excessive inflammatory response is sufficient to result in healing, as is many times the case, PuraPly AM may be the only product required to achieve wound closure. If underlying healing issues persist, we offer an array of bioactive products and placental-based wound coverings tailored for a wide variety of wound sizes and types. 
 Our advanced wound care products are used in wound clinics that are located in an outpatient hospital setting as well as in physician offices and ASCs. The table below summarizes our comprehensive advanced wound care product suite: 

Product (Launch Year) 
 Description 
 Regulatory Pathway 
 Clinical Application 

Affinity (2014) 
 Fresh amniotic membrane wound covering in which viable cells, growth factors/cytokines, and ECM proteins in the native tissue are preserved. 
 361 HCT/P 
 Chronic and acute wounds 

Novachor (2021) 
 Fresh chorion membrane wound covering in which viable cells, growth factors/cytokines, and ECM proteins in the native tissue are preserved. 
 361 HCT/P 
 Chronic and acute wounds 

Apligraf (1998) 
 Bioengineered living cell therapy that contains two living cell types, keratinocytes, and fibroblasts, that produce a broad spectrum of cytokines and growth factors 
 PMA 
 VLUs; DFUs 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 

Product (Launch Year) 
 Description 
 Regulatory Pathway 
 Clinical Application 

Dermagraft (2001) 
 Bioengineered product with living human fibroblasts seeded on a bioabsorbable scaffold, that produces human collagen, ECM, proteins, cytokines, and growth factors 
 PMA 
 DFUs 

NuShield (2010) 
 Dehydrated placental tissue wound covering preserved to retain all layers of the native tissue including both the amnion and chorion membranes, with the epithelial layer and the spongy/intermediate layer intact 
 361 HCT/P 
 Chronic and acute wounds 

PuraPly AM (2016) 
 Antimicrobial barrier comprised of purified native collagen matrix with broad-spectrum polyhexamethylene biguanide, or PHMB, antimicrobial agent. Line extensions include PuraPly XT, which contains additional layers of collagen matrix and a higher level of PHMB. Extra-fenestrated (EF) versions of the products allow for added conformability and fluid drainage. 
 510(k) 
 Chronic and acute wounds (except 3 rd degree burns) 

Launched by NuTech Medical; acquired by Organogenesis in 2017. 
 Launched by Smith Nephew; acquired by Organogenesis in 2014. 
 Affinity Novachor 
 Affinity Novachor are fresh, amnion chorion allograft wound coverings for application in the care of chronic and acute wounds. We believe both products are one of only a few placental tissue products containing viable amniotic cells, and are unique in that they undergo our proprietary AlloFresh process that hypothermically stores the products in their fresh state, never dried or frozen, which retains their native benefits and structure. Regulated as human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based product, or HCT/P, under Section 361 of the PHSA, these products are referred to as Section 361 HCT/Ps, or simply 361 HCT/Ps. Affinity was launched in 2014 by NuTech Medical and acquired by us in 2017. Novachor was launched in December 2021. 
 Apligraf 
 Apligraf is a bioengineered bi-layered skin substitute that is the only product that has, to date, received PMA approval for the treatment of both VLUs and DFUs. Launched in 1998, Apligraf drives faster healing and more complete wound closure through its tissue-engineered structure, which includes an outer layer of protective skin cells (human epidermal keratinocytes), and an inner layer of cells (human dermal fibroblasts) contained within a collagen matrix. Apligraf is the leading skin substitute product for the treatment of VLUs, and its effectiveness has been established based on an extensive clinical history with over one million units shipped. We believe Apligraf is also the first and only wound-healing therapy to demonstrate in a randomized controlled trial, or RCT, a significant change in patients VLU wound tissue, showing a shift from a non-healing gene profile to a healing profile. Apligraf plays an active role in healing by providing the wound with living human skin cells, growth factors and other proteins produced by the cells, and a collagen matrix. 
 Dermagraft 
 Dermagraft is a dermal substitute grown from human dermal fibroblasts and has received PMA approval for the treatment of DFUs. Launched in 2001 by Smith Nephew and acquired by us in 2014, this product helps to restore the compromised wound bed to facilitate healing. The living cells in Dermagraft produce many of the same proteins and growth factors that support the healing response in healthy skin. In addition to an FDA-monitored RCT demonstrating its superiority to conventional therapy in the healing of 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 DFUs, studies based on real-world electronic health records and Medicare data have demonstrated its superior clinical efficacy and value as compared to competitive wound care products and conventional therapy. Dermagraft can be applied weekly (up to eight times) over a twelve-week period and does not need to be removed from the wound during this period because it contains a temporary mesh fabric that is dissolvable and becomes part of the body s own healing processes. Manufacturing of Dermagraft was suspended in the fourth quarter of 2021 and sales of Dermagraft were suspended in the second quarter of 2022 as part of our plan to transition our Dermagraft manufacturing to a new manufacturing facility or engage a third-party manufacturer, which we expect will result in substantial long-term cost savings. In the period when Dermagraft is not available, we expect that customers will be willing to substitute Apligraf for Dermagraft and that the suspension of Dermagraft sales will not have a material impact on our net revenue. 
 NuShield 
 NuShield is a dehydrated placental tissue wound covering and surgical barrier that is topically or surgically applied to the target tissue to support native healing. Regulated as a 361 HCT/P, NuShield is processed using our proprietary LayerLoc process, which preserves the native structure of the amnion and chorion membranes, including the intermediate or spongy layer, and their native structural and regulatory proteins. NuShield is available in multiple sizes, can be used as a wound covering to help support native healing of chronic and acute wounds of many sizes, and can be stored at room temperature with a five-year shelf life. NuShield was launched in 2010 by NuTech Medical and acquired by us in 2017. 
 PuraPly Antimicrobial 
 PuraPly Antimicrobial, or PuraPly AM, was developed to address the challenges posed by bioburden and excessive inflammation in the wound. Functioning as an antimicrobial barrier skin substitute, PuraPly AM is a purified native porcine type I collagen matrix embedded with polyhexamethylene biguanide, or PHMB, a localized broad-spectrum antimicrobial. PuraPly AM was launched in 2016 and has received 510(k) clearance for the management of multiple wound types, including partial and full-thickness wounds, pressure ulcers, venous ulcers, diabetic ulcers, chronic vascular ulcers, tunneled/undermined wounds, surgical wounds, trauma wounds, draining wounds, and first- and second-degree burns. The combination of PHMB with a native collagen matrix helps manage bioburden while supporting healing across a wide variety of wound types, regardless of severity or duration. Line extensions include PuraPly XT, which contains additional layers of collagen matrix and a higher level of PHMB. Extra-fenestrated (EF) versions of the products allow for added conformability and fluid drainage. We also developed and received 510(k) clearance for PuraPly without PHMB, which we refer to as PuraPly, including PuraPly MZ, for those patients who do not require an antimicrobial agent. 
 Surgical Sports Medicine 
 In the Surgical Sports Medicine market, we focus on the development and commercialization of products that support the healing of surgical/acute wounds, and musculoskeletal injuries including tendon repair and chronic degenerative conditions such as 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 OA. Our products in this market are used predominantly in the inpatient and outpatient hospital and ASC settings. The table below summarizes the principal products in our Surgical Sports Medicine product suite: 

Product (Launch Year) 
 Description 
 Regulatory Pathway 
 Clinical Application 

NuShield (2010) 
 Dehydrated placental tissue barrier membrane preserved to retain all layers of the native tissue including both the amnion and chorion membranes, with the epithelial layer and the spongy/intermediate layer intact 
 361 HCT/P 
 Barrier membrane to support repair of tendon, ligament, and other soft tissue injuries 

Affinity (2014) 
 Fresh amniotic membrane wound covering in which viable cells, growth factors/cytokines, and ECM proteins in the native tissue are preserved 
 361 HCT/P 
 Wound covering for acute surgical wounds 

Novachor (2021) 
 Fresh chorion membrane wound covering in which viable cells, growth factors/cytokines, and ECM proteins in the native tissue are preserved. 
 361 HCT/P 
 Wound covering for acute surgical wounds 

PuraPly AM (2016) 
 Purified native collagen matrix with broad-spectrum PHMB antimicrobial agent. Line extensions include PuraPly XT, which contains additional layers of collagen matrix and a higher level of PHMB. Extra-fenestrated (EF) versions of the products allow for added conformability and fluid drainage. 
 510(k) 
 Antimicrobial barrier for management of open wounds in the surgical setting 

PuraForce (2019) 
 PuraForce is a bioengineered porcine collagen surgical matrix for use in soft tissue reinforcement applications that is intended for 510(k) indications for the reinforcement of all tendons in the body. PuraForce has high biomechanical strength per unit thickness, making it ideal for extremities applications. We commercially launched this product in 2019 
 510(k) 
 Indicated for the reinforcement of soft tissues repaired by sutures or suture anchors during tendon repair surgery 

PuraPly MZ (2022) 
 PuraPly MZ is a micronized particulate version of PuraPly that allows application in powder or gel form to deep and tunneling wounds. PuraPly MZ is intended for indications for the management of open wounds in the surgical setting. 
 510(k) 
 Chronic and acute wounds (except 3 rd degree burns) 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 

NuShield, Affinity, Novachor, PuraPly AM, PuraForce, and PuraPly MZ 
 We market our NuShield product for surgical and orthopedic applications. NuShield may be used as a surgical barrier or as an on-lay or wrap barrier to support soft tissue repairs. When used as a barrier membrane, the native biological characteristics of this placental tissue may help support the healing of soft tissue defects, particularly in difficult-to-heal locations or challenging patient populations. We market our Affinity and Novachor products as wound coverings for acute surgical wounds and our PuraPly AM product as an antimicrobial barrier for the management of open wounds in the surgical setting. PuraForce is a bioengineered porcine collagen surgical matrix for use in soft tissue reinforcement applications. PuraPly MZ is a micronized particulate version of PuraPly that allows application in powder or gel form for the management of open wounds in the surgical setting. 
 Bone Allograft Products 
 Our bone allograft products, which are derived from donated human cadaveric bone, include FiberOS and OCMP. Each of these products is used as a bone void filler, primarily in orthopedic and neurosurgical applications requiring bony fusion, such as spinal fusions and foot and ankle fusions. FiberOS is a blend of demineralized cortical fibers, mineralized cortical powder, and demineralized cortical powder and OCMP is a freeze-dried allograft cancellous (spongy or mesh-like) and demineralized cortical mixture. 
 Product Pipeline 
 We have a robust pipeline of products under development for both the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets. We believe our pipeline efforts will deepen our comprehensive portfolio of offerings as well as allow us to address additional clinical applications. The following table summarizes our pipeline products and potential timeline for their commercial launch: 

PuraPly and PuraPlyAM Line Extensions 
 The PuraPly portfolio is comprised of a purified native collagen matrix. PuraPly AM is an antimicrobial barrier leveraging the purified native collagen matrix with broad-spectrum PHMB antimicrobial agent. The design objective of line extensions in development is to leverage our knowledge and expertise to develop products to specifically meet the needs of additional sites of care. 
 Placental Portfolio Expansion 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have placental products under development. The design objective is to develop a larger graft with a long shelf life stored at room temperature to meet the needs of the surgical wound market. 
 Our R D team continues to research and develop additional product concepts from our placental technology platform, as well as to collaborate with our Business Development team to assess additional product in-licensing or acquisition opportunities. 
 Apligraf and Dermagraft Line Extensions 
 We have two development projects underway to develop additional sizes of Apligraf and Dermagraft. The objective is to develop at least one additional smaller size of each product to optimize clinical utilization for smaller wounds such as DFUs. These types of changes to living cell-based products require significant development and validation work, and will require FDA PMA Supplement approval for the changes. Therefore, we expect the duration of the development projects to be several years before commercial products will be available. Manufacturing of Dermagraft line extensions is dependent on the completion of manufacturing and supply capabilities for the product. 
 FortiShield 
 FortiShield is a biosynthetic wound matrix made from a semi-permeable silicone membrane bonded to a kitted nylon fabric and coated with collagen, to provide a flexible dressing that is designed to adhere to the application site, provide a barrier to the external environment, and allow for excess exudate drainage. FortiShield is intended for use as a temporary wound covering, and to provide a moist wound healing environment on cleanly debrided wounds after hemostasis has been established. The primary indication for the product is as a transitional wound matrix for second degree burns. There are additional chronic and acute wound applications. A 510(k) application has been filed, and FDA has requested additional testing which is under review by the agency. If the product receives 510(k) clearance, we plan to commercially launch it for acute and chronic wound applications. This is also dependent on the completion of manufacturing and supply capabilities for the product. 
 TransCyte 
 TransCyte is a bioengineered tissue scaffold that promotes burn healing, and has received PMA approval for the treatment of deep second- and third-degree burns. We acquired the product from Shire, and it was previously marketed by Smith Nephew. TransCyte complements our portfolio to address all severities of burn wounds. TransCyte is a flexible, durable product that provides bioactive dermal components, an outer protective barrier, increased re-epithelialization and pain relief for patients suffering from burns. We believe TransCyte will address a sizable market opportunity with limited competition, with only two other PMA approved products that would be directly competitive to TransCyte currently on the market, and only one competitor product containing a biosynthetic barrier to protect wounds. We conducted a clinical experience program with burn surgeons in 2022 with a limited supply of product manufactured at the closed La Jolla facility. Full launch is dependent on the completion of manufacturing capabilities. 
 ReNu 
 ReNu is a cryopreserved suspension derived from human amniotic tissue and cells derived from amniotic fluid, formulated for office use. It has been used to support healing of soft tissues, particularly in degenerative conditions such as OA and joint and tendon injuries such as tendinosis and fasciitis. The initial target indication for ReNu is for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. A clinical study of ReNu for knee OA has been published, which we believe may indicate signs of its safety and suggest potential efficacy for a period of more than a year. On May 31, 2021, we suspended commercial distribution of ReNu in connection with the end of the FDA s enforcement grace period for certain products that previously were marketed as 361 HCT/Ps. We are continuing to conduct clinical studies of ReNu to support BLA approval for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA, and are in the planning stages to conduct clinical studies of ReNu to support the management of symptoms associated with Hip OA. We believe ReNu may have potential as a treatment for additional OA and tissue regeneration applications, which would need to be clinically evaluated further before any such approved uses. ReNu was launched in 2015 by NuTech Medical and acquired by us in 2017. 
 Ongoing Clinical Studies 
 We believe gathering robust and comprehensive clinical and real-world outcomes data is an essential component of developing a competitive product portfolio and driving further penetration in the markets where we compete. We have three ongoing prospective trials and six comparative effectiveness studies. We continue to invest in generating clinical data for our Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products, and believe such data enhance sales efforts with physicians and reimbursement dynamics with payers over time. The tables below summarize the status of our recent clinical studies for our Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products. As used herein, p value is a measure of statistical significance. The lower the p value, the more likely it is that the results of a clinical trial or study are statistically significant rather than an experimental anomaly. Generally, to be considered statistically significant, such results must have a p value 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Advanced Wound Care 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Sports Medicine 

Selected Published Clinical Studies 
 PuraPly AM 
 In a published prospective, multicenter, cohort study of 307 patients on the use of PuraPly AM in cutaneous wounds including acute and chronic wounds, 52, 62, and 73 of all wounds achieved closure at week 20, 26, and 32 respectively, with a median time to wound closure of 17 weeks. The wounds studied included 67 (22 venous leg ulcers, 62 (20 diabetic foot ulcers, 45 (15 pressure ulcers, 54 (18 post-surgical wounds, and 79 (26 other wounds. For all 307 wounds, the incidence of achieving greater than a 60 reduction in baseline area and depth was 81 and 71 respectively. In addition, the incidence of wounds demonstrating greater than a 75 reduction in baseline volume was 85 . 
 Two subgroup analyses from the PuraPly AM multicenter, cohort study of 307 patients were published. In the venous leg ulcer (n=67) cohort, wound closure frequencies were 33 , 42 , 45 , 53 , and 73 at weeks 8, 12, 16, 24, and 32, respectively. The median time to closure was 22 weeks. Incidences of achieving a greater than 60 reduction in baseline area and depth were 78 and 70 , respectively, with 87 showing a reduction of greater than 75 in volume. 
 In the pressure injury (n=45) cohort, wound closure frequencies were 5 , 39 , 49 , and 62 at weeks 4, 16, 24, and 32 weeks, respectively. The median time to wound closure for all wounds was 32 weeks. Incidences of achieving a greater than 60 reduction in baseline area and depth were 78 and 64 , respectively, with approximately 82 of wounds showing a reduction in volume greater than 75 . 
 Affinity 
 In a published randomized controlled clinical trial of Affinity for use in diabetic foot ulcers comparing the use of Affinity and the standard of care (n=38) to the use of the standard of care alone (n=38), 60 of wounds in the Affinity and standard of care group achieved wound closure at 12 weeks compared to 38 of wounds in the standard of care group (p=0.04) and 63 of wounds in the Affinity and standard of care group achieved wound closure at 16 weeks compared to 38 of wounds in the standard of care group (p=0.04). In addition: 82 of wounds in the Affinity and standard of care group achieved a greater than 60 reduction in wound area as compared to 58 of wounds in the standard of care group (p=0.02); 65 of wounds in the Affinity and standard of care group achieved a greater than 60 reduction in wound depth as compared to 39 in the standard of care group (p=0.04); and 81 of wounds in the Affinity and standard of care group achieved a greater than 75 reduction in wound volume as compared to 58 in the standard of care group. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NuShield 
 In a published clinical study of clinical experience using NuShield for the management of 50 wounds (VLUs (n=14), DFUs (n=24) and other wounds (n=12)), 45 (90 of the wounds had wound closure percentages between 60 to 100 . The median time to complete wound closure (or healing) for all wounds was 102 days (14.6 weeks), and the percent healing rate of all wounds healed at 16 and 24 weeks was 56 and 73 , respectively. For DFUs treated with NuShield, the median time to healing was 120 days (17.1 weeks) and the percent healing rates at 16 and 24 weeks were 43 and 59 , respectively. For VLUs treated with NuShield, the median time to healing was 90 days (12.9 weeks), with percent healing rates of 56 and 85 at 16 and 24 weeks, respectively. For all other wounds treated with NuShield (including pressure ulcers, nonhealing surgical, ischemic, mixed etiology, and nonhealing amputation), the median time to healing was 48 days (6.9 weeks), with percent healing rates of 57 and 100 at 16 and 24 weeks, respectively. 
 ReNu 
 In a 200-patient randomized controlled multicenter single-blind study comparing the treatment of knee OA symptoms with ReNu (n=68), a commercially available hyaluronic acid, or HA (n=64), and saline (n=68), patients treated with ReNu reported a clinically meaningful and statistically significant reduction in Visual Analogue Scale VAS pain and higher OMERACT-OARSI responder rate at 12 months follow-up compared to patients treated with HA or saline. Pain was also evaluated using the Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score KOOS Pain score, and ReNu resulted in a statistically greater improvement in pain compared to HA at both 3 and 6 months. 
 
 A 474-patient Phase 3 prospective, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study is underway to evaluate the efficacy of ReNu (Amniotic Suspension Allograft, ASA for the treatment of symptomatic knee OA (NCT04636229). Patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive a single intra-articular (IA) injection of 2 mL of ASA (plus 2 mL of normal saline) or 4 mL of normal saline. The primary efficacy endpoint has been defined as the difference in change from baseline in WOMAC Pain scale at 6 months between ASA- and placebo-treated patients. The design and statistical methodology of the current Phase III multi-center trial were informed and optimized based on the results of the 200 patient study. In March 2023, we reported the positive outcome of a pre-specified interim analysis of the data from 50 of the 474 required patients in our Phase 3 clinical trial for management of symptoms associated with knee OA that focused on the 6-month primary endpoint for sample size re-estimation. Based on the interim analysis, the independent data monitoring committee DMC recommended that the trial proceed without modification and continue without change to sample size. The DMC also found the safety data to be consistent with the known safety profile for ReNu. 

17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TransCyte 
 In a published study of the safety and efficacy of TransCyte for the treatment of partial thickness burns, the mean timing to achieve greater than 90 wound epithelialization was 11 days for patients treated with TransCyte as compared to 18 days for patients treated with silver sulfadiazine cream (p=0.002). 
 Previously Published Clinical Studies for FDA-Approved Products 
 We also have accumulated a significant body of clinical evidence demonstrating the efficacy of our FDA-approved products, Apligraf and Dermagraft. We continue to invest in generating similar data for other Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products, and believe such data enhance sales efforts with physicians and reimbursement dynamics with payers over time. Our product Apligraf is the only product that has obtained FDA approval for the treatment of both VLUs and DFUs. Our product Dermagraft has also received FDA approval for DFUs. Below is a summary of the primary data supporting each product, and a description of the clinical studies that are currently in progress. As used herein, p value is a measure of statistical significance. The lower the p value, the more likely it is that the results of a clinical trial or study are statistically significant rather than an experimental anomaly. Generally, to be considered statistically significant, such results must have a p value 
 Apligraf 
 Two pivotal studies were initially conducted with Apligraf demonstrating the safety and efficacy of the product in the treatment of full- and partial-thickness VLUs and DLUs. As a result, Apligraf obtained FDA approval for these indications. We have conducted a number of additional studies that provide further clinical evidence of the safety and efficacy of the product, including recent comparative effectiveness, cost effectiveness, and mechanism of action studies. 
 Pivotal FDA Registration Trials 
 For the DFU indication, a multi-center prospective RCT of Apligraf for the treatment of DFUs versus standard of care was conducted. Two hundred eight patients with Type 1 and 2 diabetes were enrolled, who had a plantar DFU of full- or partial-thickness. Patients with a chronic wound that exhibited less than 30 healing prior to treatment were eligible for the clinical trial. All patients ulcers were off-loaded using either crutches or a wheelchair for the first six weeks, followed by customized pressure-relieving footwear for at least four weeks post closure. Mean ulcer size was 2.97 cm 2 and 2.83 cm 2 in the Apligraf and the control group, respectively. The mean duration of the ulcer was 12 months in the Apligraf group and 11 months in the control group. 
 Apligraf was significantly more effective than conventional therapy for the incidence of complete wound closure over time. By 12 weeks of treatment, 56 (63 of 112 patients) of DFUs treated with Apligraf plus conventional therapy (debridement, saline dressings, total off-loading) were 100 closed, compared to 38 (36 of 96 subjects) of ulcers treated with conventional therapy alone p =.0042). The median time to 100 wound closure was 65 days for DFUs treated with Apligraf plus conventional therapy versus 90 days for ulcers treated with conventional therapy alone p =.0026). 
 Recurrence is an important measure of healing durability, and in the study, 96 of ulcers treated with Apligraf remained closed at six months versus 87 in the control group. An important outcome of the study was an observed reduction in the incidence of reported adverse events of osteomyelitis and amputations/resections. Patients receiving Apligraf had a statistically significant p 

Incidence of 100 Wound Closure 
 Median Time to 100 Wound Closure 

18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Reduction in Osteomyelitis and Amputation / Resection 

For the VLU pivotal trial, the efficacy of Apligraf was evaluated in a prospective, parallel-group, randomized, controlled, multi-center study involving 240 patients with VLUs. Subjects receiving Apligraf in combination with compression therapy were compared with an active treatment concurrent control of zinc paste gauze and compression therapy. Apligraf plus compression therapy was more effective in achieving complete wound closure by week 24 (57 vs 40 , p =.022). In patients with long-standing VLUs with greater than one year s duration (n=120), Apligraf plus compression therapy was more than twice as effective in achieving complete wound closure by week 24 (47 vs 19 , p =.002). The primary results of the study are presented in the figures below. 
 All Patients Achieving 100 Closure 

Comparative Effectiveness and Economic Studies 
 We conducted four comparative effectiveness studies with Apligraf utilizing our proprietary access to data collected in Net Health s Wound Expert Electronic Medical Record, or EMR, database. Net Health s wound care software is utilized by more than 1,000 wound care centers across the United States. In collaboration with statistical experts and leading clinicians, we analyzed outcomes of treatment with Apligraf versus other skin substitutes including EpiFix (owned by MiMedx), Theraskin (owned by Bioventus, Inc.), Oasis (owned by Smith Nephew), and Primatrix (Owned by Integra). All four studies showed that Apligraf improved overall healing rates as well as time to healing. For example, patients treated with Apligraf showed a 53 relative improvement in healing over patients treated with EpiFix at 24 weeks. All four studies have been published in peer-reviewed journals. 
 The Analysis Group, a private economics consulting firm, conducted a study to evaluate the economic outcomes of Medicare patients receiving Apligraf and Dermagraft, assessing the real-world medical services utilization and associated costs compared to patients receiving conventional care. Data for 502 matched Apligraf and conventional care patient pairs and 222 matched Dermagraft and conventional care patient pairs were analyzed. Increased costs associated with outpatient service utilization relative to matched conventional care patients were offset by lower amputation rates, fewer days hospitalized and fewer emergency department visits among Apligraf and Dermagraft patients. Consequently, Apligraf and Dermagraft patients with DFUs had per-patient average healthcare costs during the 18-month follow-up period that were lower than their respective matched conventional care counterparts (Apligraf was 5,253 p =0.49), lower per patient, while Dermagraft was 6,991 p =0.84) lower). These findings suggest that use of Apligraf and Dermagraft for treatment of DFU may lower overall medical costs through reduced utilization of costly healthcare services. 
 Mechanism of Action Clinical Study 
 To elucidate the mechanisms through which Apligraf promotes healing of chronic VLUs, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine Department of Dermatology Cutaneous Surgery conducted an RCT in which 24 patients with non-healing VLUs were treated with either standard of care (compression therapy) or Apligraf together with standard of care. Tissue biopsies were collected 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 from the VLU edge before and one week after treatment, and the samples underwent a comprehensive analysis of gene expression and protein analyses. The analyses conducted suggest that Apligraf induced a shift from a non-healing to a healing tissue response, involving modulation of inflammatory and growth factor signaling, keratinocyte activation, and attenuation of signaling involved in the chronic ulcer impaired state. In these ways, Apligraf application orchestrated a shift from the chronic non-healing ulcer microenvironment to a distinctive healing milieu resembling that of an acute, healing wound. 
 Dermagraft 
 Dermagraft was approved as a Class III medical device for the treatment of DFUs based on the results of a large pivotal clinical trial. Three hundred fourteen patients were enrolled in a prospective RCT to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Dermagraft in conjunction with conventional therapy compared to a control arm of conventional therapy alone. Conventional therapy involved the sharp debridement and cleaning of the ulcer, application of a wet-to-dry gauze, and the use of therapeutic, pressure-reducing footwear. Patients were eligible to be screened for the trial if they had a plantar DFU on the heel or forefoot that was greater than 1cm 2 and less than 20cm 2 . At the screening visit, the patients began receiving conventional therapy. If the DFU had not decreased in size by more than 50 during the next two weeks and the patient met all other inclusion and exclusion criteria, the patient was randomized into one of two treatment groups: Dermagraft plus conventional therapy or conventional therapy alone. Patients in the Dermagraft group received a weekly application of Dermagraft and conventional therapy for up to eight weeks. The primary endpoint for the trial was superiority in complete DFU closure by 12 weeks. 
 Pivotal FDA Registration Trial 
 In the pivotal clinical trial, the weekly application of Dermagraft and conventional therapy for up to eight weeks increased the proportion of DFUs that achieved 100 closure at 12 weeks by 64 , when compared to the use of conventional therapy alone. Patients treated in the Dermagraft group were 1.7 times more likely to achieve 100 closure than patients receiving conventional therapy alone. These results demonstrated statistically significant improvements. The incidence of adverse events among the Dermagraft and control groups was generally consistent across both groups, with the most common adverse events being infection at the DFU site, infection not at the DFU site, accidental injury and skin dysfunction/blister. However, the percentage of patients who developed an infection at the DFU site was significantly lower in the Dermagraft treatment group as compared with the control group, 10.4 versus 17.9 , respectively. No adverse laboratory findings were associated with the use of Dermagraft and no adverse device effects were reported in the trial. In addition, no immunological responses or rejections from patients that received Dermagraft were reported in this trial or in patients treated to date. The primary healing data for the trial is presented in the figure below. 
 Percent of Patients with Complete Healing by 12 Weeks 

In a post-hoc analysis, it was determined that in patients treated with Dermagraft, there was a significant reduction in incidence of amputations or bone resections, as compared to the control group (12.6 versus 5.5 , respectively, p=0.031). No adverse laboratory findings were associated with the use of Dermagraft and no adverse device effects were reported in the trial. In addition, no 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 immunological responses or rejections from patients that received Dermagraft were reported in this trial or in patients treated to date. The amputation or bone resection data is presented in the figure below. 
 Frequency of Patients Experiencing a Study Ulcer-Related Amputation or 
 Bone Resection at 12 Weeks 

Comparative Effectiveness and Economic Studies 
 We have conducted three comparative effectiveness studies with Dermagraft, which utilizes our proprietary access to data collected in the EMR database. In collaboration with statistical experts and leading clinicians, we analyzed outcomes of treatment with Dermagraft versus other skin substitutes including EpiFix (owned by MiMedx), Primatrix (owned by Integra), and Grafix (owned by Smith Nephew). All three studies showed that Dermagraft improved overall healing rates as well as time to healing. In one study, patients treated with Dermagraft showed a 52 relative improvement in healing over EpiFix by week 24. 
 The economic study of Dermagraft in a Medicare population conducted by the Analysis Group is described under the heading Our Products Previously Published Clinical Studies for FDA-Approved Products Apligraf Comparative Effectiveness and Economic Studies above. 
 Platform Technologies 
 Our proven research and development capabilities and established technology platforms support a robust and adaptable product pipeline for future applications. The platform technologies in which we have deep experience include: 
 Bioengineered Cultured Cellular Products: The development and production of bioengineered cultured cellular products have been a core competency of Organogenesis since its founding. Our Apligraf, Dermagraft, and TransCyte products all draw from our expertise in this area. 

Collagen Biomaterial Technology Platform: Our porcine collagen biomaterial technology platform incorporates proprietary tissue cleaning processes and allows us to bioengineer products for specific applications by controlling thickness, strength, and remodeling rates. We currently hold 510(k) clearances for a number of products in this platform with indications ranging from tendon reinforcement to plastic surgery and general surgery applications. 

Placental-Based Products: Our placental-based products are based on significant expertise in the processing of placental tissues and fluids to yield products with desirable characteristics. We have expertise using the full array of available tissue types and multiple processing methodologies, including our proprietary AlloFresh and LayerLoc processing methods. Our proprietary AlloFresh process hypothermically stores our Affinity product in its fresh state, never dried or frozen, which retains its native benefits and structure. Our proprietary LayerLoc process preserves the native structure of the amnion and chorion membranes, optimized to provide excellent strength, flexibility, and handling. 

Antimicrobial Technology: Our Polyhexamethylene Biguanide (PHMB) antimicrobial technology provides clinical and competitive advantage for multiple wound indications. PHMB is a broad-spectrum effective antimicrobial that prevents 

21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 biofilm reformation. We have developed multiple product versions incorporating PHMB that have demonstrated clinical benefit to control bioburden and support wound healing when used following wound debridement. 

Commercial Infrastructure 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We have dedicated substantial resources to establish a multi-faceted sales capability in the United States. Our current Advanced Wound Care portfolio is sold throughout the United States via an experienced direct sales force, which focuses its efforts on wound care in various sites of care. We use a mix of direct sales representatives and independent agencies to service the Surgical Sports Medicine market. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 360 direct sales representatives and approximately 150 independent agencies who have substantial medical device sales experience in our target end markets. These sales representatives are supported by teams of professionals focused on sales management, sales operations and effectiveness, ongoing training, analytics, and marketing. 
 We have historically focused our market development and commercial activities in the United States, but we have obtained marketing registrations, developed commercial and distribution capabilities, and are currently selling products in several countries outside of the United States. Our Apligraf product is currently distributed by our direct sales force in Switzerland, and through independent sales agents in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. Our NuShield product is also distributed by our direct sales force in Switzerland, and through independent sales agents in Kuwait. We have obtained marketing registration for our Dermagraft product in Mexico, but we are not currently distributing it. Additionally, we are evaluating the regulatory pathways and market potential for our products in other major markets, including the European Union. Sales generated by our direct sales forces in the United States have represented, and we anticipate will continue to represent, a majority of our revenues. 
 Customer Support Services 
 We offer our customers in-house customer support services, including services provided by our experienced reimbursement support team, our medical and technical support team, and our field-based medical science liaison team. We believe that we have a competitive advantage by providing these essential support services in-house in that we are able to align the support services closely with our sales efforts as appropriate and improve the customer s overall experience. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development team has extensive experience in developing regenerative medicine products, and works to design products that are intended to improve patient outcomes, simplify techniques, shorten procedures, reduce hospitalization and rehabilitation times, and, as a result, reduce costs. We conduct research and development activities at our laboratory facilities in Canton, MA, Birmingham, AL, and San Diego, CA. We have recruited and retained staff with significant experience and skills, gained through both industry experience and training at leading colleges and universities with regenerative medicine graduate programs. In addition to our internal staff, our external network of development labs, testing labs, and expert clinicians aid us in our research and development process. We continue to build our clinical operations capabilities to effectively run multiple concurrent multicenter clinical trials, including trials intended for FDA regulatory submissions (e.g. BLA). We have significant regulatory affairs capabilities to prepare and manage our regulatory submissions for product approvals. 
 The majority of our product portfolio, including Apligraf, our PuraPly product family, our collagen biomaterial technology platform product family, and all of our placental-based products, was developed by our research and development team at our three facilities. We have proven competencies to bring products to market via a broad range of regulatory classifications, as evidenced by FDA approval or clearance of our products via PMA approval of a Class III medical device; BLA approval of a biologics product; and 510(k) clearance of a Class II medical device, in addition to our 361 HCT/P allograft products and several products for which we have obtained international registrations. 
 Manufacturing and Suppliers 
 We manufacture internally our primary non-placental-based products and use third-party manufacturers for our placental-based products. We have significant expansion capabilities in our in-house manufacturing facilities and we believe that our contract manufacturers are well positioned to support future expansion. 
 We have robust internal compliance processes to maintain the high quality and reliability of our products. We use annual internal audits, combined with external audits by regulatory agencies to monitor our quality control practices. We are registered with the FDA as a medical device manufacturing establishment and a HCT/P registered establishment. We are also accredited by the 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 American Association of Tissue Banks AATB and licensed with several states per their tissue banks regulations. All of our contract manufacturers are registered with the FDA as HCT/P establishments and are AATB accredited. 
 We utilize third-party raw material suppliers to support our internal manufacturing processes. We select all of our suppliers through a rigorous process to ensure high quality and reliability with the capacity to support our expanding production levels. Only raw material from approved suppliers is used in the manufacture of our products. To confirm quality and identify any risks, our approved suppliers are audited at pre-determined intervals. Historically, we have not experienced any significant difficulty locating and obtaining the suppliers or materials necessary to fulfill our production requirements. In the first quarter of 2019, however, we suspended production of our product Affinity due to production issues at one of our suppliers. As this was our sole supplier of Affinity, it resulted in a disruption of our production capabilities. We identified an alternate supplier and were able to resume commercial-scale production in the second quarter of 2020. Subsequently, we have added a second source to provide additional capacity and redundancy in supply. 
 The manufacture of our products is dependent on the availability of sufficient quantities of source tissue, which is the primary component of our products. Source tissue includes donated human tissue, porcine tissue, and bovine tissue. We acquire donated human tissue directly through institutional review board-approved protocols at multiple hospitals, as well as through tissue procurement firms engaged by us or by our contract manufacturers. We have two qualified porcine tissue suppliers, and currently one source of bovine tissue. Our processing of these tissues is, and our supplier sources are required to be, compliant with applicable FDA current Good Tissue Practice, or cGTP, regulations, AATB standards, and U.S. Department of Agriculture, or USDA, requirements. 
 
 Reimbursement 
 Overview 
 Our customers primarily consist of hospitals, wound care centers, government facilities, ASCs, and physician offices, all of which rely on coverage and reimbursement for our products by Medicare, Medicaid, and other third-party payers. Governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, typically have published and defined coverage criteria and published reimbursement rates for medical products, services, and procedures that are established by law or regulation. Non-government payers have their own coverage criteria and often negotiate payment rates for medical products, services, and procedures. Many also require prior authorization as a prerequisite to coverage. In addition, in the United States, an increasing percentage of insured individuals are receiving their medical care through managed care programs, which monitor utilization and also may require prior authorization for the products and services that a member receives. Coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial payers are not assured and are subject to change. 
 Medicare, the federally funded program that provides healthcare coverage for senior citizens and people with disabilities, is the largest third-party payer in the United States. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS administers the Medicare program and uses Medicare Administrative Contractors MACs to process claims, develop coverage policies and make payments within designated geographic jurisdictions. CMS does not have a national coverage determination related to skin substitutes. Coverage for our products falls under the jurisdiction of the Part A/B MACs. Medicare coverage for our products is determined by each MAC for its specific jurisdiction. Currently, all the MACs, even those without published local coverage determinations LCDs ), cover our products in the outpatient hospital, physician office, and ASC settings. 
 Private payers often, but not always, follow the lead of Medicare or other governmental payers in making coverage and reimbursement determinations. Therefore, achieving favorable Medicare coverage and reimbursement can sometimes be a significant factor in obtaining favorable coverage and reimbursement for products by private payers. While most private payers currently cover Apligraf and Dermagraft, and some cover Affinity, most of those payers do not cover many of our other products, such as PuraPly, PuraPly AM, and NuShield. 
 Currently, Medicare makes a separate payment for our products when used in the physician office at a payment rate based on average sales price ASP methodology, including ASP plus 6 for some products. In the outpatient hospital and ASC settings, Medicare payment for all our products is bundled into the payment for the application procedure. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 All Medicare payment amounts, including separate payment for our products, are affected by sequestration. In 2020, legislation was enacted that temporarily discontinued the sequestration rate of 2 of the government portion, which was imposed under the Budget Control Act of 2011 BCA ); under 2 sequestration, the final payment rate for products paid based on ASP is ASP+4.3 . The sequestration began again on April 1, 2022 at a rate of 1 . Starting on July 1, 2022, the sequestration rate returned to 2 . Sequestration may also be ordered under the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 Statutory PAYGO ), which requires deficit neutrality in most laws passed by Congress. The 1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was expected to trigger Statutory PAYGO at the end of the 2021 Congressional session, but Congress has delayed a Statutory PAYGO sequestration order until after 2024. 
 The proposed update to the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule MPFS for calendar year 2023 included a proposal to stop making separate payments for all skin substitutes, including all of our products, in 2024 or 2025. Instead of making separate payment for skin substitutes, Medicare would bundle the payment for skin substitutes into the payment made for the application procedure. As part of this proposal, Medicare would consider all skin substitutes to be supplies instead of biologicals and would require manufacturers of skin substitutes, including us, to apply for new HCPCS codes that would be effective starting in 2024. In the 2023 MPFS final rule, published on November 1, 2022, CMS did not finalize this bundling proposal and will consider more public input in the future; however, they may propose the same policy again or make other proposals in the future that could affect our business and our revenue. 
 All skin substitute products administered in the hospital outpatient department and ASC settings are bundled. No skin substitute products currently have pass-through status. Pursuant to the Appropriations Act, PuraPly AM and PuraPly had pass-through status from October 1, 2018 through September 30, 2020, at which time the pass-through status expired. As of October 1, 2020, payment for PuraPly and PuraPly AM is bundled into the payment rate for the application procedure. 
 Skin Substitutes Used for Wound Care 
 All of our Advanced Wound Care products are classified as skin substitutes for Medicare reimbursement purposes. In 2014, CMS instituted bundled payments in the hospital outpatient and ASC setting for skin substitutes using a two-tier payment system. The Medicare payment system bundles payment for our products (and all skin substitutes) into the payment for the application of the skin substitute, resulting in a single payment to the provider that includes both the application of the product and the product itself. There is one bundled payment amount for procedures that involve high-cost products, i.e., products whose cost exceeds a threshold amount, and another bundled payment amount for procedures that involve low-cost products that do not meet the threshold. The bundled payment rate is updated annually and is also geographically adjusted. Currently, all of our wound care products are assigned to the high-cost bundle; it is not possible to predict, however, whether those products will continue to be assigned to the high-cost bundle or the rates that will be paid for each bundle. Further, under the bundling policy, there is an inherent incentive to use the cheapest products available, even if those products are less effective. 
 The bundled payment rates are also geographically adjusted. This geographic adjustment may result in significant payment variations among regions; sixty percent of the hospital payment rate and fifty percent of the ASC payment is adjusted to take into account the region s wage-index, which can vary widely from one region to another. The wage-index adjustment can increase or decrease the unadjusted payment amount and may result in reimbursement being insufficient to account for the cost of skin substitute products and sizes in one geographic area that are fully reimbursed in other geographic areas. 
 Medicare has signaled that it may revise its two-tiered bundled payment policy for skin substitutes. Medicare solicited comments in the calendar year 2019 proposed rule related to proposed updates and policy changes under the Medicare Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) and ASC Payment System. Medicare specifically solicited comments on whether it should eliminate the two-tiered bundle policy and establish a single bundle for all products. However, CMS has not implemented any changes to its two-tiered payment structure for skin substitutes in response to those comments. In the calendar year 2023 proposed rule, CMS did not solicit comments on changes to its two-tiered payment structure. However, if CMS finalizes any revisions to its two-tiered payment policy, those changes could result in decreased reimbursement for our products which could decrease utilization and reduce our revenues. Moreover, any new policy could result in a financial incentive for hospitals and ASCs to use our competitor s products, thereby reducing our market share and revenue. 
 In the physician office setting, payment for skin substitutes is not bundled into the payment for the administration of the product. Skin substitutes are paid separately from the application procedure and the Medicare payment rate for all biological skin substitutes (including ours) is calculated based on the ASP methodology on a per square centimeter basis with the total payment for the product being the per square centimeter ASP-based payment rate multiplied by the total number of centimeters. In the physician office setting the Medicare payment rates for all biological skin substitutes (including ours) are updated quarterly based on the ASP methodology and are not geographically adjusted. All Medicare payment amounts, including separate payment for our products, are affected by sequestration. Under the BCA, sequestration reduces by two percent the federal portion of the Medicare payment amount; the 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 beneficiary coinsurance amount of 20 percent is unaffected by sequestration. Congress had suspended sequestration during the COVID-19 public health emergency until April 1, 2022, at which time the reduction was one percent. Starting on July 1, 2022, the sequestration rate returned to two percent. 
 The ASP-based payment methodology applies only to physician offices. However, in the future, it is possible, through legislation or regulation, that Medicare will institute bundled payment for skin substitutes in the physician office setting. In fact, the proposed updates to the MPFS for calendar year 2023 included a proposal to stop making separate payment for all skin substitutes, including all of our products, in 2024 or 2025. Instead of making separate payment for skin substitutes, Medicare would bundle the payment for skin substitutes into the payment made for the application procedure. In the 2023 MPFS final rule, published on November 1, 2022, CMS did not finalize this bundling proposal and will consider more public input in the future; however, they may propose the same policy again or make other proposals in the future that could affect our business and our revenue. 
 Before calendar year 2022, Medicare did not require us to report ASP for some of our products because they are regulated by the FDA as medical devices; we voluntarily reported ASP data for most products. However, starting on April 30, 2022, we were required to report ASP for all our products because of a provision enacted in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020, signed into law on December 27, 2020. CMS does not necessarily include all products that report ASP data in the quarterly ASP file. The local Part A/B MACs establish local payment for drugs and biologics whose ASP does not appear in the quarterly ASP file. MACs have the discretion to pay for such products based on invoices submitted by providers, Wholesale Acquisition Cost WAC + 3 , or they may contact CMS to determine if there are unpublished ASP data. 
 Section 90004 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, enacted in November 2021, requires manufacturers to pay a refund to the federal government if more than a certain applicable percentage of their single-use product is not administered to a patient and is discarded wasted by providers. Because there is a lack of consistency and uniformity in wound sizes, it is likely that some skin substitute product is discarded with every treatment. Providers are only required to report discarded product when the product is paid separately (not part of a bundled payment rate.) The rebate obligation took effect on January 1, 2023, and CMS proposed a methodology to implement the rebate in the MPFS rulemaking. The applicable percentage is required to be at least 10 percent of total allowed charges for the drug in a given calendar quarter. CMS has the authority to increase the applicable percentage that applies to refunds for discarded product if there are unique circumstances . We submitted comments on the proposal noting the unique circumstances related to skin substitutes and asking CMS to apply a higher percentage. In the 2023 MPFS final rule, published on November 1, 2022, CMS did not apply a higher applicable percentage to any products other than the hydrogel example they used in the proposed rule and stated that they plan to collect additional information about products that may have unique circumstances such that an increased applicable percentage (higher than 10 percent) would apply. CMS estimated the wastage percentage for three of our products - Apligraf, Dermagraft, and PuraPly - based on 2020 data. We do not know if the refund amounts calculated in 2023 will be similar to these estimates but if they are, we may owe rebates, which could be material, on these products and possibly other products. The total amount of any discarded product rebate liability is not known at this time. 
 In the calendar year 2022 Final Rule for the MPFS, CMS established ten healthcare common procedure coding system (HCPCS), codes that describe synthetic skin substitutes, and more of these codes for synthetic skin substitutes have been established since. CMS has directed MACs to make separate payments for these codes when they are reported with the CPT codes for the application of skin substitutes. Because manufacturers of these products are not required to establish a WAC, or submit an ASP (because they are not treated as drugs or biologics by Medicare), it is likely the Part A/B MACs will pay for these products based on invoices. We do not know what effect this will have on our business or revenue. 
 Commercial insurers contract with participating providers such as hospitals, wound care centers, government facilities, ASCs, and physician offices to establish agreed-upon payment rates for items and services, including skin substitutes. Usually, these rates are in the form of a fee-schedule but sometimes there is a bundled payment rate. In many cases, the fee schedules are based on Medicare payment rates, which are bundled in hospitals and ASCs, but not in physician offices. These rates may vary by insurer, by provider and by region. 
 Medicaid coverage and payment rates and policies as to the types of providers (e.g., podiatrists) who are allowed to apply our products are determined by each state s Medicaid program. Some states may bundle Medicaid payment for skin substitutes into the payment for the application procedure, like Medicare, while other states may pay separately. State Medicaid programs may reach different conclusions regarding the medical necessity of products used in treating Medicaid patients. 
 Currently, three MACs (Novitas, FCSO, and CGS) are in the process of issuing LCDs for skin substitutes for the treatment of DFUs and VSUs. Each of the proposed LCDs has the PuraPly products listed as non-covered. We have commented on the proposed policies and are working to reverse this in the final LCDs, but if the noncoverage of the PuraPly products stands in the final LCDs, then this noncoverage could adversely impact utilization of the PuraPly products and our revenue. In addition, these proposed policies would (1) limit the number of skin substitutes that can be applied to a wound, (2) prohibit switching skin substitutes during a course of 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 treatment, and (3) would require us to get certification from the FDA that our amniotic products are solely regulated under Section 361 of the Public Health Services Act. These LCDs have only been released in draft form and we do not know if or when they might be finalized or what policies will be included in any final LCD. If any of these proposals are finalized, our business and revenue could be adversely affected. 
 Surgical Sports Medicine Products 
 Surgical Sports Medicine products administered on an inpatient basis in a hospital are reimbursed by Medicare as part of a bundled payment based on the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group MS-DRG ), to which a patient is assigned upon discharge from the hospital. MS-DRG assignment is determined according to the patient s primary diagnosis, but can also be affected by other secondary diagnoses and the provision of certain surgical procedures. Certain MS-DRGs account for complications and comorbidities, which may increase the reimbursement amount. 
 The MS-DRG payment rate is a consolidated prospective payment for all services provided by the hospital during the patient s hospitalization, based on the average cost of care calculated from Medicare claims data. With extremely few exceptions, the MS-DRG payment is inclusive of all services, products, and resources. Products administered during surgical procedures are not typically coded or paid separately when provided to a hospital inpatient. MS-DRG payments are case rates and hospitals profit when their costs for a particular patient are below the case rate and they are at risk of a loss if their costs are above the case rate. 
 Some private payers use the MS-DRG based system to reimburse facilities for inpatient services. 
 Competition 
 We operate in highly competitive markets that are subject to rapid technological change. Success in these markets depends primarily on product efficacy, ease of product use, product price, availability of coverage and adequate third-party reimbursement, customer support services for technical, clinical, and reimbursement support, and customer preference for, and loyalty to, the products. 
 We believe that the demonstrated clinical efficacy of our products, the breadth of our product portfolio, our in-house customer support services, our customer relationships and reputation offer us advantages over our competitors. In addition, we believe we are one of the few regenerative medicine companies offering PMA approved and 510(k) cleared products in addition to our 361 HCT/Ps. 
 Our products compete primarily with skin substitute products, placental-based technology products, orthobiologics products, other advanced wound care and traditional wound care products, among others. Our competitors include Amniox Medical, Inc., Arthrex, Inc., Bioventus Inc., Convatec Group Plc., Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation, MiMedx Group, Inc., Smith Nephew plc and 3M, Incorporated. 
 We also compete in the marketplace to recruit and retain qualified scientific, management and sales personnel, as well as to acquire technologies and technology licenses complementary to our products or advantageous to our business. 
 We are aware of several companies that compete, or are developing technologies, in our current and future product areas. As a result, we expect competition to remain intense. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary products that reach the market in a timely manner, receive adequate coverage and reimbursement, are cost effective, and are safe and effective. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property and operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, patents, copyright, and other intellectual property rights and measures to protect the intellectual property rights that we consider important to our business. We also rely on know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. Other than a license from Novartis Pharma AG for trademark and domain name rights to Apligraf and an exclusive license from RESORBA Medical GmbH, or Resorba, to a U.S. patent for a collagen-based wound dressing containing PHMB, we do not have any additional material licenses to any technology or intellectual property rights. Under the terms of the exclusive license from Resorba, we were obligated to make minimum royalty payments of 1.0 million in each of 2018 and 2019, and were subject to a 2.5 million minimum royalty payment in 2017, as part of an ongoing low single-digit royalty payment on net sales of PuraPly AM; the term of the license shall continue for the life of the patent, which expires in October 2026. We may also terminate the license upon written notice to Resorba in the event that (i) the patent is invalidated or (ii) we stop all activities that would require a license to the patent, and either party may terminate the license in the event of a material breach by the other party, subject to notice and an ability to cure. In addition, 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 we were obligated to make upfront and maintenance payments totaling 0.6 million at specified periods prior to April 1, 2019, including a payment of 0.2 million that was made on July 1, 2018. The license is assignable but not sub-licensable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 36 issued patents globally, of which 15 were U.S. patents. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 13 pending patent applications, of which 9 were patent applications pending in the United States. Subject to payment of required maintenance fees, annuities, and other charges, many of our issued patents are currently expected to expire between 2027 and 2042. The expiration of these patents is not expected to have a material impact on our business. In addition, many of our products, including our Apligraf, Dermagraft, and NuShield products, are not covered by our issued patents or pending patent applications. Our issued patents are drawn to the following main areas: methods of making and using cultured tissue constructs, methods for preparing multi-layer stacks of living tissue, methods for treating recessed oral gingiva using cultured tissue constructs, methods of making and using osteogenic implants comprising a placental membrane sheet, wound treatment methods using amniotic stem cell solutions and placental membrane sheets, methods of generating cartilage in a skeletal joint using placental membrane preparations, hepatocyte growth factor- and hyaluronic acid-containing compositions and methods of using such compositions, methods making placental membrane preparations comprising hyaluronic acid, methods of harvesting or proliferating human prenatal stem cells, hypothermic morselized placental membrane storage methods, uses of human amniotic fluid for treating chronic wounds and joint diseases, and adjustable debridement curette apparatuses. Our pending patent applications encompass additional areas, including wound treating methods using morselized amnion tissue and amniotic-derived cells, methods of assessing native stem cell populations using cultured isolated stem cells and reference cell sources, visco-supplement compositions and musculoskeletal inflammatory treatment methods using same, wound care treatment and methods of making and using such treatment, model systems and methods to characterize anti-inflammatory activity, and porcine collagen compositions and methods of using such compositions. Our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents and we can give no assurance that any patents that have been issued or might be issued in the future will protect our current or future products or provide us with any competitive advantage. See the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property for additional information. 
 Additionally, we own or have rights to trademarks or trade names that are used in our business and in conjunction with the sale of our products, including 10 U.S. trademark registrations and 11 foreign trademark registrations, as of December 31, 2022. 
 We also seek to protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants, and others who may have access to our proprietary information. 
 Government Regulation 
 FDA Regulation of Product Registration, Manufacture, and Promotion 
 We market medical products in the United States that have either been approved or cleared by the FDA prior to marketing, or do not require FDA premarket review. Our marketed products that have received marketing authorization from the FDA have done so under one of the following agency pathways: 510(k) clearance for a Class II medical device or approval of a PMA for a Class III medical device. These medical products are regulated by the FDA under the PHSA or the FDCA along with the FDA s implementing regulations. These federal statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the following activities that we perform or are performed on our behalf and will continue to perform or have performed on our behalf: the production, research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, packaging, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, and promotion, distribution of our products into interstate commerce, record keeping, service and surveillance, complaint handling, repair or recall of products, adverse event reporting and other field safety corrective actions. 
 FDA Regulatory Review and Approval Process 
 Unless an exemption applies or the product is a Class I device, each medical device that we market must first receive either 510(k) clearance or PMA approval from the FDA. In addition, certain modifications made to marketed devices also may require 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA supplement. We maintain necessary clearances and approvals for products derived from porcine, bovine, and human tissues that are regulated by the FDA. PuraPly, PuraPly AM, PuraPly XT, PuraPly MZ, and PuraForce are medical devices that have been cleared for marketing under a number of 510(k)s for uses such as wound dressing, intraoral barrier, and surgical mesh. We also maintain medical device approvals for the Apligraf (P950032) and Dermagraft (P000036) devices, both approved by the FDA as chronic wound treatments. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 With respect to the manufacture of medical devices and biologics, the FDA regulates and inspects equipment, facilities, laboratories, and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of products prior to providing approval to market products. After receiving approval from the FDA, additional regulatory review or inspection may be required if we make a material change in manufacturing equipment, location or process. Our manufacturing processes must comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, or QSR, for our medical device products. The QSR requires that each device manufacturer establish and implement a quality system under which the manufacturer monitors the manufacturing process and maintains records that show compliance with FDA regulations and the manufacturer s written specifications and procedures relating to the devices. Among other things, these regulations require that manufacturers establish performance requirements before production and follow requirements applicable to design controls, testing, record keeping, documentation, manufacturing standards, labeling, complaint handling, and management review. 
 Manufacturers of biologics must comply with applicable cGMP regulations, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers and others involved in the manufacture and distribution of such products also must register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Both domestic and foreign manufacturing establishments must register and provide additional information to the FDA upon their initial participation in the manufacturing process. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional preclinical studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biologic product candidate, as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product candidate in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents or of causing other adverse events with the use of biologic products, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other requirements, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency, and purity of the final biologic product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biologic product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 
 The FDA conducts periodic visits, both announced and unannounced, to re-inspect our equipment, facilities, laboratories, and processes to confirm regulatory compliance. These inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors. Following an inspection, the FDA may issue a report, known as a 483, listing instances where the manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures or, if observed violations are severe and urgent, a warning letter. If the manufacturer does not adequately respond to a 483 or warning letter, the FDA may take enforcement action against the manufacturer or impose other sanctions or consequences, which may include: 
 cease and desist orders; 

injunctions, or consent decrees; 

civil monetary penalties; 

recall, detention, or seizure of our products; 

operating restrictions, partial or total shutdown of production facilities; 

refusal of or delay in granting our requests for 510(k) clearance or PMA or BLA approval of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearance or PMA/BLA approvals that are already granted; 

refusal to grant export approval or export certificates for our products; and 

criminal prosecution. 

In addition, we must comply with medical device reporting regulations and corrections and removal reporting regulations. Medical device reporting regulations require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their devices may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. Corrections and removal reporting regulations require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health. The FDA may also order a mandatory recall if there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse health consequences or death. 
 Certain human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products, or HCT/Ps, are regulated under Section 361 of the PHSA and are referred to as Section 361 HCT/Ps or simply 361 HCT/Ps, while other HCT/Ps are subject to the FDA s regulatory requirements for medical devices and/or biologics. A product that is regulated as a 361 HCT/P may be commercially distributed without prior FDA clearance or approval. Pursuant to 21 CFR 1271.10, in order to be regulated as a 361 HCT/P, and hence exempt from premarket review, an HCT/P must be minimally manipulated, intended for homologous use, and manufactured without being combined with another article (except for water, crystalloids, or sterilizing, preserving, or storage agents). The HCT/P must also either 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 have no systemic effect and not be dependent upon the metabolic activity of living cells for its primary function or, if it has a systemic effect, be intended for autologous use, for allogeneic use in a first-degree or second-degree blood relative or for reproductive use. We believe that Affinity and NuShield generally fulfill the relevant criteria under 21 CFR 1271.10. In light of the 361 HCT/P Guidance, our labeling and marketing claims for Affinity and NuShield clarify that they are intended for use as wound coverings, and thus qualify as Section 361 HCT/Ps. However, the FDA could disagree with our conclusion and require premarket approval or clearance for Affinity, NuShield, or any placental-based sheet product we presently have or may have in the future market, which would disrupt the marketing of these products, potentially expose us to regulatory sanctions, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Section 361 HCT/Ps are subject to specific FDA regulations that include cGTPs, donor eligibility determination requirements, adverse event reporting, and advertising and labeling requirements. cGTP regulations govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of HCT/Ps, including but not limited to all steps in recovery, donor screening, donor testing, processing, storage, labeling, packaging, and distribution. 
 Before testing any biologic product candidate in humans, the product candidate must undergo preclinical testing. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, potency, toxicity, and formulation, as well as in vivo studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate and to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually must complete some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the drug in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the final drug product. 
 The clinical trial sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature, and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the Investigational New Drug Application IND ). The FDA may impose clinical holds on a biologic product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, clinical trials may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such trials. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the biologic product candidate to volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators who generally are physicians not employed by, or under, the control of the trial sponsor. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and certain amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Submission of an IND may or may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA s regulations comprising the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research subjects provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board IRB at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers items such as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject, or their legal representative, reviews and approves the trial protocol, and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap, be combined, or be bifurcated into two parts: 
 Phase 1. The biological product candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some product candidates for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product candidate may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. 

Phase 2. The biological product candidate is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product candidate for specific targeted diseases, and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage, and dosing schedule. 

Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product candidate and provide an adequate basis for product approval and labeling. In January 2021, we announced that the first patient was enrolled in the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ReNu for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. 

Post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. Sometimes approval for a product is conditional upon the completion of post-marketing clinical studies. 
 During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA, the IRB, and the investigators for: serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions; any findings from other trials; findings from animal or in vivo laboratory tests or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects; or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report as soon as possible, but in no case later than 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction as soon as possible but no later than seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. 
 The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biologic product candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA is authorized to expedite the review of BLAs in several ways. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a biologic product candidate may request the FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a Fast Track product concurrent with or after the filing of the IND. Biologic products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. In addition to other benefits, such as the ability to have greater interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track BLA before the application is complete, a process known as rolling review. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as breakthrough therapy designation, regenerative medicine advance therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval. 
 Breakthrough therapy designation. To qualify for the breakthrough therapy program, product candidates must be intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence must indicate that such product candidates may demonstrate substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over existing therapies. The FDA will seek to ensure the sponsor of a breakthrough therapy product candidate receives intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program; intensive involvement of senior managers and experienced staff on a proactive, collaborative and cross-disciplinary review; and a rolling review. 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Regenerative Medicine Advance Therapy (RMAT) designation. RMAT was introduced as a new designation under the 21st Century Cures Act for the development and review of certain regenerative medicine therapies. As set forth in section 506(g)(8) of the FDCA, the term regenerative medicine therapy is defined to include cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering products, human cell and tissue products, and combination products using any such therapies or products, except for those regulated solely under section 361 of the PHSA. To receive RMAT designation, a regenerative medicine product candidate must be intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition with preliminary clinical evidence indicating that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs. RMAT designation does not require evidence to indicate that the drug may offer a substantial improvement over available therapies, as breakthrough designation requires. Similar to breakthrough designation, an RMAT product candidate receives intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program; involvement of senior managers and experienced staff on a proactive, collaborative and cross-disciplinary review; and a rolling review. Regenerative medicine therapies that qualify for RMAT designation may also qualify for other FDA expedited programs, including Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval, and priority review designation, if they meet the criteria for such programs. In January 2021, we announced ReNu received the RMAT designation from the FDA for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. 

Accelerated approval. Drugs or biologic products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval. Accelerated approval means that a product candidate may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefits, taking into account the severity, rarity and prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biologic product candidate receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, for accelerated approval products FDA typically requires pre-dissemination submission of promotional materials to FDA for the agency s consideration. A drug approved under the accelerated approval pathway may have its approval revoked on several grounds including if a required post-approval trial fails to verify clinical benefit or does not demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit to justify the risks associated with the drug. 

Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, RMAT designation and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Post-approval Requirements 
 FDA regulation of biologic products continues after approval, particularly with respect to cGMP requirements, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Other post-approval requirements applicable to biologic products include reporting of cGMP deviations that may affect the identity, potency, purity and overall safety of a distributed product, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse effects, reporting updated safety and efficacy information and complying with electronic record and signature requirements. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant or manufacturer to administrative or judicial civil or criminal actions and adverse publicity. These actions could include refusal to approve pending applications or supplemental applications, withdrawal of an approval, clinical hold, suspension or termination of a clinical trial by an IRB, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines or other monetary penalties, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with healthcare providers, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits or other civil or criminal penalties. 
 Medical Product Marketing and Promotion 
 Advertising, marketing and promotional activities for devices and biologics are also subject to FDA oversight and must comply with the statutory standards of the FDCA, and the FDA s implementing regulations. The FDA s oversight authority review of marketing and promotional activities encompasses, but is not limited to, direct-to-consumer advertising, healthcare provider-directed advertising and promotion, sales representative communications to healthcare professionals, promotional programming and promotional activities involving electronic media. The FDA also regulates industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities that make representations regarding product safety or efficacy in a promotional context. A sponsor also must comply with the FDA s advertising and promotion requirements, such as the prohibition on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ). The FDA may take enforcement action against a company for promoting unapproved uses of a product or for other violations of its advertising and labeling laws and regulations. Enforcement actions may include product seizures, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties or regulatory letters, which may require corrective advertising or other corrective communications to healthcare professionals. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Government Advocacy 
 We engage in public policy advocacy with policymakers and continue to work to demonstrate that our therapeutic products provide value to patients and to those who pay for health care. We advocate with government policymakers to encourage a long-term approach to sustainable health care financing that ensures access to innovative medicines and does not disproportionately target FDA-regulated medical devices and biologics as a source of budget savings. In markets with historically low rates of health care spending, we encourage those governments to increase their investments and adopt market reforms in order to improve their citizens access to appropriate health care. 
 Regulations Governing Reimbursement/Fraud and Abuse 
 Within the United States, our products and our customers are subject to extensive regulation by a wide range of federal and state agencies. These agencies regulate the coverage and reimbursement of our products, and prohibit activities that might result in health care fraud and abuse against patients and insurance programs. Internationally, other governments also impose regulations in connection with their health care reimbursement programs and the delivery of health care items and services. 
 U.S. federal health care fraud and abuse laws generally apply to our activities because our products are covered under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. The principal U.S. federal health care fraud and abuse laws applicable to us and our activities include: (1) the Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits the knowing and willful offer, solicitation, payment or receipt of anything of value in order to generate business reimbursable by a federal health care program; (2) the False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of false or otherwise improper claims for payment to a federally funded health care program, including claims resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute; and (3) health care fraud statutes that prohibit false statements and fraudulent and abusive claims made to any third-party payer. 
 The Anti-Kickback Statute is particularly relevant because of its broad applicability. Specifically, the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for, or to induce, either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for or recommending a good or service for which payment may be made in whole or part under federal health care programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Depending on the circumstances, almost any financial interaction with a healthcare provider, patient or customer could implicate the Anti-Kickback Statute. Statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protect certain interactions from prosecution if all specified requirements are met. However, most safe harbors or exceptions require, among other things, fair market value exchanges. The government can exercise enforcement discretion in taking action against unprotected activities. Many types of interactions in which we commonly engage, such as customer support services, could implicate the Anti-Kickback Statute, are not protected by a safe harbor or exception and have been the subject of government scrutiny and enforcement action when not structured appropriately. If the government determines that these activities are abusive, we could be subject to enforcement action. Other companies that manufacture wound care products have been subject to government scrutiny and enforcement action. For example, in early 2017, Shire Pharmaceuticals LLC and other subsidiaries of Shire plc agreed to pay 350 million to settle federal and state False Claims Act allegations that Shire and the company that Shire acquired in 2011, Advanced BioHealing, employed kickbacks and other unlawful methods to induce clinics and physicians to use or overuse its product Dermagraft (a product we subsequently acquired). Penalties for Anti-Kickback Statute violations may include both criminal penalties such as imprisonment and civil sanctions such as fines and possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal health care programs. Exclusion would mean that our products would no longer be eligible for reimbursement under federal healthcare programs. 
 There are similar state false claims, anti-kickback, and insurance laws that apply to state-funded Medicaid and other health care programs as well as to commercial third-party payers. Insurance companies may also bring a private cause of action for treble damages against a manufacturer for a pattern of causing false claims to be filed under the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO. In addition, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, may be used to prosecute companies in the United States for arrangements with physicians, or other parties outside the United States if the physician or party is a government official of another country and the arrangement violates the laws of that country. 
 In addition to receiving scrutiny and providing potential grounds for action under the Anti-Kickback Statute, pricing, sales and marketing practices of medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturers are also subject to tightly focused regulation at the federal and state levels. Federal law and regulation, for example, establish pricing methodologies for government health insurance programs and require regular reporting of sales information to CMS in support of manufacturer price calculations. In recent years, the federal government and a growing number of states have introduced new drug price transparency requirements that can require extensive information disclosures to agencies or potential purchasers relating to drug price increases. Health care laws and regulations generally limit financial interactions between manufacturers and health care providers; require pharmaceutical and medical device companies to comply with voluntary compliance standards issued by industry associations and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government; and/or require disclosure to the government and/or public of financial interactions (so-called sunshine laws ). Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. Manufacturers must adopt reasonable interpretations of requirements if there is ambiguity and those interpretations could be 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 challenged. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our activities could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent federal and state laws and regulations. 
 The healthcare laws and regulations applicable to us, including those described above, are subject to evolving interpretations and enforcement discretion. If a governmental authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be subject to severe criminal and civil financial penalties, including, for example, exclusion from participation as a supplier of product to beneficiaries covered by Medicare or Medicaid. Any failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to reimbursement and health care goods and services could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and cash flows. To help ensure compliance with the laws and regulations governing the provision of health care goods and services, we have implemented a comprehensive compliance program based on the HHS Office of Inspector General s Seven Elements of an Effective Compliance Program. Despite our compliance program, we cannot be certain that we have always operated in full compliance with all applicable healthcare laws. 
 Our profitability and operations are subject to risks relating to changes in legislative, regulatory, and reimbursement policies and decisions as well as changes to private payer reimbursement coverage and payment decisions and policies. Implementation of further legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems in coverage or reimbursement, could significantly reduce reimbursement or result in the denial of coverage, which could have an impact on the acceptance of and demand for our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. 
 Seasonality 
 Revenues during our fourth quarter tend to be stronger than other quarters because many hospitals increase their purchases of our products during the fourth quarter to coincide with the end of their budget cycles in the United States. Satisfaction of patient deductibles through the course of the year also results in increased revenues later in the year. In general, our first quarter usually has lower revenues than the preceding fourth quarter, the second and third quarters have higher revenues than the first quarter, and the fourth quarter revenues are the highest in the year. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,030 employees worldwide. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe our employee relations are good. 
 
 In managing our business, we focus on a number of measures and objectives with respect to the attraction, development, and retention of our employees that we believe are important to our business, including diversity, communication, compensation, tenure, professional development, and health, well-being and safety: 
 We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to attract a diverse slate of candidates, including from historically underrepresented groups. We believe that diversity and inclusion in the workplace enhance employee engagement and stimulate innovation, and that people in diverse groups work better, share information more broadly and consider a wider range of views. We pride ourselves on our diverse workforce, which we believe has been and will continue to be a major contributor to our growth and innovation, and intend to continue to make diversity and inclusion a focus of our efforts regarding our workforce. 

We aim to maintain an open door culture, and encourage employees to voice their concerns, questions, suggestions and comments. We strive to foster an atmosphere where employees openly share ideas and where people are treated with dignity and respect. Our goal is to provide a productive working environment based on mutual respect and the highest level of ethical and lawful conduct. We have also established a hotline for employees to report suspected violations of law and concerns related to accounting, auditing, compliance and ethical violations. 

We provide our employees a competitive wage and evaluate our compensation programs to ensure that our employees are paid fairly for the valuable work they are doing. We are also committed to achieving internal pay equity and rewarding outstanding performance. We offer our employees competitive benefits and are proud that we have not raised employee contributions to our healthcare benefits for 7 years running. 

We aim to foster a culture where learning is continuous, and we strive to promote from within. We believe in our people and their ability to accept new responsibilities and challenges and to grow with us to contribute to our success. Growth is fostered through professional development and learning programs as well as practical experience. Employees receive regular performance reviews to support their progress and development. 

We recognize the benefits of a healthy workforce and offer our employees the opportunity to participate in wellness activities and programs throughout the year. We also support the mental health of our employees by offering Mental Health and Wellness 

33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 trainings for managers and employees. We also provide an employee assistance program for employees and their families that provides free counseling sessions and offers other resources for employees. Additionally, our healthcare benefit allows for reimbursement for fitness and weight loss programs. 

We prioritize the health and safety of our employees. Guided by an Environmental Health Safety EHS manual that is regularly reviewed, we have a dedicated EHS team, who seek to prevent and reduce workplace risks and injuries through various programs, training, projects, services, and assistance, such as ergonomic evaluation, hazard reporting, risk assessment, and first aid training. We require all work-related injuries or illnesses to be reported. This information is reviewed bi-monthly by our EHS Team and Safety Committee for analysis and trending. 

Available Information 
 Our Internet website address is http://www.organogenesis.com. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements, and, from time to time, other documents as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These SEC reports can be accessed through the Investors section of our website. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Class A common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding our Class A common stock. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. 

We have incurred significant losses in past years, and, notwithstanding our reported net income for the 2020, 2021 and 2022 fiscal years, we may incur losses in the future. 

Our success will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for the costs of our products and related services will be available from government payers, private health insurers, and other third-party payers and we do not know whether such reimbursement will be available or, if such reimbursement is available, the rate at which it will be available. The rate of reimbursement and coverage for the use of our products has been and may continue to be unstable, unpredictable and subject to changes in government and private payer policies that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Currently, not all of our products are covered by all payers. 

If Medicare reproposes and finalizes a policy to stop making separate payment for skin substitutes in calendar year 2024 or calendar year 2025, reimbursement for our products may not be adequate and our business may be negatively affected. 

If Medicare Part A/B Administrative Contractors finalize policies that non-cover some or all of our products, or limit the use of our products, our business could be adversely affected. 

Many existing and potential customers for our products are members of GPOs and/or IDNs, including accountable care organizations or public-based purchasing organizations, and our business is partly dependent on major contracts with these organizations. Cost-containment efforts of our customers, GPOs, IDNs, third-party payers, and governmental organizations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Medicare, which is the major source of revenue for most of our customers, reimburses the same amounts for most of our products and the products of our competitors targeting the same indications in the hospital outpatient setting. Because in some sites of care the reimbursement amount is not based on the cost we charge our customers for our products or the cost our competitors charge for products targeting the same indication, our customers may elect to use products cheaper than ours in order to increase their margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

As of January 1, 2022, we began reporting ASP for all our skin substitute products that are paid separately as biologics. The first such ASP report was made on April 30, 2022 for Q1 2022. If we do not report ASP or if we incorrectly report ASP, we may have to restate ASP for prior quarters or may face penalties, including statutory and regulatory sanctions. 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Section 90004 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, enacted in November 2021, requires manufacturers to pay a refund to the federal government if more than a certain applicable percentage of their single-use product is not administered to a patient and is discarded wasted by providers. Because there is a lack of consistency and uniformity in wound sizes, it is likely that some skin substitute product is discarded with every treatment. The rebate obligation took effect January 1, 2023 and CMS proposed a methodology to implement the rebate in the MPFS rulemaking. The applicable percentage is required to be at least 10 percent of total allowed charges for the drug in a given calendar quarter. CMS has the authority to increase the applicable percentage that applies to refunds for discarded product if there are unique circumstances. We submitted comments on the proposal noting the unique circumstances related to skin substitutes and asking CMS to apply a higher percentage. In the 2023 MPFS final rule, published on November 1, 2022, CMS did not apply a higher applicable percentage to any products other than the hydrogel example they used in the proposed rule and stated that they plan to collect additional information about products that may have unique circumstances such that an increased applicable percentage (higher than 10 percent) would apply. CMS estimated the wastage percentage for three of our products - Apligraf, Dermagraft, and PuraPly - based on 2020 data. We do not know if the refund amounts calculated in 2023 will be similar to these estimates but if they are then we may owe rebates, which could be material, on these products and possibly other products. The total amount of any discarded product rebate liability is not known at this time. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. While we have successfully addressed certain of the internal control deficiencies that were included in the aggregation of the previously reported material weakness, we are continuing to work on remediating the remaining internal control deficiencies, as well as other internal control deficiencies identified during the current period, that collectively are aggregating to form the material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting that exists as of December 31, 2022. However, we cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

We face significant and continuing competition, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Rapid technological change could cause our products to become obsolete, and if we do not enhance our product offerings through our research and development efforts, we may be unable to effectively compete. 

To be commercially successful, we must convince physicians that our products are safe and effective alternatives to existing treatments and that our products should be used in their procedures. 

Our failure to comply with regulatory obligations could result in negative effects on our business. 

The FDA may determine that certain of our products that are, or are derived from, human cells or tissues, such as Affinity, Novachor, and NuShield, do not qualify for regulation solely under Section 361 of the Public Health Services Act, or PHSA. To the extent that any of these products are deemed not to be HCT/Ps or Section 361 HCT/Ps, the FDA may require that we revise our labeling and marketing claims for these products or that we suspend sales of such products until FDA approval is obtained, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The FDA may determine that our suspension of NuCel and ReNu commercialization on May 31, 2021 was not conducted in a timely or otherwise proper manner. To the extent that our suspension of any of these products is determined not to comply with the 361 HCT/P Guidance, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Because we depend upon a limited group of suppliers and manufacturers for our products, including Apligraf, Affinity, Novachor, NuShield and PuraPly Antimicrobial products, we may incur significant product development costs or experience material delivery delays if there is an interruption in supply from any one of these suppliers or manufacturers, which could materially impact sales of our products. 

We are dependent on the proper functioning of our and third-party manufacturing facilities, our supply chain and our sales force, all of which could be negatively impacted by public health emergencies, including the global COVID-19 pandemic, or other factors, in a manner that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Uncertainty and adverse changes in the general economic conditions, including inflation, may negatively affect our business. 

Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our patents and other intellectual property rights may not adequately protect our products. 

We engage in transactions with related parties and the transactions present possible conflicts of interest that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, signed into law on August 16, 2022, includes several provisions to lower prescription costs for people with Medicare and reduce health care spending by the federal government. Among these is a requirement for manufacturers to pay a rebate to the federal government if prices for single-source biologicals covered under Medicare Part B, such as our products, increase faster than the rate of inflation. 

Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as overall U.S. and non-U.S. economic and industry conditions including a global economic slowdown, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest and exchange rates, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business operations and liquidity. 
 Risks Related to Organogenesis and its business 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. 
 We are subject to the following factors, among others, that may negatively affect our operating results: 
 the announcement or introduction of new products by our competitors; 

failure of government healthcare programs and private health plans to cover our products or to timely and adequately reimburse the users of our products; 

the rate of reimbursement by government and private insurers for use of our products; 

any change in Medicare payment policy which provides a competitive advantage to our competitor s products; 

any change in government healthcare programs and private health plans policies regarding sales and reimbursement of durable medical equipment DME ), including a prohibition on physician-owned DME supplier entities; 

whether our products or our competitors products are granted pass-through reimbursement status or included in the bundled reimbursement structure; 

our ability to upgrade and develop our systems and infrastructure to accommodate growth; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel in a timely and cost-effective manner; 

our ability to offer our wound care and surgical products and supplies using our existing sales force and distribution network; 

the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to the expansion of our business, operations, and infrastructure; 

changes in, or enactment of new laws or regulations promulgated by federal, state, or local governments; 

cost containment initiatives or policies developed by government and commercial payers that create financial incentives not to use our products; 

our inability to demonstrate that our products are cost-effective or superior to competing products; 

our ability to develop new products; 

discovery of product defects during the manufacturing process; 

initiation of a government investigation into potential non-compliance with laws or regulations; 

issuance of government advisory opinions or program bulletins that could negatively affect one or more of our sales models; 

36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 sanctions imposed by federal or state governments due to non-compliance with laws or regulations; 

recall of one or more of our products by the FDA due to noncompliance with FDA requirements; and 

general economic conditions as well as economic conditions specific to the healthcare industry. 

We have based our current and future expense levels largely on our investment plans and estimates of future events, although certain of our expense levels are, to a large extent, fixed. We may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant shortfall in revenue relative to our planned expenditures would have an immediate adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Further, as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment or to changes in laws and regulations, we may from time to time make certain pricing, service, or marketing decisions (e.g., reduce prices) that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Due to the foregoing factors, our revenue and operating results are and will remain difficult to forecast. 
 We have incurred significant losses in past years and, notwithstanding our reported net income for the 2020, 2021, and 2022 fiscal years, we may incur losses in the future. 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through debt and equity financings, and, with the exception of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, in which we reported net income of 15.5 million, 94.2 million and 17.2 million, respectively, we have incurred losses from operations in many years since our inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 45.3 million. We expect to incur significant sales and marketing costs to support the sale of our products. Our prior losses, combined with any potential future losses, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We did not design and maintain effective controls (i) to properly identify and assess significant non-routine transactions and (ii) over information technology general controls and proper segregation of duties to support the proper initiation and recording of transactions and the resulting impact on business process controls and applications that rely on such data. 
 While we have successfully addressed certain of the internal control deficiencies that were included in the aggregation of the previously reported material weakness, we are continuing to work on remediating the remaining internal control deficiencies, as well as other internal control deficiencies identified during the current period, that collectively are aggregating to form the material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting that exists as of December 31, 2022. However, we cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price . 
 Although we have made certain progress in remediating these material weaknesses, we concluded that the material weaknesses described above continued to exist as of December 31, 2022. We have taken actions to remediate the deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting and implemented additional processes and controls designed to address the underlying causes of the above-mentioned material weaknesses. If we do not successfully remediate the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses or other deficiencies arise in the future, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, which could cause our financial results to be materially misstated and require restatement. 
 Rapid technological change could cause our products to become obsolete, and if we do not enhance our product offerings through our research and development efforts, we may be unable to effectively compete. 
 The technologies underlying our products are subject to rapid and profound technological change. Competition intensifies as technical advances in each field are made and become more widely known. We can give no assurance that others will not develop services, products, or processes with significant advantages over the products, services, and processes that we offer or are seeking to develop. Any such occurrence could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We plan to enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing customer demands and competitive pressure and technologies, but we may not be successful. The success of any new product offering or enhancement to an existing product will depend on numerous factors, including our ability to: 
 properly identify and anticipate physician and patient needs; 

37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 develop and introduce new products or product enhancements in a timely manner; 

adequately protect our intellectual property and avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties; 

demonstrate the safety and efficacy of new products, including through the conduct of additional clinical trials; 

obtain the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements; 

achieve adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products; and 

compete successfully against other skin substitutes and other modalities for treating wounds such as negative-pressure wound therapy and hyperbaric oxygen. 

If we do not develop and, when necessary, obtain regulatory clearance or approval for new products or product enhancements in time to meet market demand, or if there is insufficient demand for these products or enhancements, our results of operations will suffer. Our research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before we are adequately able to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material or other innovation. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of our products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not be covered or reimbursed by government healthcare programs such as Medicare or private health plans, may not produce sales in excess of the costs of development and/or may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. 
 To be commercially successful, we must convince physicians that our products are safe and effective alternatives to existing treatments and that our products should be used in their procedures. 
 We believe physicians will only adopt our products if they determine, based on experience, clinical data and published peer-reviewed journal articles, that the use of our products in a particular procedure is a favorable alternative to conventional methods. Physicians also are more interested in using cost-effective products and may practice in settings like Accountable Care Organizations, or ACOs, or Medical Homes, where they face considerable cost-containment pressure. In general, physicians may be slow to change their medical treatment practices and use of our products for the following reasons, among others: 
 their lack of experience using our products; 

lack of evidence supporting additional patient benefits from use of our products over conventional methods; 

pressure to contain costs; 

preference for other treatment modalities or our competitors products; 

perceived liability risks generally associated with the use of new products and procedures; 

limited availability of coverage and/or reimbursement from third-party payers; and 

the time that must be dedicated to training. 

The degree of market acceptance of our products will continue to depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the safety and efficacy of our products; 

the potential and perceived advantages of our products over alternative treatments; 

clinical data and the clinical indications for which our products are approved; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, including any limitations or warnings contained in approved labeling; 

the cost of, and relative reimbursement rate for, using our products relative to the use of our competitors products or alternative treatment modalities; 

relative convenience and ease of administration; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; 

the quality of the service and support provided to our customers; 

the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; 

38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our reputation and the reputation of the products; 

the shelf life of our products and our ability to manage the logistics of the end-user supply chain; and 

sufficient and readily accessible third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement. 

In addition, we are currently conducting clinical studies for some of our products that were brought to market as 361 HCT/Ps to generate efficacy data in various clinical applications. Unfavorable results from these 361 HCT/P clinical trials such as lack of clinical efficacy or serious treatment-related side effects could negatively affect the use and adoption of our products by physicians and hospitals, thereby compromising our market acceptance. 
 We believe recommendations for, and support of our products by, influential physicians are essential for market acceptance and adoption. If we do not receive this support (e.g., because we are unable to demonstrate favorable long-term clinical data), physicians and hospitals may not use our products, which would significantly reduce our ability to achieve expected revenue and would prevent us from sustaining profitability. 
 In the course of conducting our business, we must comply with regulatory quality requirements, and adequately address quality issues that may arise with our products, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products. Although we have established internal procedures to minimize risks that may arise from quality issues, we may not be able to eliminate or mitigate these risks and quality issues may arise in which case we would be subject to liability. If the quality of our products does not meet the expectations of regulators, physicians, or patients, then we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and our brand and reputation could suffer and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 We face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate product liability insurance. 
 Our business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the manufacturing, processing, investigating, and marketing of medical devices and human tissue products. We are, and may in the future be, subject to product liability claims and lawsuits, including potential class actions or mass tort claims, alleging that our products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Product liability claims may be made by patients and their families, healthcare providers, or others selling our products. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of merit, could be costly, divert management attention, and result in adverse publicity, which could result in the withdrawal of, or reduced acceptance of, our products in the market. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 harm to our business reputation; 

investigations by regulators; 

significant defense costs; 

distraction of management s attention from our primary business; 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

loss of revenue; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; and 

decreased demand for our products. 

Although we have product liability insurance that we believe is adequate, this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations and we may not be able to maintain this insurance. Also, it is possible that claims could exceed the limits of our coverage or be excluded from coverage under our policy. If we are unable to maintain product liability insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or otherwise protect ourselves against potential product liability claims or we underestimate the amount of insurance we need, we could be exposed to significant liabilities, which may harm our business. One or more product liability claims could cause our stock price to decline and, if our liability exceeds our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Interruptions in the supply of our products or inventory loss may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our products are manufactured using technically complex processes requiring specialized facilities, highly specific raw materials, and other production constraints. The complexity of these processes, as well as strict company and government standards 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 for the manufacture and storage of our products, subjects us to production risks. In addition to ongoing production risks, process deviations or unanticipated effects of approved process changes may result in non-compliance with regulatory requirements including stability requirements or specifications. Most of our products must be stored and transported within a specified temperature range. For example, if environmental conditions deviate from that range, our products remaining shelf-lives could be impaired or their safety and efficacy could be adversely affected, making them unsuitable for use. These deviations may go undetected. The occurrence of actual or suspected production and distribution problems can lead to lost inventories, and in some cases recalls, with consequential reputational damage and the risk of product liability. The investigation and remediation of any identified problems can cause production delays and result in substantial additional expenses. Production of our Affinity product, for example, was suspended in the first quarter of 2019 due to production issues at one of our suppliers. As a result, we identified an alternate supplier, and were only able to resume commercial-scale production in the second quarter of 2020. Subsequently, we have added a second source to provide additional capacity and redundancy in supply. This disruption in supply resulted in reduced Affinity revenue. Although we were able to partially offset the lost Affinity revenue by increasing production of our other products, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the event of any future suspensions or failures in the storage or manufacturing of Affinity, Dermagraft or our other products. Any future failure in the storage or manufacture of our products or loss in supply could result in a loss of our market share and negatively affect our revenues and operations. 
 As noted above, manufacturing of Dermagraft was suspended in the fourth quarter of 2021, and sales of Dermagraft were suspended in the second quarter of 2022. We plan to transition our Dermagraft manufacturing to a new manufacturing facility or engage a third-party manufacturer, which we expect will result in substantial long-term cost savings. In the period when Dermagraft is not available, we expect that customers will be willing to substitute Apligraf for Dermagraft and that the suspension of Dermagraft sales will not have a material impact on our net revenue. However, if we do not realize the expected substantial long-term cost savings or if customers are unwilling to substitute Apligraf for Dermagraft during the period in which Dermagraft is unavailable, it could have an adverse effect on our net revenue and results of operations. 
 Because we depend upon a limited group of suppliers and manufacturers for our products, including our NuShield, Affinity, Apligraf and PuraPly Antimicrobial products, we may incur significant product development costs and experience material delivery delays if we lose any significant supplier, which could materially impact sales of our products. 
 We obtain some of the components for our products from a limited group of suppliers. For us to be successful, our suppliers must be able to provide us with these components in substantial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, in accordance with agreed-upon specifications, at acceptable costs, and on a timely basis. Our efforts to maintain a continuity of supply and high quality and reliability may not be successful. Manufacturing disruptions experienced by our suppliers may jeopardize our supply of these components. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials. A change in suppliers could require significant effort or investment in circumstances where the items supplied are integral to product performance or incorporate unique technology. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing (including the current suspension of Dermagraft manufacturing pending its transition to a new manufacturing facility or engagement of a third-party manufacturer), or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, one or more of our suppliers may refuse to extend us credit with respect to our purchasing or leasing equipment, supplies, products, or components, or may only agree to extend us credit on significantly less favorable terms or subject to more onerous conditions. This could significantly disrupt our ability to purchase or lease required equipment, supplies, products and components in a cost-effective and timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any casualty, natural disaster, other disruption of any of our sole-source suppliers operations, or any unexpected loss of any existing exclusive supply contract, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our products are dependent on the availability of tissue from human donors, and any disruption in supply could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Many of the products that we manufacture require that we obtain human tissue. The success of our business depends upon, among other factors, the availability of tissue from human donors. Any failure to obtain tissue from our sources will interfere with our ability to effectively meet the demand for our products incorporating human tissue. The processing of human tissue for our products is very labor-intensive and it is therefore difficult to maintain a steady supply stream. The availability of donated tissue could also be adversely impacted by regulatory changes, public opinion of the donor process as well as our own reputation in the industry. The challenges we may face in obtaining adequate supplies of human tissue involve several risks, including limited control over the availability, quality, and delivery schedules. In addition, any interruption in the supply of any human tissue component could materially harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply, if any, could be found. We may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time period or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Increased prices for, or unavailability of, raw materials used in our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our profitability is affected by the prices of the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. These prices may fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, fuel-related delivery costs, competition, import duties, excises and other indirect taxes, currency exchange rates, and government regulation. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost containment efforts of our customers and third-party payers, we may be unable to pass along cost increases for key components or raw materials through higher prices to our customers. If the cost of key components or raw materials increases, and we are unable fully to recover these increased costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability. Significant increases in the prices of raw materials, due to inflation or otherwise, that cannot be recovered through productivity gains, price increases or other methods could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We continue to invest significant capital to maximize our sales and marketing infrastructure, and there can be no assurance that these efforts will result in significant increases in sales. 
 We are committed to maximizing our internal sales and marketing capabilities, including by optimizing our sales force to further support the marketing and sales of the products acquired in connection with our 2017 acquisition of NuTech Medical and our 2020 acquisition of CPN Biosciences. As a result, we continue to invest in sales and marketing resources for our products to allow us to reach new customers and potentially increase sales. These expenses impact our operating results, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in significantly increasing the sales of our products. 
 The impairment or termination of our relationships with independent sales agencies, whom we do not control, could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and profits. We intend to develop additional relationships with independent sales agencies in order to increase revenue from certain of our products; our inability to do so may prevent us from increasing sales. 
 We derive a portion of our revenues through our relationships with independent sales agencies. The impairment or termination of these relationships for any reason could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and profits. Because the independent sales agency often controls the customer relationships within its territory, there is a risk that if our relationship with the independent sales agency ends, our relationship with the customer will be lost. Also, because we do not control an independent sales agency s field sales agents, there is a risk we will be unable to ensure that our sales processes, regulatory compliance, and other priorities will be consistently communicated and executed by the distributor. If we fail to maintain relationships with our key independent sales agencies, or fail to ensure that our independent sales agencies adhere to our sales processes, regulatory compliance, and other priorities, this could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may have liability for the actions of independent sales agencies in marketing our products and our lack of control over their activities impedes our ability to prevent, detect or address such non-compliance. 
 We intend to develop relationships and arrangements with additional independent sales agencies in order to increase our sales with respect to certain of our products. However, we may fail to develop such relationships, in which case we may not be able to increase our sales. Our success is partially dependent upon our ability to retain and motivate our independent sales agencies and their representatives to sell our products in certain territories. They may not be successful in implementing our marketing plans. Some of our independent sales agencies may not sell our products exclusively and may offer similar products from other companies. Our independent sales agencies may terminate their contracts with us, may devote insufficient sales efforts to our products, or may focus their sales efforts on other products that produce greater commissions for them, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We also may not be able to find additional independent sales agencies who will agree to market and/or distribute those products on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to establish new independent sales agency relationships or renew current sales agency agreements on commercially acceptable terms, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, because we do not control these independent sales agencies as closely as our employees, while we may take steps to mitigate the risks associated with noncompliance by independent sales agencies, there remains a risk they do not comply with regulatory requirements or our requirements or our policies which could also adversely affect our business. 
 We will need to continue to expand our organization, and managing growth may be more difficult than expected. 
 Managing our growth may be more difficult than we expect. We anticipate that a period of significant expansion will be required to penetrate and service the markets for our existing and anticipated future products and to continue to develop new products. This expansion will place a significant strain on management, operational and financial resources. To manage the expected growth of our operations, we must both modify our existing operational and financial systems, procedures and controls and implement new systems, procedures and controls. We must also expand our finance, administrative, and operations staff. Management may be unable 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 to hire, train, retain, motivate, and manage necessary personnel or to identify, manage, and exploit existing and potential strategic relationships and market opportunities. 
 In addition to expanding our organization, we are expanding our manufacturing capabilities, which requires significant capital expenditures. If these capital expenditures are higher than expected, it may adversely affect our financial condition and capital resources. In addition, if the expansion of our manufacturing facilities is delayed, for regulatory or other reasons, it may limit our ability to expand the size of our organization and to meet our corporate goals. Even if we are able to expand our manufacturing facilities as we plan, we may not realize the full expected benefit of our investment. 
 We may expand our business through acquisitions, similar to our acquisitions of NuTech Medical and CPN Biosciences, licenses, investments, and other commercial arrangements in other companies or technologies. Such acquisitions or commercial arrangements may entail significant risks. 
 We periodically evaluate strategic opportunities to acquire companies, divisions, technologies, products, and rights through licenses, distribution agreements, investments, and outright acquisitions to grow our business, such as our acquisitions of NuTech Medical and CPN Biosciences. In connection with one or more of those transactions, we may: 
 issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders value; 

use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; 

incur debt that could have terms unfavorable to us or that we might be unable to repay; 

structure the transaction in a manner that has unfavorable tax consequences, such as a stock purchase that does not permit a step-up in the tax basis for the assets acquired; 

be unable to realize the anticipated benefits, such as increased revenues, cost savings, or synergies from additional sales of existing or newly acquired products; 

be unable to successfully integrate, operate, maintain, and manage our newly acquired operations; 

divert management s attention from the existing business to integrate, operate, maintain, and manage our newly acquired operations and personnel; 

acquire unknown liabilities that could subject us to government investigations and/or litigation or other actions that make it impossible to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction; 

be unable to secure the services of key employees related to the acquisition; and 

be unable to succeed in the marketplace with the acquisition. 

Any of these items could materially and adversely affect our revenues, financial condition, and profitability. Business acquisitions also involve the risk of unknown liabilities associated with the acquired business, which could be material. Our acquisition of NuTech Medical and CPN Biosciences expanded our wound care portfolio and our acquisition of NuTech Medical broadened our addressable market to include the Surgical Sports Medicine market. We may not realize the increased revenues, cost savings, and synergies that we anticipate from this acquisition in the near term or at all due to many factors, including delays in the integration process, an inability to successfully penetrate the amniotic category of the wound care market or an inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals. Additional liabilities related to acquisitions could include a lack of compliance with government regulations that could subject us to investigation and civil and criminal sanctions. For example, we may acquire a company that was not compliant with FDA quality requirements or was making payments or other forms of remuneration to physicians to induce them to use their products. Incurring unknown liabilities or the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition could materially and adversely affect our business and we may lose our entire investment or be unable to recover our initial investment, which could include the cost of acquiring licenses or distribution rights, acquiring products, purchasing initial inventory, or investments in early-stage companies. Inability to recover our investment, or any write off of such investment, associated goodwill, or assets, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. 
 From time to time, we may implement or may acquire new lines of business, such as our Surgical Sports Medicine products that were acquired in connection with our acquisition of NuTech Medical, or we may offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed or are evolving. In developing and marketing new lines of business and new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. External factors, such as regulatory compliance obligations, competitive alternatives, lack of market acceptance, and shifting market preferences, may also affect the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 or service. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including, but not limited to, personal information and intellectual property). We also have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and, as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from malicious attacks by third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage and market manipulation) and expertise. While we have invested significantly in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. For example, in August 2020, our information technology IT systems were exposed to a ransomware attack, which partially impaired certain IT systems for a short period of time. We finished investigating the incident, together with legal counsel and other incident response professionals. We did not experience any material losses related to the ransomware attack and were able to recover all data quickly, with only a minimal and temporary interruption to our business. While we have implemented measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, such measures may not prevent these events. Although we have cyber-insurance coverage that may cover certain events described above, this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations and we may not be able to maintain this insurance. Also, it is possible that claims could exceed the limits of our coverage. Any interruption or breach in our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us or allow third parties to gain material, inside information that they use to trade in our securities. 
 If a breach of our measures protecting personal data covered by HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or the CCPA occurs, we may incur significant liabilities. 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act, and the regulations that have been issued under it, impose certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of protected health information. The requirements and restrictions apply to covered entities (which include health care providers and insurers) as well as to their business associates that receive protected health information from them in order to provide services to or perform certain activities on their behalf. The statute and regulations also impose notification obligations on covered entities and their business associates in the event of a breach of the privacy or security of protected health information. We occasionally receive protected health information from our customers in the course of our business. As such, we believe that we are business associates and therefore subject to HIPAA s requirements and restrictions with respect to handling such protected health information, and have executed business associate agreements with certain customers. 
 In addition, California has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which came into effect on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the CCPA, certain businesses are required, among other things, to make certain enhanced disclosures related to California residents regarding the use or disclosure of their personal information, allow California residents to opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of their personal information without penalty, provide Californians with other choices related to personal data in our possession, and obtain opt-in consent before engaging in certain uses of personal information relating to Californians under the age of 16. The California Attorney General may seek substantial monetary penalties and injunctive relief in the event of our non-compliance with the CCPA. The CCPA also allows for private lawsuits from Californians in the event of certain data breaches. Aspects of the CCPA remain uncertain, and we may be required to make modifications to our policies or practices in order to comply. Aside from California, Texas and several other major states impose rigorous local medical privacy requirements. 
 It is possible the data protection laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. If so, this could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these privacy regulations may differ from country to country and state to state, and may vary based on whether testing is performed in the United States or in the local country. Complying with these various laws and regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to our business. Further, compliance with data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. We can provide no assurance that we are or will remain in compliance with diverse privacy and security requirements in all of the jurisdictions 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 in which we do business. If we fail to comply or are deemed to have failed to comply with applicable privacy protection laws and regulations such failure could result in government enforcement actions and create liability for us, which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties, as well as private litigation and/or adverse publicity that could negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 We engage in transactions with related parties and such transactions present possible conflicts of interest that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We have entered into a significant number of transactions with related parties. Related party transactions create the possibility of conflicts of interest with regard to our management, including that: 
 we may enter into contracts between us, on the one hand, and related parties, on the other, that are not as a result of arm s-length transactions; 

our executive officers and directors that hold positions of responsibility with related parties may be aware of certain business opportunities that are appropriate for presentation to us as well as to such other related parties and may present such business opportunities to such other parties; and 

our executive officers and directors that hold positions of responsibility with related parties may have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, other entities and may have conflicts of interest in allocating time. 

Such conflicts could cause an executive officer or a director to seek to advance his or her economic interests or the economic interests of certain related parties above ours. Conversely, we may not be able to enter into transactions with third parties on terms as favorable as the terms of existing transactions with related parties. Further, the appearance of conflicts of interest created by related party transactions could impair the confidence of our investors. It is possible that a conflict of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our financial performance may be adversely affected by medical device tax provisions in healthcare reform laws. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the PPACA imposed, among other things, an excise tax of 2.3 on any entity that manufactures or imports medical devices offered for sale in the United States. Under these provisions, the Congressional Research Service predicted that the total cost to the medical device industry may be up to 20 billion over a decade. The Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations implementing the tax in December 2012, which required, among other things, bi-monthly payments and quarterly reporting. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113), signed into law in December 2015, included a two-year moratorium on the medical device excise tax. A second two-year moratorium on the medical device excise tax was signed into law in January 2018 as part of the Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (Pub. L. 115-120), extending the moratorium through December 31, 2019. On December 20, 2019, President Trump signed into law a permanent repeal of the medical device tax under the PPACA, but there is no guarantee that Congress will not reverse course in the future. If such an excise tax on sales of our products in the United States is enacted, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We could incur asset impairment charges related to certain leasehold improvements, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our long-term assets include property, plant and equipment of 102.5 million and 79.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If an asset is determined to be impaired, the asset is written down to fair value, which is determined based on appraised value. Any such impairment could result in a non-cash charge equal to the full value of these improvements. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we did not recognize an impairment charge with respect to our long-lived assets. Changes in our assumptions with respect to our expected use of these assets may result in an impairment charge in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments become impaired. 
 We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity, for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 in the financial condition of our business. We may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, or other investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our financial results. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 44.4 million of federal net operating loss carry-forwards available for the reduction of future years federal taxable income, all of which can be carried forward indefinitely. Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, the deductibility of the net operating loss-carry-forward as of December 31, 2022 and all future net operating loss-carry-forwards is limited to 80 of taxable income, limiting or delaying in part the use of net operating loss-carry-forwards. As of December 31, 2022, we also had state net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately 14.3 million expiring from the year ended December 31, 2031 through 2038. It is uncertain whether and to what extent applicable state tax laws will conform to the federal rule, though we are already subject to limitations in net operating loss utilization in certain states. 
 
 In addition, our ability to utilize our federal net operating loss carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Code. In the event of an ownership change , Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the amount of post-ownership change taxable income that may be offset with pre-ownership change net operating losses of the loss corporation experiencing the ownership change. An ownership change is defined by Section 382 as a cumulative change in ownership of our company of more than 50 within a three-year period. As of December 31, 2021, we performed a study and determined that there is no limitation on our federal net operating losses. Current or future changes in our stock ownership may trigger an ownership change, some of which may be outside our control. Accordingly, our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards to offset federal taxable income, if any, could be limited by Section 382, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 
 We are dependent on the proper functioning of our and third-party manufacturing facilities, our supply chain, and our sales force, all of which could be negatively impacted by public health emergencies, including the COVID-19 pandemic, or other factors, in a manner that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We manufacture our non-placental-based products and use third-party manufacturers for our placental-based products and we use third-party raw material suppliers to support our internal manufacturing processes. If our manufacturing capabilities or the manufacturing capabilities of our suppliers are impacted as a result of a public health emergency, including a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, it may not be possible for us to timely manufacture relevant products at the required levels or at all. While the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material adverse effect on our business to date, a reduction or interruption in any of our manufacturing processes as a result of a public health emergency in the future (including a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic) could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We also may be unable to obtain the raw materials necessary to support our internal manufacturing processes due to the additional constraints on suppliers. The manufacture of our products is dependent on the availability of sufficient quantities of source tissue, which is the primary component of our products. Source tissue includes donated human tissue, porcine tissue, and bovine tissue. We acquire donated human tissue directly through institutional review board-approved protocols at multiple hospitals, as well as through tissue procurement firms engaged by us or by our contract manufacturers. Any failure to obtain tissue from our sources, including any failures related to public health emergencies, like the COVID-19 pandemic, will interfere with our ability to effectively meet the demand for our products. Any interruption in the supply of source tissue could materially harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply, if any, could be found. We may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time period or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our current Advanced Wound Care portfolio is sold throughout the United States via an experienced direct sales force, which focuses its efforts on wound care in various sites of care. We use a mix of direct sales representatives and independent agencies to service the Surgical Sports Medicine market. These sales representatives are supported by teams of professionals focused on sales management, sales operations and effectiveness, ongoing training, analytics and marketing. Our direct sales force functions by meeting in person with physicians and health care providers to discuss our products. Public health emergencies, like COVID-19, may negatively affect demand for our products by limiting the ability of our sales personnel to maintain their customary contacts with physicians and health care providers. In such case, we cannot assure you that our direct sales representatives or independent agencies will increase or maintain our current sales levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may also experience significant and unpredictable reductions in demand for certain of our 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 products if patients are unable to access certain advanced therapies due to stay-at-home orders or other governmental actions taken to address a public health emergency. 
 Our ability to comply with financial covenants under our credit agreement and raise capital may be materially adversely impacted by COVID-19 or other factors. 
 We have funded our operations and capital spending, in part, through third-party debt and proceeds from the sale of our Class A common stock. Our 2021 Credit Agreement requires that we comply with certain financial covenants that include Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, tested quarterly. If we are unable to meet these financial covenants due to the economic impact of COVID-19 or otherwise, the borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement may become due and payable immediately unless we obtain an amendment from our lenders and we would be prohibited from making any borrowings under the Revolving Facility. There can be no assurance that our lenders would agree to any such amendment on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, any sustained disruption in the capital markets from the COVID-19 pandemic could negatively impact our ability to raise capital from the offering of equity or debt securities. 
 Risks Related to Regulation of Our Products and Other Government Regulations 
 Our products are subject to the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and rebate obligations that took effect on January 1, 2023, and we may owe rebates, which could be material, on our Apligraf, Dermagraft, and PuraPly products and possibly other products. 
 Section 90004 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, enacted in November 2021, requires manufacturers to pay a refund to the federal government if more than a certain applicable percentage of their single-use product is not administered to a patient and is discarded wasted by providers. Because there is a lack of consistency and uniformity in wound sizes, it is likely that some skin substitute product is discarded with every treatment. The rebate obligation took effect January 1, 2023, and CMS proposed a methodology to implement the rebate in the MPFS rulemaking. The applicable percentage is required to be at least 10 percent of total allowed charges for the drug in a given calendar quarter. CMS has the authority to increase the applicable percentage that applies to refunds for discarded product if there are unique circumstances. We submitted comments on the proposal noting the unique circumstances related to skin substitutes and asking CMS to apply a higher percentage. In the 2023 MPFS final rule, published on November 1, 2022, CMS did not apply a higher applicable percentage to any products other than the hydrogel example they used in the proposed rule and stated that they plan to collect additional information about products that may have unique circumstances such that an increased applicable percentage (higher than 10 percent) would apply. CMS estimated the wastage percentage for three of our products - Apligraf, Dermagraft, and PuraPly - based on 2020 data. We do not know if the refund amounts calculated in 2023 will be similar to these estimates but if they are then we may owe rebates, which could be material, on these products and possibly other products. The total amount of any discarded product rebate liability is not known at this time. 
 We may encounter substantial delays or difficulties in our clinical trials. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to the outcome. We have limited experience with clinical trials. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 
 the FDA may require additional clinical trials in connection with the approval of product candidates; 

delays in reaching a consensus with the FDA or other regulatory authorities on trial design; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites; 

delays in opening clinical trial sites or obtaining required IRB or independent ethics committee approval at each clinical trial site; 

our decision or the requirement of regulators or IRBs to suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements, a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable 

46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 health risks, or the imposition of a clinical hold as a result of a serious adverse event or after an inspection of our clinical trial operations or clinical trial sites; 

delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our future clinical trials, including, but not limited to challenges associated with any resurgence of COVID-19; 

failure by us, any CROs we engage or any other third parties to adhere to clinical trial or regulatory requirements; 

failure by us, any CROs we engage or any other third parties to perform in accordance with Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, cGMPs, or applicable regulatory guidelines in the United States and other international markets; 

failure by physicians to adhere to delivery protocols leading to variable results; 

delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of our product candidates to the clinical trial sites, including delays by third parties with whom we have contracted to perform certain of those functions due to COVID-19 or other reasons; 

insufficient or inadequate supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates; 

delays in having patients complete participation in a clinical trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical trial sites or patients dropping out of a clinical trial at a rate higher than we anticipate; 

selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or analysis of the resulting data; 

receipt of negative or inconclusive clinical trial results; 

occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 

occurrence of serious adverse events in clinical trials of the same class of agents conducted by other sponsors; and 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

ReNu is in Phase 3 clinical development for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. Our anticipated timeline for these and other trials and studies on our clinical trial candidates may be subject to delays due to factors such as those discussed above. 
 Any inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory, development and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may need to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Success in research and preclinical studies or early clinical trial results may not be indicative of results obtained in later trials. Likewise, preliminary, initial or interim data from clinical trials should be considered carefully and with caution since the final data may be materially different from the preliminary, initial or interim data, particularly as more patient data become available. 
 Results from preclinical studies or early clinical trials, including feasibility studies, or earlier conducted clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future clinical trial results, and interim results of a clinical trial are not necessarily indicative of final results. Our clinical trial candidates, including ReNu, may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in clinical development despite demonstrating positive results in preclinical studies or having successfully advanced through initial or earlier clinical trials or preliminary stages of clinical trials. From time to time, we have and may in the future publish or report preliminary, initial or interim data. Preliminary, initial or interim data from our clinical trials and those of our partners may not be indicative of the final results of the trial and are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and/or more patient data become available. In this regard, such data may show initial evidence of clinical benefit, but as patients continue to be followed and more patient data becomes available, there is a risk that any therapeutic effects will not be durable in patients and/or will decrease over time, or cease entirely. Preliminary, initial or interim data also remain subject to audit and 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from such preliminary, initial or interim data. As a result, preliminary, initial or interim data should be considered carefully and with caution until the final data are available. 
 There is no guarantee that any of our clinical trials will be successful. In addition, there is a high failure rate for drugs, biologic products and cell therapies proceeding through clinical trials. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in preclinical testing and earlier-stage clinical trials. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Any such setbacks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals or clearances for certain of our products will be expensive and time-consuming and may impede our ability to fully exploit our technologies or otherwise limit our ability to meet other business objectives. 
 As biological products and medical devices, many of the products that we market require regulatory approvals or clearances from the FDA, or from similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States, before they may legally be distributed in commerce. In particular, such products may require FDA approval of Biologics License Applications, or BLAs, under Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (the PHSA ), Premarket Approval, or PMA, submissions under Section 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, or may require clearance under Section 510(k) of the FDCA. Although we believe that we have all necessary regulatory approvals or clearances legally required for the products that we currently market, the introduction of new or modified products may require us to secure new approvals or clearances. Additionally, the FDA may take the position that some of the products that we currently market without premarket approval or clearance in fact require such approval or clearance. The process of obtaining an approved BLA or PMA requires the expenditure of substantial time, effort and financial resources and may take years to complete. Although obtaining clearance under section 510(k) is somewhat less burdensome, it is also associated with significant costs and resource commitments. The fee for filing a BLA, PMA or 510(k) notification, and the annual user fees for any establishment that manufactures biologics or medical devices, as well as product fees applicable to each approved product are substantial. 
 In January 2021, we announced that the first patient was enrolled in the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ReNu for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. There are significant costs associated with conducting clinical trials to support approvals that cannot necessarily be estimated with any accuracy until investigational plans have been developed. Moreover, data obtained from clinical activities may show a lack of safety or efficacy or may be inconclusive or susceptible to varying interpretations, any of which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Failure or delay can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. Even product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the required safety profile or meet the efficacy endpoints despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. We cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Even with positive clinical trial results, there may be other barriers to approval or clearance, and the FDA may not grant approval or clearance on a timely basis, or at all. Even if the FDA clears or approves our products, the clinical data submitted to the FDA may not be sufficient for payers to cover and/or adequately reimburse our customers for use of our products. Additionally, the FDA may limit the indications for use in an approval or clearance, or place other conditions on an approval, that could restrict the commercial application of the products. 
 Regenerative medicine advanced therapy, or RMAT, designation for our product candidates may not lead to faster development or regulatory processes nor does it increase the likelihood that such product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 RMAT was introduced as a new designation under the 21st Century Cures Act for the development and review of certain regenerative medicine therapies. To receive RMAT designation, a regenerative medicine product candidate must be intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition with preliminary clinical evidence indicating that the drug has the potential to address the unmet medical needs. RMAT designation does not require evidence to indicate that the drug may offer a substantial improvement over available therapies, as breakthrough designation requires. 
 An RMAT product candidate receives intensive guidance on an efficient product development program; involvement of senior managers and experienced staff on a proactive, collaborative and cross-disciplinary review; and a rolling review. Regenerative medicine therapies that qualify for RMAT designation may also qualify for other FDA expedited programs, including fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval and priority review designation, if they meet the criteria for such programs. However, RMAT designation does not assure that marketing approval will be granted and, if granted, that the approval process would be any faster than it would have otherwise been. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In January 2021, we announced RMAT designation for ReNu for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. However, there is no guarantee that the receipt of RMAT designation will result in a faster development process, review or approval for ReNu for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA or increase the likelihood that ReNu will be granted marketing approval for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA. Likewise, any future RMAT designation or other expedited review status such as breakthrough therapy designation for any of our other product candidates neither guarantees a faster development process, review or approval nor improves the likelihood of the grant of marketing approval by FDA for any such product candidate compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures. In addition, the FDA may withdraw any RMAT or other expedited review status at any time. We may seek RMAT or breakthrough therapy designation for our other product candidates, but the FDA may not grant this status to any such product candidates. 
 We may seek fast track designation by the FDA for one or more of our product candidates, but we might not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 
 If a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet needs for this condition, the treatment sponsor may apply for FDA fast track designation. Even if we receive fast track designation, fast track designation does not ensure that we will receive marketing approval or that approval will be granted within any particular time frame. We may not experience a faster development, regulatory review or approval process with fast track designation compared to conventional FDA procedures. Additionally, the FDA may withdraw fast track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Fast track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA s priority review procedures. 
 A breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA for a product candidate may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it would not increase the likelihood that the product candidate will receive marketing approval. 
 We may seek a breakthrough therapy designation for one or more product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a product candidate that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For product candidates that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Product candidates designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA are also eligible for priority review if supported by clinical data at the time of the submission of the new drug application. 
 Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe that one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a breakthrough therapy designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to product candidates considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and it would not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the product candidate no longer meets the conditions for qualification or it may decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 We must comply with applicable post-marketing regulatory obligations, which could include obtaining new regulatory approvals or clearances. 
 Following approval or clearance, some types of changes to the approved or cleared product, such as adding new indications or additional labeling claims or introducing manufacturing changes, are subject to FDA review and approval, which may require further nonclinical or clinical testing. The costs and other resource burdens associated with obtaining new regulatory approvals or clearances for existing or future products may limit the resources available to us to fully exploit our technologies or may otherwise limit our ability to carry out other business activities. Depending on the nature of the change, we may determine that the change may be carried out without obtaining premarket approval or clearance. The FDA or another regulatory body could disagree with our conclusion and require such premarket approval or clearance, which would disrupt the marketing of these products, potentially expose us to regulatory sanctions, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The FDA may determine that certain of our products that are, or are derived from, human cells or tissues, such as Affinity, Novachor, and NuShield, do not qualify for regulation solely under Section 361 of the Public Health Services Act, or PHSA, and may require that we revise our labeling and marketing claims for these products or that we suspend sales of such products until FDA approval is obtained, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Certain of the products that we manufacture, process and distribute are, or are derived from, human cells or tissues, including amniotic tissue. The FDA has specific regulations governing human cells, tissues and cellular and tissue-based products, or HCT/Ps. In particular, HCT/Ps that meet certain criteria set forth in the FDA s regulations at 21 C.F.R. 1271.10 are regulated solely under Section 361 of the PHSA, so-called Section 361 HCT/Ps , and are not subject to any premarket clearance or approval requirements. They are also subject to less stringent post-market regulatory requirements than products regulated under Section 351 of the PHSA and/or under Sections 505, 510 or 515 of the FDCA. The Company has believed that certain of our HCT/Ps, including our products derived from amniotic membrane, qualify for regulation as Section 361 HCT/Ps. However, the regulatory classification of an HCT/P as a Section 361 HCT/P depends in part on the purposes for which the product is intended and in part on the processing to which an HCT/P is subject. On November 16, 2017, the FDA issued a final guidance document entitled, Regulatory Considerations for Human Cells, Tissues, and Cellular and Tissue-Based Products: Minimal Manipulation and Homologous Use , or 361 HCT/P Guidance, which provides FDA s current thinking on how to apply the existing regulatory criteria for regulation as a Section 361 HCT/P. These include, in addition to other requirements, requirements that an HCT/P be both minimally manipulated and intended for homologous use. In general, minimal manipulation is a standard referring to the degree to which the original characteristics of an HCT/P have been altered by processing and homologous use refers to the requirement that an HCT/P perform the same basic function in the donor as in the recipient. Any action by the FDA to apply the principles set forth in the 361 HCT/P Guidance to the HCT/Ps that we distribute could have adverse consequences for us and make it more difficult or expensive for us to conduct our business. 
 
 In light of the 361 HCT/P Guidance, our labeling and marketing claims for our placental-based membrane products, including our Affinity, NuShield, and Novachor products, clarify that they are intended as wound coverings, and thus meet the homologous use requirement to qualify as Section 361 HCT/Ps. However, the FDA could disagree with our conclusion and require premarket approval or clearance for Affinity, NuShield, or any placental-based sheet product we market, which would disrupt the marketing of these products, potentially expose us to regulatory sanctions, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we believe it is necessary to obtain FDA approval of a BLA for NuCel and ReNu because those products may be deemed to be more than minimally manipulated, not for homologous use, or otherwise not regulated as Section 361 HCT/Ps. We continue to conduct clinical studies of ReNu to support FDA approval of a BLA for the management of symptoms associated with knee OA and, based on favorable feasibility studies that are subject to further evaluation, we believe ReNu has potential as a treatment for additional OA and tissue regeneration applications. We have discontinued clinical development of NuCel. If we obtain BLA approval for ReNu or NuCel, compliance with applicable post-market regulatory requirements will involve significant time and substantial costs. Even for those products that remain regulated as Section 361 HCT/Ps, increasing regulatory scrutiny within the industry in which we operate could lead to heightened requirements, compliance with which could be costly. The costs and other resource burdens associated with any of these regulatory outcomes may limit the resources available to us to fully exploit our technologies or may otherwise limit our ability to carry out other business activities. 
 
 The 361 HCT/P Guidance originally indicated that the FDA was providing a 36-month enforcement grace period to allow time for distributors of HCT/Ps to make any regulatory submissions and obtain any premarket approvals necessary to comply with the guidance. In July 2020, the FDA announced that the enforcement grace period would be extended until May 31, 2021 as a result of the challenges presented by the COVID-19 public health emergency. On April 21, 2021, the FDA reaffirmed that the enforcement grace period would end on May 31, 2021, at which time we ceased commercial distribution of ReNu and NuCel. Although we believe our suspension of ReNu and NuCel commercialization was timely and proper, the FDA and other regulators may disagree with how or when such commercialization practices were conducted, which could expose us to regulatory sanctions, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 To the extent that the FDA may determine that certain of our products that are, or are derived from, human cells or tissues do not qualify for regulation solely under Section 361 of the PHSA, the introduction of new tissue products would become more expensive, expansion of our tissue product offerings could be significantly delayed, and we could be subject to additional post-market regulatory requirements or suspension of product sales until FDA approval is obtained. 
 As stated above, in light of the 361 HCT/P Guidance, the FDA may determine that the types of cell- and tissue-based products that we distribute and in particular, products derived from allografts consisting of human skin or amniotic tissue are subject to premarket clearance or approval requirements. Should the FDA make such a determination, products of this type, including future products that we seek to introduce, will be much more costly to commercialize, as we will likely have to carry out preclinical work in animals and/or clinical trials in humans to support approval. Such preclinical work and clinical trials are expensive and time-consuming with no guarantee of success. In addition, these products will be subject to more stringent post-market regulatory requirements than those that currently apply, including but not limited to more stringent restrictions on advertising and promotion of these products, as well as more extensive adverse event reporting. In the future, we may also wish to market our existing HCT/P 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 products for new intended uses that may render them ineligible for regulation as Section 361 HCT/Ps and cause them to require premarket clearance or approval and comply with post-market regulations under the medical device or biological product provisions of the FDCA and/or PHSA instead. Compliance with these requirements will involve significant time and substantial costs and could limit the resources available to us to fully exploit our technologies, including limiting our ability to introduce new allograft-derived products. 
 We conduct a range of nonclinical, as well as clinical trials, comparative effectiveness, economic and other studies of our products. Unfavorable results from these trials or studies or from similar trials or studies conducted by others may negatively affect the use or adoption of our products by physicians, hospitals, and payers, which could have a negative impact on the market acceptance of these products and their profitability. 
 We conduct a variety of nonclinical and clinical trials, comparative effectiveness studies and economic and other studies of our products, including our ongoing clinical trial for ReNu, in an effort to generate comprehensive clinical and real-world outcomes data and cost-effectiveness data in order to obtain product approval and drive further penetration in the markets we serve. In the event that these trials and studies, or similar trials and studies conducted by others, yield unfavorable results, those results could negatively affect the use or adoption of our products by physicians, hospitals, and payers, thereby compromising market acceptance and profitability. 
 Our business is subject to continuing significant regulatory obligations by the FDA and other authorities, compliance with which is expensive and time-consuming and may impede our ability to fully exploit our technologies or otherwise limit our ability to meet other business objectives. 
 Aside from the obligation to obtain regulatory approvals or clearances, companies such as ours have ongoing regulatory obligations that are expensive and time-consuming to meet. In particular, the production and marketing of our products are subject to extensive regulation and review by the FDA and numerous other governmental authorities both in the United States and abroad. As noted above, some of the products that we distribute are considered Section 361 HCT/Ps. The FDA s regulation of HCT/Ps includes requirements for registration and listing of products; donor screening and testing; processing and distribution, known as Current Good Tissue Practices, or cGTP; labeling; record keeping and adverse-reaction reporting; and inspection and enforcement. Moreover, it is likely that the FDA s regulation of HCT/Ps will continue to evolve in the future. Complying with any such new regulatory requirements may entail significant time delays and expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our other products are regulated as biologics and medical devices, which are subject to even more stringent regulation by the FDA. As noted above, these products are subject to rigorous premarket review processes, and an approval or clearance may place substantial restrictions on the indications for which the product may be marketed or the population for whom it may be marketed, may require warnings to accompany the product or may impose other restrictions on the sale and/or use of the product. In addition, approved and cleared products are subject to continuing obligations to comply with other substantial regulatory requirements, including the FDA s cGTP regulations, the FDA s QSR and/or the FDA s Current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP regulations, adverse event reporting, and FDA inspections. The costs and other resource burdens associated with maintaining regulatory approvals or clearances for our products and otherwise meeting our regulatory obligations may limit the resources available to us to fully exploit our technologies or may otherwise limit our ability to carry out other business activities. 
 In some states, the manufacture, storage, or distribution of HCT/Ps requires a license or permit to operate as a tissue bank or tissue distributor. We believe that we have all required state licenses or permits applicable to the distribution of HCT/Ps, but there is a risk that there may be state or local license or permit requirements of which we are unaware or with which we have not complied. In the event that such noncompliance exists in a given jurisdiction, we could be precluded from distributing HCT/Ps in that jurisdiction and also could be subject to fines or other penalties. If any such actions were to be instituted against us, it could adversely affect our business and/or financial condition. 
 The American Association of Tissue Banks, or AATB, has issued operating standards for tissue banking. Compliance with these standards is a requirement in order to become an accredited tissue bank. In addition, some states have their own tissue banking regulations. In addition, procurement of certain human organs and tissue for transplantation is subject to the restrictions of the National Organ Transplant Act, or NOTA, which prohibits the transfer of certain human organs, including skin and related tissue for valuable consideration, but permits the reasonable payment associated with the removal, transportation, implantation, processing, preservation, quality control and storage of human tissue and skin. We reimburse tissue banks, hospitals, and physicians for their services associated with the recovery, storage, and transportation of donated human tissue. Although we have independent third-party appraisals that confirm the reasonableness of the service fees we pay, if we were to be found to have violated NOTA s prohibition on the sale or transfer of human tissue for valuable consideration, we, our officers, or employees, would potentially be subject to criminal enforcement sanctions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Many of the products we manufacture and process are derived from human tissue and therefore have the potential for disease transmission. 
 The utilization of human tissue creates the potential for transmission of communicable diseases, including, but not limited to, human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, viral hepatitis, syphilis and other viral, fungal or bacterial pathogens. We are required to comply with federal and state regulations intended to prevent communicable disease transmission. 
 Although we maintain strict quality controls over the procurement and processing of our tissue, there is no assurance that these quality controls will be adequate. In addition, negative publicity concerning disease transmission from other companies improperly processed donated tissue could have a negative impact on the demand for our products. If any of our products are implicated in the transmission of any communicable disease, our officers, employees and we could be subject to government sanctions including but not limited to recalls, and civil and criminal liability, with sanctions that include exclusion from doing business with the federal government. We could also be exposed to product liability claims from those who used or received our products as well as loss of our reputation. 
 Defects, failures, or quality issues associated with our products could lead to product recalls or safety alerts, adverse regulatory actions, litigation, including product liability claims, and negative publicity that could erode our competitive advantage and market share and materially adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Quality is extremely important to us and our customers due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure. Quality and safety issues may occur with respect to any of our products, and our future operating results will depend on our ability to maintain an effective quality control system and effectively train and manage our workforce with respect to our quality system. The development, manufacture, and control of our products are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and similar foreign agencies. Compliance with these regulatory requirements, including but not limited to the FDA s QSR, GMPs, and adverse events/recall reporting requirements in the United States and other applicable regulations worldwide, is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA and foreign regulatory authorities may also require post-market testing and surveillance to monitor the performance of approved products. Our manufacturing facilities and those of our suppliers and independent sales agencies are also subject to periodic regulatory inspections. If the FDA or a foreign authority were to conclude that we have failed to comply with any of these requirements, it could institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from a public warning letter to more severe sanctions, such as product recalls or seizures, withdrawals, monetary penalties, consent decrees, injunctive actions to halt the manufacture or distribution of products, import detentions of products made outside the United States, export restrictions, restrictions on operations or other civil or criminal sanctions. Civil or criminal sanctions could be assessed against our officers, employees, or us. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products. 
 In addition, we cannot predict the results of future legislative activity or future court decisions, any of which could increase regulatory requirements, subject us to government investigations or expose us to unexpected litigation. Any regulatory action or litigation, regardless of the merits, may result in substantial costs, divert management s attention from other business concerns, and place additional restrictions on our sales or the use of our products. In addition, negative publicity, including regarding a quality or safety issue, could damage our reputation, reduce market acceptance of our products, cause us to lose customers, and decrease demand for our products. Any actual or perceived quality issues may also result in issuances of physician s advisories against our products or cause us to conduct voluntary recalls. Any product defects or problems, regulatory action, litigation, negative publicity or recalls could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We may implement a product recall or voluntary market withdrawal, which could significantly increase our costs, damage our reputation and disrupt our business. 
 The manufacturing, marketing, and processing of our products involve an inherent risk that our products or processes may not meet manufacturing specifications, applicable regulatory requirements or quality standards. In that event, we may voluntarily implement a recall or market withdrawal or may be required to do so by a regulatory authority. A recall or market withdrawal of one of our products would be costly and would divert management resources. A recall or withdrawal of one of our products, or a similar product processed by another entity, also could impair sales of our products as a result of confusion concerning the scope of the recall or withdrawal, or as a result of the damage to our reputation for quality and safety. 
 We are subject to various governmental regulations relating to the labeling, marketing, and sale of our products. 
 Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under regulations promulgated by the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission, and similar U.S. and foreign regulations governing product labeling and advertising, distribution, sale, and marketing of our products. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Manufacturers of medical devices and biological products are permitted to promote products solely for the uses and indications set forth in the approved or cleared product labeling. A number of enforcement actions have been taken against manufacturers that promote products for off-label uses (i.e., uses that are not described in the approved or cleared labeling), including actions alleging that claims submitted to government healthcare programs for reimbursement of products that were promoted for off-label uses are fraudulent in violation of the Federal False Claims Act or other federal and state statutes and that the submission of those claims was caused by off-label promotion. The failure to comply with prohibitions on off-label promotion can result in significant monetary penalties, revocation or suspension of a company s business license, suspension of sales of certain products, product recalls, civil or criminal sanctions, exclusion from participating in federal healthcare programs, or other enforcement actions. In the United States, allegations of such wrongful conduct could also result in a corporate integrity agreement with the U.S. government that imposes significant administrative obligations and costs. 
 We and our employees and contractors are subject, directly or indirectly, to federal, state and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including false claims laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state, and foreign fraud and abuse laws. These laws may constrain our operations, including the financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell, and distribute our products. 
 U.S. federal and state laws that affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind in return for, the purchase, recommendation, leasing or furnishing of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

the federal physician self-referral law, which prohibits a physician from referring a patient to an entity with which the physician (or an immediate family member) has a financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services for which payment may be made by Medicare or Medicaid, unless an exception applies; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government payers that are false or fraudulent; 

18 U.S.C. 1347, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit a person from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or from making false or fraudulent statements to defraud any healthcare benefit program (i.e., public or private); 

federal transparency laws, including the Physician Payments Sunshine Act which requires the tracking and disclosure to the federal government by pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers of payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals as well as ownership and investment interests that are held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

state law equivalents of each of these federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical and medical device companies to comply with their industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict certain payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug and medical device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; state laws that prohibit giving gifts to licensed healthcare professionals; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts in certain circumstances, such as specific disease states. 

Activities and arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, waste, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of activities or other arrangements related to the development, marketing, or promotion of products, including pricing and discounting of products, provision of customer incentives, provision of reimbursement support, other customer support services, provision of sales commissions or other incentives to employees and independent contractors and other interactions with healthcare practitioners, other healthcare providers and patients. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrow scope of the statutory or regulatory exceptions and safe harbors available, our business activities could be challenged under one or more of these laws. Relationships between medical product manufacturers and health care providers are an area of heightened scrutiny by the government. We engage in various types of activities, including the conduct of speaker programs to educate physicians, the provision of reimbursement advice and support to customers, and the 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 provision of customer and patient support services, that have been the subject of government scrutiny and enforcement action within the medical device industry. 
 Government expectations and industry best practices for compliance continue to evolve and our past activities may not always be consistent with current industry best practices. Further, there is a lack of government guidance as to whether many varied industry practices comply with these laws, and government interpretations of these laws continue to evolve, all of which create compliance uncertainties. Any non-compliance could result in regulatory sanctions, criminal or civil liability, and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have a comprehensive compliance program designed to ensure that our employees and commercial partners activities and interactions with healthcare professionals and patients are appropriate, ethical, and consistent with all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, policies, and standards, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in preventing such conduct, mitigating risks, or reducing the chance of governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. 
 If a government entity opens an investigation into possible violations of any of these laws (which may include the issuance of subpoenas or civil investigative demands), we would have to expend significant resources to defend ourselves against the allegations. Allegations that we, our officers, or our employees violated any one of these laws can be made by individuals called whistleblowers who may be our employees, customers, competitors, or other parties. Government policy is to encourage individuals to become whistleblowers and file a complaint in federal court alleging wrongful conduct. The government is required to investigate all of these complaints and decide whether to intervene. If the government intervenes and we are required to pay money back to the government, the whistleblower, as a reward, is awarded a percentage of the collection. If the government declines to intervene, the whistleblower may proceed on their own and, if they are successful, they will receive a percentage of any judgment or settlement amount the company is required to pay. The government may also initiate an investigation on its own. Such actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines, and other sanctions that may materially impair our ability to run a profitable business. In particular, if our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or if we agree to settle with the government without admitting to any wrongful conduct or if we are found to be in violation of any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we, our officers and employees may be subject to sanctions, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations and the imposition of a corporate integrity agreement, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We could be subject to legal exposure if we do not report the average sales prices, or ASP, to government agencies or if our reporting is not accurate and complete. 
 Our products are reimbursed by Medicare in physician office settings at a rate of ASP plus 6 . All Medicare payments, including payments based on the ASP methodology, are subject to sequestration. Congress previously suspended sequestration imposed under the BCA, and there was no sequestration through March 31, 2022. On April 1, 2022, there was a 1 sequestration and beginning on July 1, 2022, the sequestration returned to 2 . Sequestration applies to the government s payment portion, which is 80 of the total payment amount. Additionally, in future years, it is possible that an up-to 4 Medicare sequestration could be ordered under Statutory PAYGO, which requires deficit neutrality in most laws passed by Congress. Until January 2022, we were not required to report ASP for all our skin substitute products that are paid separately as biologics because they are regulated as medical devices by the FDA, although we chose to report ASP for some of our products. Starting with the reporting deadline for the first quarter of 2022, we were required to report ASP for all our skin substitute products that are paid separately as biologics as a result of provisions included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020. As of January 1, 2022, we began reporting ASP for all our skin substitute products that are paid separately as biologics. The first such ASP report was made on April 30, 2022 for Q1 2022. Government price reporting requirements are complex. If we do not report ASP correctly, we may have to restate ASP for prior quarters and we could be subject to civil monetary penalties and/or, if the violation is knowing or reckless, be subject to False Claims Act liability. In the case of very serious or repeated violations, we could be excluded from doing business with the Medicare program and other federal healthcare programs. 
 We face significant uncertainty in the industry due to government healthcare reform and other legislative action. 
 There have been and continue to be laws enacted by the federal government, state governments, regulators, and third-party payers to control healthcare costs, and generally, to reform the healthcare system in the United States. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 PPACA and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 substantially changed the way healthcare is delivered and financed by both governmental and private insurers. These changes included the creation of demonstration programs and other value-based purchasing initiatives that provide financial incentives for physicians and hospitals to reduce costs, including incentives for furnishing low-cost therapies for chronic wounds even if those therapies are less effective than our products. There were extensive efforts recently to modify or repeal all or part of PPACA. Tax reform legislation was passed that includes provisions that impact healthcare insurance coverage and payment such as the elimination of the tax penalty for individuals who do not maintain health insurance coverage (the so-called individual mandate ). Such actions or similar actions 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 could have a negative effect on the utilization of our products. We expect such efforts to continue and that there may be additional reform proposals at federal and state levels. On December 18, 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld a lower court s determination in California v. Texas (orig. Texas v. Azar , 4:18-cv-00167), that the individual mandate was unconstitutional and remanded the case to the lower court for further analysis as to whether PPACA as a whole is unconstitutional because the individual mandate is not severable from other provisions of the law. The United States Supreme Court agreed to review the case and on June 17, 2021, ordered that the Fifth Circuit s decision be reversed and that the case be dismissed. 
 Additionally, on August 16, 2022, Congress passed legislation to limit the price of drugs and biological under the Medicare program. The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) establishes a Drug Price Negotiation Program that requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate the price of certain high expenditure Medicare drugs that do not have generic or biosimilar competition. The law also establishes Medicare Part B inflationary rebates, effective Q1 2023. Generally, manufacturers of Part B drugs with an ASP+6 that exceeds the inflation-adjusted payment amount from Q3 2021 will be required to pay a rebate to the Medicare program. These and similar drug pricing reforms could increase pricing pressure on our products. 
 General legislative action may also affect our business. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011 included provisions to reduce the federal deficit. The Budget Control Act, as amended, resulted in the imposition of reductions of up to 2 in Medicare payments to providers which began in April 2013 and are scheduled to remain in effect through the first six months of 2032. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act and subsequent legislation suspended the payment adjustment from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022. There was 1 Medicare sequestration from April 1 to June 30, 2022, and the 2 Medicare sequester was reinstated on July 1, 2022. Additionally, under Statutory PAYGO, a 4 Medicare sequester could be ordered at the end of the 2024 Congressional session. These or other similar reductions in government healthcare spending could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. 
 Bills currently before the United States Congress may also affect our business, if enacted. For example, during the 117 th Congressional session, the Cures 2.0 Act, H.R. 6000, 117th Cong. (2021) was introduced into the United States House of Representatives. If reintroduced in a similar form, it may contain provisions that could result in legal and regulatory changes that affect our business. These changes may include a new payment pathway for breakthrough medical devices that are FDA approved or cleared on or after a certain date. The enactment of Cures 2.0 (or similar legislation) may also accelerate FDA timelines for designation of breakthrough and RMAT therapies and also result in new requirements for the use of patient experience data and real-world evidence in regulating certain FDA products. If enacted, these changes could make it easier for our competitors to bring comparable or more advanced products to market quickly, resulting in reduced demand for our products. 
 Our sales into foreign markets expose us to risks associated with international sales and operations. 
 We are currently selling into foreign markets and plan to expand such sales. Managing a global organization is difficult, time-consuming, and expensive. Conducting international operations subjects us to risks that could be different from those faced by us in the United States. The sale and shipment of our products across international borders, as well as the purchase of components and products from international sources, subject us to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental trade, import and export and customs regulations and laws, including but not limited to, the Export Administration Regulations and trade sanctions against embargoed countries, which are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Department of the Treasury, as well as the laws and regulations administered by the Department of Commerce. These regulations limit our ability to market, sell, distribute, or otherwise transfer our products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. 
 Compliance with these regulations and laws is costly, and failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could adversely affect us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil, and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure of shipments and restrictions on certain business activities. Also, the failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could result in the disruption of our distribution and sales activities. 
 These risks may limit or disrupt our expansion, restrict the movement of funds, or result in the deprivation of contractual rights or the taking of property by nationalization or expropriation without fair compensation. Operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, including the requirements to maintain accurate information and internal controls. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. There is no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from acts committed by our employees or agents. If we 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 are found to be liable for FCPA or other violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, including contract cancellations or debarment, and loss of reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Reimbursement for our Products 
 The rate of reimbursement and coverage for the purchase of our products by government and private insurance is subject to change. 
 Sales of almost all of our products depend partly on the ability of our customers to obtain reimbursement for the cost of our products under government healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and from other global government authorities. Government healthcare programs and private health plans continuously seek to reduce healthcare costs. For example, in 2014, Medicare established a policy to stop making separate payment for our products in certain clinical settings. This policy required us to reduce prices for our products which caused significant reduction in our revenue. 
 Our success will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for the costs of such products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other third-party payers and we do not know whether such reimbursement will be available. For example, currently most private payers provide limited coverage for our PuraPly AM, PuraPly, Novachor, and NuShield products and as a result, there is limited use of these products for patients covered by private payers. 
 The continuing efforts of government agencies, private health plans, and other payers of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect: 
 the availability of our products due to restricted coverage; 

the ability of our customers to pay for our products; 

our ability to maintain pricing so as to generate revenues or achieve or maintain profitability; and 

our ability to access capital. 

The proposed updates to the MPFS for calendar year 2023 included a proposal to stop making separate payments for all skin substitutes, including all of our products, in 2024 or 2025. Instead of making separate payment for skin substitutes, Medicare would bundle the payment for skin substitutes into the payment made for the application procedure. As part of this proposal, Medicare would consider all skin substitutes to be supplies instead of biologicals and would require manufacturers of skin substitutes, including us, to apply for new HCPCS codes that would be effective starting in 2024. In the 2023 MPFS final rule, published on November 1, 2022, CMS did not finalize this bundling proposal and will consider more public input in the future; however, they may propose the same policy again or make other proposals in the future that could affect our business and our revenue. If Medicare reproposes and finalizes a policy to stop making separate payment for skin substitutes in calendar year 2024 or calendar year 2025, reimbursement for our products may not be adequate and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be negatively affected. 
 Payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both the breadth of coverage and the level of reimbursement, particularly for new therapeutic products generally or specifically for new therapeutic products that target an indication that is perceived to be well served by existing treatments. Specifically, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, enacted in 2010, contains provisions for Medicare demonstration programs that create financial incentives to treat patients with chronic wounds conservatively and not use our products. Furthermore, all our products are not paid separately in the outpatient hospital setting which is our largest customer base. This payment policy has created incentives to use our competitors products. Accordingly, even if coverage and reimbursement are provided, market acceptance of our products has been and will be adversely affected if access to coverage is administratively burdensome to obtain and/or use of our products is administratively burdensome or unprofitable for healthcare providers or less profitable than alternative treatments. In addition, Medicare, which is the major source of revenue for most of our customers, reimburses the same amounts for most of our products and the products of our competitors targeting the same indications in the hospital outpatient setting. Because in some sites of care, the reimbursement amount is not based on the cost we charge our customers for our products or the cost our competitors charge for products targeting the same indication, our customers may elect to use products cheaper than ours in order to increase their margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, and other third-party payers is usually adjusted yearly as a result of legislative, regulatory, and policy changes as well as budgetary pressures. In fact, Medicare has signaled that it may discontinue its two-tier bundling policy when it solicited comments on alternatives in its calendar year 2019 rulemaking. Changes in the policy could occur as early as calendar year 2023 and could include the establishment of a single bundle for all products which could place our products at a 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 significant competitive disadvantage. Possible reductions in, or eliminations of, coverage or reimbursement by third-party payers, or the denial of, or provision of uneconomical reimbursement for new products, as a result of these changes may affect our customers revenue and ability to purchase our products. Any changes in the healthcare regulatory, payment, or enforcement landscape relative to our customers healthcare services also have the potential to significantly affect our operations and revenue. In addition, Medicare uses regional contractors called Medicare Administrative Contractors, or MACs, to process claims, develop coverage policies and make payments within designated geographic jurisdictions. While our products are currently covered by most MACs, we cannot be certain they will be in the future. 
 Wound care supplies, such as our product line acquired from CPN Biosciences, are subject to coding verification from CMS s Pricing, Data Analysis and Coding contractor (the PDAC ). The PDAC is responsible for verifying the HCPCS Level II DMEPOS Codes for all wound care supplies. Our current wound care supplies sold through CPN have received coding verification from the PDAC and all products have HCPCS Level II codes. Additional wound care supplies that we develop or acquire will also be subject to the PDAC coding verification process. We cannot guarantee the outcome of the PDAC coding verification process. If we are unsuccessful in receiving verification of the applicable HCPCS codes for our products, our wound care supplies could be ineligible for reimbursement or reimbursed at a lower rate than appropriate for our supplies. 
 While we cannot predict the outcome of current or future legislation, we anticipate, particularly given the recent focus on healthcare reform legislation, that governmental authorities will continue to introduce initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare and restricting coverage and reimbursement for our products. If we are not successful in obtaining adequate reimbursement for our products from third-party payers, the market s acceptance of our products could be adversely affected. Inadequate reimbursement levels also likely would create downward price pressure on our products. Even if we do succeed in obtaining widespread reimbursement for our products, future changes in reimbursement policies could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The rate of reimbursement and coverage for the purchase of our products by government and private insurance (including by Medicare Administrative Contractors) is subject to uncertainty. 
 Our products are subject to varying forms of governmental and private payor reimbursement, and fluctuations in these forms of payment may adversely affect our business. For example, in sites of service where payment for skin substitutes is based on the ASP methodology, Medicare pays for skin substitutes separately from the application procedure. In this case, the Medicare payment rate for all skin substitutes (including ours) is calculated on a per square centimeter basis. These rates are adjusted quarterly based on manufacturer ASP reporting, and the payment amount is ASP plus 6 , WAC plus 3 , or invoice pricing. All Medicare payment amounts, including separate payments under the ASP methodology, are subject to sequestration. The Medicare sequestration of 2 , under the BCA, was temporarily suspended and that suspension continued through March 31, 2022. On April 1, 2022, the sequestration became 1 and it returned to 2 as of July 1, 2022. Additionally, under Statutory PAYGO, a 4 Medicare sequester could be ordered at the end of the 2024 Congressional session. Before January 2022, the Medicare statute did not require us to report ASP for our products because they are regulated by the FDA as medical devices. However, starting with the reporting deadline for the first quarter of 2022, we were required to report ASP for our products based on a provision within the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020, signed into law on December 27, 2020. 
 When ASP data are not available in the quarterly ASP file published by CMS (for instance our Affinity product in the fourth quarter of 2021), the Part A/B MACs establish payment for drugs and biologics in their jurisdiction(s). In these situations, MACs can update their reimbursement methodology as frequently as quarterly, without notice. MACs also have the discretion to establish coverage policies for all skin substitute products (including ours). Accordingly, even if coverage and reimbursement are provided, market acceptance of our products has been and will be adversely affected if access to coverage is administratively burdensome to obtain, use of our products is administratively burdensome, or is unprofitable for healthcare providers or less profitable than alternative treatments. 
 Furthermore, Medicare has signaled that it may revise its two-tiered bundled payment policy for skin substitutes. Medicare solicited comments in rulemaking for calendar year 2019 related to proposed updates and policy changes under the Medicare Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) and Ambulatory Surgical Center (ASC) Payment System. Medicare specifically solicited comments on whether it should eliminate the two-tiered bundle policy and establish a single bundle for all products. However, Medicare did not make any changes to its two-tiered payment policy in response to those comments. If CMS proposes and finalizes any revisions to its two-tiered payment policy, those changes could result in decreased reimbursement for our products which could decrease utilization and reduce our revenues. Moreover, any new policy could result in a financial incentive for hospitals and ASCs to use our competitor s products, thereby reducing our market share and revenue. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups, third-party payers, and governmental organizations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Many existing and potential customers for our products within the United States are members of GPOs and/or IDNs, including accountable care organizations or public-based purchasing organizations, and our business is partly dependent on major contracts with these organizations. Our products can be contracted under national tenders or with larger hospital GPOs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to affiliated hospitals and other members. GPOs and IDNs typically award contracts on a category-by-category basis through a competitive bidding process. At any given time, we are typically at various stages of responding to bids and negotiating and renewing GPO and IDN agreements, including agreements that would otherwise expire. Bids are generally solicited from multiple manufacturers or service providers with the intention of obtaining lower pricing. Due to the highly competitive nature of the bidding process and the GPO and IDN contracting processes in the United States, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio. Failure to be included in certain of these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, while having a contract with a major purchaser, such as a GPO or IDN, for a given product category can facilitate sales, sales volumes of those products may not be maintained. For example, GPOs and IDNs are increasingly awarding contracts to multiple suppliers for the same product category. Even when we are the sole contracted supplier of a GPO or IDN for a certain product category, members of the GPO or IDN generally are free to purchase from other suppliers. Furthermore, GPO and IDN contracts typically are terminable without cause upon 60 to 90 days notice. The healthcare industry has been consolidating, and the consolidation among third-party payers into larger purchasing groups will increase their negotiating and purchasing power. Such consolidation may result in greater pricing pressure on us due to pricing concessions and may further exacerbate the risks described above. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our patents and other intellectual property rights may not adequately protect our products. 
 Our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology and manufacturing processes. We rely on manufacturing and other know-how, patents, trade secrets, trademarks, license agreements, and contractual provisions to establish our intellectual property rights and protect our products. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights. The failure to obtain, maintain, enforce, or defend such intellectual property rights, for any reason, could allow third parties to make competing products or impact our ability to develop, manufacture and market our own products on a commercially viable basis, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In particular, we rely primarily on trade secrets, know-how, and other unpatented technology, which are difficult to protect. Although we seek such protection in part by entering into confidentiality agreements with our vendors, employees, consultants, and others who may have access to proprietary information, we cannot be certain that these agreements will not be breached, adequate remedies for any breach would be available or our trade secrets, know-how, and other unpatented proprietary technology will not otherwise become known to or be independently developed by our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in protecting our intellectual property rights, sales of our products may suffer and our ability to generate revenue could be severely impacted. 
 We have filed applications to register various trademarks for use in connection with our products in various countries and also, with respect to certain products, rely on the trademarks of third parties. These trademarks may not afford adequate protection. We or these third parties also may not have the financial resources to enforce the rights under these trademarks which may enable others to use the trademarks and dilute their value. Additionally, our marks may be found to conflict with the trademarks of third parties. In such a case, we may not be able to derive any value from such trademarks or, even, may be required to cease using the conflicting mark. The value of our trademarks may also be diminished by our own actions, such as failing to impose appropriate quality control when licensing our trademarks. Any of the foregoing could impair the value of, or ability to use, our trademarks and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Most of the key patents related to our marketed products are expired. We have no patent protection covering, for example, our Apligraf, Dermagraft, or NuShield products. However, in addition to trade secrets, trademarks, know-how, and other unpatented technology, we have pursued and plan to continue to pursue patent protection where we believe that doing so offers potential commercial benefits. However, we may be incorrect in our assessments of whether or when to pursue patent protection. Moreover, patents may not issue from any of our pending patent applications. Even if we obtain or in-license issued patents, such patent rights may not provide valid patent protection sufficiently broad to prevent any third party from developing, using, or commercializing products that are similar or functionally equivalent to our products or technologies, or otherwise provide any competitive advantage. In addition, these patent rights may be challenged, revoked, invalidated, infringed, or circumvented by third parties. Laws relating to such rights may in the future be changed or withdrawn in a manner adverse to us. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Additionally, our products or the technologies or processes used to formulate or manufacture our products may now, or in the future, infringe the patent rights of third parties. It is also possible that third parties will obtain patent or other proprietary rights that might be necessary or useful for the development, manufacture, or sale of our products. In such cases, we may need or choose to obtain licenses for intellectual property rights from others and it is possible that we may not be able to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 Pending and future intellectual property litigation could be costly and disruptive and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We operate in an industry characterized by extensive intellectual property litigation. Defending intellectual property litigation is expensive and complex, takes significant time and diverts management s attention from other business concerns, and the outcomes are difficult to predict. We have in the past been subject to claims that our products or technology violate a third party s intellectual property rights, and we may be subject to such assertions in the future. Any pending or future intellectual property litigation may result in significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or could force us to seek a license and/or make significant royalty or other payments in order to continue selling the affected products. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We have in the past and may in the future choose to settle disputes involving third-party intellectual property by taking a license. Such licenses or other settlements may involve, for example, upfront payments, yearly maintenance fees and royalties. At any given time, we may be involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of intellectual property actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement or misappropriation against us could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, our employees, or our independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets, proprietary or confidential information of our competitors or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors. 
 Some of our employees were previously employed at other medical device, pharmaceutical, or biotechnology companies. We may also hire additional employees who are currently employed at other medical device, pharmaceutical, or biotechnology companies, including our competitors. Additionally, consultants or other independent agents with whom we may contract may be or have been in a contractual arrangement with one or more of our competitors. Although no claims are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that we, our employees, or our independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of these former employers or competitors. In addition, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims that we caused an employee to breach the terms of his or her non-competition or non-solicitation agreement. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we fail to defend such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. There can be no assurance that this type of litigation will not occur, and any future litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire additional direct sales representatives, or other personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to market existing or new products, which could severely harm our business. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming, and ultimately unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe or misappropriate the patents or other intellectual property that we own or license. In response, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us, such as alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent that we own or license is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or conclude that there is no infringement. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to the patents or patent applications that we own or license. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the invention or attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets and know-how, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Despite our efforts, agreements may be breached and security measures may fail, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach or failure. In addition, our trade secrets and know-how may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of the patents and other intellectual property that we own or license. 
 We may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators, or other third parties have an ownership interest in the patents and intellectual property that we own or license. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements obligating them to assign such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own; our licensors may face similar obstacles. We could be subject to ownership disputes arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against any claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, we may have to pay monetary damages and may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and other fees on patents and patent applications will be due to be paid to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and similar foreign agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and patent applications. We rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to foreign patent agencies. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other provisions during the patent application process. We employ law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 C hanges in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 Success in the biopharmaceutical industry is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and therefore obtaining and enforcing pharmaceutical patents is costly, time-consuming, and inherently uncertain. 
 Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs of prosecuting patent applications and enforcing and defending patents. Enacted in 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, made significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the prosecution of patent applications and also affect patent litigation. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, including the first to file provisions, only became effective in March 2013. The full impact of the Leahy-Smith Act on our business is not yet clear, but it could result in increased costs and more limited patent protection, either of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Moreover, recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty regarding our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty regarding the value of any patents we do obtain. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce any current or future patents that we may own or license. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 71.3 million of aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding under our 2021 Credit Agreement. Our indebtedness increases the risk that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay amounts due in respect of our indebtedness and could have other important consequences to our debt holders and significant effects on our business. For example, it could: 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry, and competitive conditions; 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to making payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates, and we may not be able to enter into interest rate swaps and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk; 

restrict us from capitalizing on business opportunities; 

make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including payments on our indebtedness; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy, or other general corporate purposes. 

In addition, the credit agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities collateralize substantially all of our personal property and assets, including our intellectual property, and contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. 
 We may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the credit agreements governing our senior secured and subordinated credit facilities limit our ability and the ability of our present and future subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, the terms of the senior secured and subordinated credit facilities permit us to incur significant additional indebtedness under certain circumstances. In addition, the credit agreements governing our senior secured and subordinated credit facilities do not prohibit us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness as defined therein. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness or such other obligations, the risk associated with our substantial indebtedness described above, including our potential inability to service our debt, will increase. 
 We will require a significant amount of cash to service our debt, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund working capital needs and planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, we may 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 not be able to effect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, including the credit agreements governing our senior and subordinated secured credit facilities, may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as on our ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of the senior and subordinated secured credit facilities and our other indebtedness. 
 Our failure to comply with the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If there were an event of default under any of the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be due and payable immediately. We cannot guarantee that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under our secured debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness. In addition, any event of default or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument could also result in an event of default under one or more of our other debt instruments. As a result, any default by us on our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The credit agreements governing our senior secured credit facility and our subordinated credit facility restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The credit agreements governing our senior secured credit facility and our subordinated credit facility are collateralized by substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property, and impose significant operating and financial restrictions and limit our ability and our other restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness for borrowed money and guarantee indebtedness; 

pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock; 

enter into any new line of business not reasonably related to our existing business; 

prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 

make loans and investments; 

sell or otherwise dispose of assets; 

incur liens; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; and 

enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 

As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are and will be limited in how we conduct our business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. In addition, our senior secured credit facility requires us to comply with a minimum consolidated revenue covenant (measured on a trailing twelve-month basis) and a minimum monthly liquidity ratio (measured as of the last day of each month). The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the senior secured credit facility, as well as any future financing agreements that we may enter into, may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in business activities or expand or fully pursue our business strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to meet those covenants. For example, in the past, we have not been in compliance with certain financial covenants in our debt agreements, which may occur again in the future. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above as well as others contained in our future debt instruments from time to time could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 The Significant Stockholder Group exercises significant control over us, and their interests may conflict with yours in the future. 
 Alan A. Ades, Albert Erani, Glenn H. Nussdorf, Dennis Erani, Starr Wisdom, and certain of their respective affiliates, including Organo PFG LLC, Organo Investors LLC, Dennis Erani 2012 Issue Trust, Alan Ades as Trustee of the Alan Ades 2014 GRAT, Albert Erani Family Trust dated 12/29/2012, GN 2016 Family Trust u/a/d August 12, 2016, GN 2016 Organo 10-Year GRAT u/a/d September 30, 2016 and RED Holdings, LLC, who we refer to collectively as the Significant Stockholder Group, control a significant amount of the voting power of the outstanding Class A common stock. As of February 15, 2023, the Significant Stockholder Group collectively beneficially owns approximately 45 of the Company s Class A common stock. As a result of this voting control, the Significant Stockholder Group collectively can effectively determine the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, the election and removal of the Company s directors (including the right to designate four of our directors pursuant to the terms of an agreement between the Company and the Significant Stockholder Group), as well as other matters of corporate or management policy (such as potential mergers or acquisitions, payment of dividends, asset sales, and amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws). This concentration of ownership may delay or deter possible changes in control and limit the liquidity of the trading market for the Company s Class A common stock, which may reduce the value of an investment in its Class A common stock. This voting control could also deprive stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of Class A common stock as part of a potential sale of the Company. So long as the Significant Stockholder Group and their affiliates continue to own a significant amount of the Company s combined voting power, they may continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control its decisions. The interests of the Significant Stockholder Group and their affiliates may not coincide with the interests of other holders of the Company Class A common stock. 
 In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Significant Stockholder Group and their affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other stockholders. In addition, the Significant Stockholder Group may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 Our stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. Fluctuations in revenue or results of operations could cause additional volatility in our stock price and thus our stockholders could incur substantial losses. 
 Our stock price has been volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies, which in some cases has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Any unanticipated shortfall in our revenue in any fiscal quarter could have an adverse effect on our results of operations in that quarter. The effect on our net income of such a shortfall could be exacerbated by the relatively fixed nature of most of our costs, which primarily include personnel costs as well as facilities costs. These fluctuations could cause the trading price of our stock to be negatively affected. Our quarterly operating results have varied substantially in the past and may vary substantially in the future. 
 Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their shares have been the subject of securities class action litigation, as we are and as disclosed in Item 3, Legal Proceedings . Any lawsuit to which we are a party, with or without merit, may result in an unfavorable judgment. We also may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms. 
 Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial damages or fines, damage to our reputation or adverse changes to our business practices. Defending against litigation is costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management s attention and our resources. Furthermore, during the course of litigation, there could be negative public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a negative effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Company bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by the Company stockholders, which could limit the ability of the Company stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or with directors, officers or employees of the Company and may discourage stockholders from bringing such claims. 
 Under the Company bylaws, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum will be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; 

any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any wrongdoing by, any director, officer or employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders; 

any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation (including as it may be amended from time to time), or the bylaws; 

any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws; or 

any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case, except for, (1) any action as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten (10) days following such determination) and (2) any action asserted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, for which federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

These provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws could limit the ability of the Company stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for certain disputes with the Company or with its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers, and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the types of actions or proceedings listed above including, without limitation, any actions asserted under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the Company s forum selection provision with respect to any actions asserted under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Provisions in the Company s charter may inhibit a takeover of the Company, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Company's Class A common stock and could entrench management. 
 The Company s certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include the ability of the Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for the Company s securities. 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We are currently and in the future may be, subject to securities class action litigation or other litigation that could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert management s attention, and result in harm to our business. 
 We are exposed to potential liabilities and reputational risk associated with securities class action litigation. We are party to a securities class action lawsuit as disclosed in Item 3, Legal Proceedings . We may be subject to additional lawsuits, including class action or securities derivative lawsuits as well as incur additional legal fees and may face negative impacts to our stock price and reputation. In addition, we are obligated to indemnify and advance expenses to certain individuals involved in certain of these proceedings. 
 Any adverse judgment in or settlement of any pending or any future litigation could result in significant payments, fines and penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. Such payments, damages or settlement costs, if any, related to these matters could be in excess of our insurance coverage. The amount of time that is required to resolve these lawsuits is unpredictable and any litigation or claims against us, even those without merit, may cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention from the day-to-day operation of our business, and materially harm our reputation. 
 We face significant and continuing competition, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We face significant and continuing competition in our business, which is characterized by rapid technological change and significant price competition. Market share can shift as a result of technological innovation and other business factors. Our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, clinical outcomes, economic outcomes, price, and services provided by the manufacturer. Our ability to compete depends in large part on our ability to provide compelling clinical and economic benefits to our customers and payers, develop and commercialize new products and technologies and anticipate technological advances. Product introductions or enhancements by competitors which may have advanced technology, better features, or lower pricing may make our products obsolete or less competitive. In addition, consolidation in the healthcare industry continues to lead the demand for price concessions or to the exclusion of some suppliers from certain of our markets, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. The presence of this competition in our market may lead to pricing pressure, which would make it more difficult to sell our products at a price that will make us profitable or prevent us from selling our products at all. As a result, we will be required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to bring our products under development to market, deliver cost-effective clinical outcomes, expand our geographic reach, enhance our existing products, and develop new products for the advanced wound care and soft tissue repair markets. Even if we develop cost effective and/or new products, they may not be covered or reimbursed due to cost-containment and other financial pressures from payers. 
 Our future capital needs are uncertain and we may need to raise funds in the future, and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Continued expansion of our business will be expensive and we may seek funds from stock offerings, borrowings under our existing or future credit facilities or other sources. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the revenues generated by sales of our products; 

the costs associated with expanding our sales and marketing efforts; 

the expenses we incur in manufacturing and selling our products; 

the costs of developing and commercializing new products or technologies; 

the cost of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval or clearance of certain products and products in development; 

the number and timing of acquisitions and other strategic transactions such as our acquisitions of NuTech Medical and CPN Biosciences, and integration costs associated with such acquisitions; 

the costs associated with capital expenditures; and 

unanticipated general, legal, and administrative expenses. 

Our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us and we may need additional funds sooner than planned. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Furthermore, if we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise capital, you may experience dilution, and the new equity or convertible debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to or otherwise adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. In addition, if we raise capital through collaboration, licensing or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our products, potential products or proprietary technologies, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we cannot raise capital on acceptable terms, we may not be able to develop our product candidates, enhance our existing products, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressure, changes in our supplier relationships, or unanticipated customer requirements. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key employees, consultants and advisors, and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 We are highly dependent on our executive officers, the loss of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. In particular, we depend on Gary Gillheeney, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees, consultants and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of skilled executives and scientific personnel in our industry, which is likely to continue. As a result, competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous medical device companies for individuals with similar skill sets. The inability to recruit or loss of the services of any executive, key employee, consultant or advisor may impede the progress of our research, development, and sales growth objectives. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our employees and consultants will depend in part on our ability to offer attractive compensation. We may also need to increase the level of cash compensation that we pay to them, which may reduce funds available for research and development and support of our sales growth objectives. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient cash available to offer our employees and consultants attractive compensation. 
 
 Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees and our inability to find suitable replacements could potentially harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We do not maintain key person insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or any of our other employees. 
 Many of the companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have substantially greater financial and other resources and different risk profiles than we do. They may also provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we can offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can discover, develop and commercialize product candidates will be limited. 
 Business or economic disruptions or global health concerns could seriously harm our business. 
 Broad-based business or economic disruptions could adversely affect our business and the sale of our products. For example, in December 2019 an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan, China, and spread to a number of other countries, including the United States. This outbreak resulted in extended shutdowns of certain businesses throughout the world. While the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially adversely affected our financial results and business operations through December 31, 2022, COVID-19 continues to present risks to the Company and we continue to closely monitor the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business. Global health concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, often disproportionately impact the hospitals, clinics, and healthcare providers to whom we sell our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operation and financial condition. 
 Uncertainty and adverse changes in the general economic conditions may negatively affect our business. 
 If general economic conditions in the United States decline, or if consumers fear that economic conditions will decline, sales of our products may decline. Adverse changes may occur as a result of adverse economic conditions, fluctuating oil prices, supply chain problems, inflation, political instability, declining consumer confidence, a continuation or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic, unemployment, fluctuations in stock markets, contraction of credit availability, or other factors affecting economic conditions generally. These changes may negatively affect the sales of our existing or development of future products, increase the cost, and decrease the availability of financing, or increase costs associated with producing and distributing our products and potential product candidates. 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business are highly complex. These matters include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, leases, income taxes, impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets and equity-based compensation. Changes in these rules, guidelines or interpretations could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. 
 In addition, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of net revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 
 Our failure to comply with regulatory obligations could result in negative effects on our business. 
 The failure by us or one of our suppliers to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in, among other things, the FDA or other governmental authorities: 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 imposing fines and penalties on us; 

preventing us from manufacturing or selling our products; 

delaying or denying pending applications for approval or clearance of our products or of new uses or modifications to our existing products, or withdrawing or suspending current approvals or clearances; 

ordering or requesting a recall of our products; 

issuing warning letters or untitled letters; 

imposing operating restrictions, including a partial or total shutdown of production or investigation of any or all of our products; 

refusing to permit to import or export of our products; 

detaining or seizing our products; 

obtaining injunctions preventing us from manufacturing or distributing any or all of our products; 

commencing criminal prosecutions or seeking civil penalties; and 

requiring changes in our advertising and promotion practices. 

Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could also result in civil actions against us by private parties (e.g., under the federal Lanham Act and/or state unfair competition laws), and other unanticipated negative consequences. If any of these actions were to occur it could harm our reputation and cause our product sales to suffer and may prevent us from generating revenue. 
 Our officers, employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or activities that are improper under other laws and regulations, which would create liability for us. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our officers, employees, independent contractors (including contract research organizations, or CROs), principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity and/or may fail to disclose unauthorized activities to us. Misconduct by these parties could include, but is not limited to, intentional, reckless and/or negligent failures to comply with: 
 the laws and regulations of the FDA and its foreign counterparts requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such regulatory bodies, including but not limited to safety problems associated with the use of our products; 

laws and regulations of the FDA and its foreign counterparts concerning the conduct of clinical trials and the protection of human research subjects; 

other laws and regulations of the FDA and its foreign counterparts relating to the manufacture, processing, packing, holding, investigating or distributing in commerce of medical devices, biological products and/or HCT/Ps; or 

manufacturing standards we have established. 

In particular, companies involved in the manufacture of medical products are subject to laws and regulations intended to ensure that medical products that will be used in patients are safe and effective, and specifically that they are not adulterated or contaminated, that they are properly labeled, and have the identity, strength, quality and purity that which they are represented to possess. Further, companies involved in the research and development of medical products are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to protect research subjects and ensure the integrity of data generated from clinical trials and of the regulatory review process. Any misconduct in any of these areas whether by our own employees or by contractors, vendors, business associates, consultants, or other entities acting as our agents could result in regulatory sanctions, criminal or civil liability and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have a comprehensive compliance program designed to ensure that our employees , CRO partners , principal investigators , consultants , and commercial partners activities and interactions with healthcare professionals and patients are appropriate, ethical, and consistent with all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, policies and standards, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in preventing such conduct, mitigating risks, or reducing the chance of governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines, and other sanctions that may materially impair our ability to run a profitable business. 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment, manufacture and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of the Company s income or other tax returns could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company is subject to income tax in the United States and Switzerland, and the Company s domestic tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. The Company s future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 

tax effects of stock-based compensation; 

costs related to intercompany restructurings; 

changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; and 

lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where the Company has lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where the Company has higher statutory tax rates. 

In addition, the Company may be subject to audits of the Company s income, sales and other taxes by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 A market for the Company s securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of the Company s securities. 
 The price of the Company s securities may fluctuate significantly due to general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for the Company s securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of the Company s securities can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, the Company s general business condition and the release of the Company s financial reports. Additionally, if the Company s securities are not listed on, or become delisted from, Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of the Company s securities may be more limited than if the Company was quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 The Company s quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control, resulting in a decline in the Company s stock price. 
 The Company s quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of several factors, including: 
 labor availability and costs for hourly and management personnel; 

profitability of the Company s products, especially in new markets and due to seasonal fluctuations; 

68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 changes in interest or exchange rates; 

impairment of long-lived assets; 

macroeconomic conditions, both nationally and locally; 

negative publicity relating to our products; 

changes in consumer preferences and competitive conditions; and 

expansion to new markets. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the Company, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Company Class A common stock adversely, then the price and trading volume of the Company Class A common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for the Company Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, the Company s business, the Company s market, or the Company s competitors. Securities and industry analysts may stop publishing research on the Company. If any analyst who covers the Company were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the Company s stock price or trading volume to decline. If any of the analysts who cover the Company change their recommendation regarding the Company s stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about the Company s competitors, the price of the Company Class A common stock would likely decline. 
 Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect the Company s business, investments and results of operations. 
 The Company is subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and Nasdaq. In particular, the Company is required to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules is difficult, time-consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our securities. 
 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our securities. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of the securities and would impair your ability to sell or purchase the securities when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our securities to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our securities from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. Additionally, if our securities are not listed on, or become delisted from, Nasdaq for any reason, trading our common stock could be conducted only in the over-the-counter OTC market or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located on our four-building campus in Canton, Massachusetts, comprising approximately 300,000 square feet of leased and purchased space devoted to manufacturing, shipping, operations, and research and development. Three of the buildings are leased. The leases were initially set to expire on December 31, 2022, and were subsequently extended to December 31, 2027 when we exercised an option to renew these leases for an additional five-year term in December 2021. We lease the buildings in Canton from entities that are controlled by Alan A. Ades, Albert Erani, Dennis Erani and Glenn H. Nussdorf, who are also our stockholders. In addition, Messrs. Ades and Nussdorf are members of our Board of Directors. 
 In Norwood, Massachusetts, we have a leased facility of approximately 43,850 square feet for office and laboratory use. The lease commenced on March 13, 2019. The rent commencement date was February 1, 2020. The initial lease term is ten years from the rent commencement date and was extended for additional five years in December 2021. We have an option to extend the term for another ten years if exercised within 16-24 months from the end of the lease term. 
 With the expiration of the La Jolla facility leases on December 31, 2021, we entered into a lease in August 2020 for approximately 23,000 square feet in San Diego, California for office and laboratory use. The lease commenced on April 1, 2021. The initial lease term is ten years from the lease commencement date, with an option to extend the term for a period of five years. 
 In San Diego, California, we have leased a warehouse of approximately 19,000 square feet to store the manufacturing equipment from the La Jolla facilities. The lease expires on June 30, 2024. 
 In Birmingham, Alabama, we had a leased facility of approximately 25,000 square feet to support our amniotic products. The lease expired on December 31, 2022. We moved the operation from Birmingham, Alabama to our Canton, Massachusetts campus. We continue to maintain our R D operations in Birmingham in a small leased facility. 
 ITEM 3. LE GAL PROCEEDINGS 
 On December 10, 2021, a class action complaint captioned Somogyi v. Organogenesis Holdings Inc., et al. was filed on behalf of a putative class of all purchasers of our securities against us and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The court appointed Donald Martin as lead plaintiff. Mr. Martin filed an amended complaint on October 24, 2022 that brings claims on behalf of a purported class of all purchasers of our securities from August 10, 2020 through August 9, 2022 and alleges violations of federal securities law in connection with alleged false and misleading statements with respect to, among other matters, revenue, sales growth and ability to compete in connection with our Affinity and PuraPly XT products. The complaint alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seeks unquantified damages as well as attorneys fees, expert fees and other costs. The action is in the early stages of litigation. We believe the claims are without merit and intend to vigorously contest them. We are currently preparing our papers in support of our motion to dismiss the litigation for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. 
 We are not a party to any other material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. These matters may include intellectual property, employment and other general claims. With respect to our outstanding legal matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the outcome of such legal matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SA FETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOC KHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ORGO . As of February 15, 2023, a total of 131,176,200 shares of our Class A common stock were outstanding and we had 583 holders of record of our Class A common stock. This number does not include shareholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 
 Dividend policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of our 2021 Credit Agreement restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock without the bank s consent. 
 Stock Performance Graph (1) 
 The following graph shows a comparison from December 29, 2017 through December 31, 2022 of cumulative total return on assumed investments of 100.00 in cash in each of our Class A common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. For the period beginning on December 29, 2017 through December 10, 2018, the graph reflects cumulative total return based on the price per share of the Class A common stock of our predecessor company, Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp., prior to the closing of our business combination. 
 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE YEARS CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Organogenesis Holdings Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index, 
 and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index 

71 
 
 Table of Contents 

(1) This performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSIO N AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and projections. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, for purposes of this section, the terms we, us, the Company, Organogenesis or our company refer to Organogenesis Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries as they currently exist. 
 Overview 
 Organogenesis is a leading regenerative medicine company focused on the development, manufacture, and commercialization of solutions for the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine markets. Our products have been shown through clinical and scientific studies to support and in some cases accelerate tissue healing and improve patient outcomes. We are advancing the standard of care in each phase of the healing process through multiple breakthroughs in tissue engineering and cell therapy. Our solutions address large and growing markets driven by aging demographics and increases in comorbidities such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and peripheral vascular disease and smoking. We offer our differentiated products and in-house customer support to a wide range of health care customers including hospitals, wound care centers, government facilities, ambulatory service centers ASCs and physician offices. Our mission is to provide integrated healing solutions that substantially improve medical outcomes and the lives of patients while lowering the overall cost of care. 
 We offer a comprehensive portfolio of products in the markets we serve that address patient needs across the continuum of care. We have and intend to continue to generate data from clinical trials, real-world outcomes and health economics research that validate the clinical efficacy and value proposition offered by our products. Several of our existing and pipeline products in our portfolio have premarket approval PMA ), or 510(k) clearance from the FDA. Given the extensive time and cost required to conduct clinical trials and receive FDA approvals, we believe that our data and regulatory approvals provide us with a strong competitive advantage. Our product development expertise and multiple technology platforms provide a robust product pipeline, which we believe will drive future growth. 
 In the Advanced Wound Care market, we focus on the development and commercialization of advanced wound care products for the treatment of chronic and acute wounds in various treatment settings. We have a comprehensive portfolio of regenerative medicine products capable of supporting patients from early in the wound healing process through wound closure regardless of wound type. Our Advanced Wound Care products include Apligraf for the treatment of venous leg ulcers VLUs and diabetic foot ulcers DFUs ); Dermagraft for the treatment of DFUs (manufacturing currently suspended pending transition to a new manufacturing facility or engagement of a third-party manufacturer); PuraPly AM as an antimicrobial barrier for a broad variety of wound types; and the Affinity, Novachor and NuShield wound coverings to address a variety of wound sizes and types. We have a highly trained and specialized direct wound care sales force paired with comprehensive customer support services. 
 In the Surgical Sports Medicine market, we are leveraging our broad regenerative medicine capabilities to address chronic and acute surgical wounds and tendon and ligament injuries. Our Sports Medicine products include NuShield for surgical applications in targeted soft tissue repairs; and Affinity, Novachor, PuraPly MZ, and PuraPly AM for management of open wounds in the surgical setting. We currently sell these products through independent agencies and our direct sales force. 
 We generated net revenue of 450.9 million, 467.4 million, and 338.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We reported net income of 15.5 million, 94.2 (which includes a 48.3 million benefit from release of a tax valuation allowance), and 17.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. While we reported net income for the most recent three years, we have incurred significant losses since inception and we may incur operating losses in the future as we expend resources as part of our efforts to grow our organization to support the planned expansion of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 45.3 million. Our primary sources of capital to date have been from sales of our products, borrowings from related parties and institutional lenders and proceeds from the sale of our Class A common stock. We operate as one segment of regenerative medicine. 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 COVID-19 pandemic 
 On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced it will end the public health emergency (and national emergency) declarations related to COVID-19 on May 11, 2023. While the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially adversely affected our financial results and business operations through December 31, 2022, COVID-19 continues to present risks to the Company and we continue to closely monitor the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business. We are unable to predict the impact that COVID-19 (including the emergence of new variants) will have on our financial position and operating results in the future. 
 CPN Acquisition 
 On September 17, 2020, we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of CPN Biosciences, LLC CPN pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated July 24, 2020. This transaction was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . The aggregated consideration amounted to 19.0 million as of the acquisition date which consisted of 6.4 million in cash, 2,151,438 shares of our common stock with a fair value of 8.8 million, and a contingent consideration (the Earnout with a fair value at such time of 3.8 million. At the closing, we paid 5.8 million in cash and issued 1,947,953 shares of our Class A common stock. The remaining consideration of 1.4 million was held back and was released in April 2022 by the Company paying 0.6 million in cash and issuing 203,485 shares of the Company s Class A common stock to the former equity holders of CPN. As of the conclusion of the Earnout period on June 30, 2022, the Company calculated the Earnout liability to be 0. 
 The results of operations of CPN have been included in our consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date. 
 Dermagraft 
 As previously disclosed, manufacturing of Dermagraft was suspended in the fourth quarter of 2021 and sales of Dermagraft were suspended in the second quarter of 2022. We currently plan to transition our Dermagraft manufacturing to a new manufacturing facility or engage a third-party manufacturer, which we expect will result in substantial long-term cost savings. In the period when Dermagraft is not available, we expect that customers will be willing to substitute Apligraf for Dermagraft and that the suspension of Dermagraft sales will not have a material impact on our net revenue. However, if we do not realize the expected substantial long-term cost savings or if customers are unwilling to substitute Apligraf for Dermagraft during the period in which Dermagraft is unavailable, it could have an adverse effect on our net revenue and results of operations. 
 Management s Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 Our management uses financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, in addition to financial measures in accordance with GAAP to evaluate our operating results. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplemental to, and not a substitute for, our reported financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our operating performance and trends and make planning decisions. Our management believes Adjusted EBITDA helps identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of the items that we exclude. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results, enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allowing for greater transparency with respect to key financial metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making. 
 We define EBITDA as net income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, interest expense and income taxes. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, further adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. These items include non-cash equity compensation, restructuring charges, loss on the extinguishment of debt, mark-to-market adjustments on our Earnout liability, transaction costs related to CPN acquisition, gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration, recovery of certain notes receivable from related parties, write-off of the capitalized costs related to certain unfinished construction work, the cancellation fee for terminating certain agreements or pausing a certain construction project, and settlement fee for a certain dispute. We have presented Adjusted EBITDA in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because it is a key measure used by our management and Board of Directors to understand and evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital. In particular, we believe that the exclusion of certain items in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can produce a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business. 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA is not prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 rather than net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets that we currently depreciate and amortize will likely have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the cash required to fund such replacements; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service payments on our debt; 

Adjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring non-cash expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the effect of earnings or charges resulting from matters that our management does not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operations. However, some of these charges and gains (such as restructuring charge, mark-to-market adjustments, etc.) have recurred and may recur; and 

Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Because of these limitations, we consider, and you should consider, Adjusted EBITDA together with other operating and financial performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA from net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, has been included herein. 
 Components of Our Consolidated Results of Operations 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. We believe the items discussed below provide insight into the factors that affect these key measures. 
 Revenue 
 We derive our net revenue from our portfolio of Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products. We primarily sell our Advanced Wound Care products through direct sales representatives who manage and maintain the sales relationships with hospitals, wound care centers, government facilities, ASCs, and physician offices. We primarily sell our Surgical Sports Medicine products through third-party agencies. 
 We recognize revenue from sales of our Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products when the customer obtains control of our product, which occurs at a point in time and may be upon procedure date, shipment, or delivery, based on the contractual terms of a contract. We record revenue net of a reserve for returns, discounts and GPO rebates, which represent a direct reduction to the revenue we recognize. 
 Several factors affect our reported revenue in any period, including product, payer and geographic sales mix, operational effectiveness, pricing realization, marketing and promotional efforts, the timing of orders and shipments, regulatory actions including healthcare reimbursement scenarios, competition and business acquisitions. 
 Cost of goods sold and gross profit 
 Cost of goods sold includes personnel costs, product testing costs, quality assurance costs, raw materials and product costs, manufacturing costs, and the costs associated with our manufacturing and warehouse facilities. The changes in our cost of goods sold correspond with the changes in sales units and are also affected by product mix. 
 Gross profit is calculated as net revenue less cost of goods sold and generally increases as revenue increases. Our gross profit is affected by product and geographic sales mix, realized pricing of our products, the efficiency of our manufacturing operations and the costs of materials used and fees charged by third-party manufacturers to produce our products. Regulatory actions, including healthcare reimbursement scenarios, which may require costly expenditures or result in pricing pressures, may decrease our gross profit. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses generally include personnel costs for sales, marketing, sales support, customer support, and general and administrative personnel, sales commissions, incentive compensation, insurance, professional fees, depreciation, amortization, bad debt expense, royalties, information systems costs, gain or loss on disposal of long-lived assets, and costs associated with our administrative facilities. We generally expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 increase due to increased investments in market development and the geographic expansion of our sales forces as we drive for continued revenue growth. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses include personnel costs for our research and development personnel, expenses related to improvements in our manufacturing processes, enhancements to our currently available products, and additional investments in our product and platform development pipeline. Our research and development expenses also include expenses for clinical trials. We expense research and development costs as incurred. We generally expect that research and development expenses will increase as we continue to conduct clinical trials on new and existing products, move products through the regulatory pathway (e.g., seek BLA approval), bring new products to market, and enhance our manufacturing process and procedures. 
 Other expense, net 
 Interest expense Interest expense consists of interest on our outstanding indebtedness, including amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs, net of interest income recognized. 
 Loss on the extinguishment of debt In August 2021, upon entering into the 2021 Credit Agreement, we paid an aggregate amount of 70.6 million associated with the termination of the 2019 Credit Agreement, including unpaid principal, accrued interest, the Final Payment and a prepayment fee. We recognized 1.9 million as loss on the extinguishment of the loan for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration In February 2020, we settled a dispute on the 5.0 million deferred acquisition consideration with the sellers of NuTech Medical for 4.0 million and assumed from the sellers of NuTech Medical the responsibilities related to a legacy lawsuit of NuTech Medical which was settled in October 2020. In connection with the settlement of this dispute and the legacy lawsuit, we recorded a gain of 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Income taxes 
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Valuation allowances are provided when necessary to reduce net deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 In determining whether a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is necessary, we analyze both positive and negative evidence related to the realization of deferred tax assets including projected future taxable income, recent financial results and estimates of future reversals of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we consider whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. In consideration of the factors discussed above, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we determined it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets would be realized in the future and released the valuation allowance on our net U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021, resulting in a benefit of 48.3 million in income taxes. We maintained the same position that our net U.S. deferred tax assets did not require a valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our U.S. provision for income taxes relates to current tax expense associated with taxable income that could not be offset by state net operating losses. We have utilized net operating losses to offset all of the 2022 federal taxable income but have exhausted net operating losses and are subject to limitations in the net operating loss utilization in certain states. We have also recorded a foreign provision for income taxes related to our wholly-owned subsidiary in Switzerland. 
 We account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the consolidated financial statements by applying a two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized. First, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The provision for income taxes includes the effects of any resulting tax reserves, or unrecognized tax benefits, that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our results of operations: 
 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net revenue 

450,893 

467,359 

338,298 

Cost of goods sold 

105,019 

114,199 

87,319 

Gross profit 

345,874 

353,160 

250,979 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

283,808 

250,200 

204,193 

Research and development 

39,762 

30,742 

20,086 

Total operating expenses 

323,570 

280,942 

224,279 

Income from operations 

22,304 

72,218 

26,700 

Other expense, net: 

Interest expense 

(2,009) 

(7,236) 

(11,279) 

Gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration 

- 

- 

2,246 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 

- 

(1,883) 

- 

Other income (loss), net 

(13) 

(13) 

97 

Total other expense, net 

(2,022) 

(9,132) 

(8,936) 

Net income before income taxes 

20,282 

63,086 

17,764 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(4,750) 

31,116 

(530) 

Net income 

15,532 

94,202 

17,234 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of GAAP net income to non-GAAP EBITDA and non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA, for each of the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net income 

15,532 

94,202 

17,234 

Interest expense 

2,009 

7,236 

11,279 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

4,750 

(31,116) 

530 

Depreciation 

5,845 

5,781 

4,438 

Amortization 

4,883 

4,949 

3,745 

EBITDA 

33,019 

81,052 

37,226 

Stock-based compensation expense 

6,552 

3,864 

1,661 

Restructuring charge (1) 

2,268 

4,704 

618 

Gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration (2) 

- 

- 

(2,246) 

Recovery of certain notes receivable from related parties (3) 

- 

(179) 

(1,516) 

Cancellation fee (4) 

- 

- 

1,950 

Write-off of certain assets (5) 

4,200 

1,104 

- 

Change in fair value of Earnout (6) 

- 

(3,985) 

203 

Settlement fee (7) 

2,600 

700 

- 

Loss on extinguishment of debt (8) 

- 

1,883 

- 

Facility construction project pause (9) 

632 

- 

- 

CPN transaction costs (10) 

- 

- 

929 

Adjusted EBITDA 

49,271 

89,143 

38,825 

(1) Amounts reflect employee retention and benefits as well as other exit costs associated with the Company s restructuring activities. See footnote 11. Restructuring to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Amount reflects the gain recognized related to the settlement of the deferred acquisition consideration dispute with the sellers of NuTech Medical in February 2020 as well as the settlement of the assumed legacy lawsuit from the sellers of NuTech Medical in October 2020. See footnote 18. Commitments and Contingencies to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) Amounts reflect the collection of certain notes receivable from related parties previously reserved. See footnote 19. Related Party Transactions to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(4) Amount reflects the cancellation fee for terminating certain product development and consulting agreements the Company inherited from NuTech Medical. See footnote 18. Commitments and Contingencies to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 (5) Amount in 2021 reflects the write-off of certain design and consulting fees previously capitalized related to the construction in progress at one of the Company s Canton, Massachusetts facilities. Amount in 2022 reflects the disposal of certain equipment related to the same facility. See footnote 8. Property and Equipment, Net to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(6) Amounts reflect the change in the fair value of the Earnout liability in connection with the CPN acquisition. See footnote 3. Acquisition to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(7) Amounts reflect the fee the Company paid to a GPO to settle previously disputed GPO fees. See footnote 2. Significant Accounting Policies to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(8) Amount reflects the loss recognized on the extinguishment of the 2019 Credit Agreement upon repayment in 2021. See footnote 12. Long-Term Debt Obligations to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(9) Amount reflects the cancellation fees incurred in connection with the Company s decision to pause one of its manufacturing facility construction projects. 

(10) Amount reflects legal, advisory and other professional fees incurred in 2020, related directly to the CPN acquisition. See footnote 3. Acquisition to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Revenue 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 

Advanced Wound Care 

422,231 

430,237 

294,624 

(8,006) 

(2) 

135,613 

46 

Surgical Sports Medicine 

28,662 

37,122 

43,674 

(8,460) 

(23) 

(6,552) 

(15) 

Net revenue 

450,893 

467,359 

338,298 

(16,466) 

(4) 

129,061 

38 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net revenue from our Advanced Wound Care products decreased by 8.0 million, or 2 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in Advanced Wound Care net revenue was primarily attributable to a decrease in sales of certain of our non-PuraPly products and the settlement fee with a GPO recorded as a direct reduction of revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net revenue from our Surgical Sports Medicine products decreased by 8.5 million, or 23 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in Surgical Sports Medicine net revenue was primarily due to the continued impact of the suspension of marketing of our ReNu and NuCel products in connection with the expiration of the FDA s enforcement grace period on May 31, 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net revenue from our Advanced Wound Care products increased by 135.6 million, or 46 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in Advanced Wound Care net revenue was primarily attributable to the expanded sales force, increased sales to existing and new customers, increased adoption of our placental-based product portfolio, including our Affinity product, as well as increased adoption of our PuraPly line extensions launched in the second half of 2020. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net revenue from our Surgical Sports Medicine products decreased by 6.6 million, or 15 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in Surgical Sports Medicine net revenue was primarily due to the impact of the suspension of marketing of our ReNu and NuCel products in connection with the expiration of the FDA s enforcement grace period on May 31, 2021. 
 Included within net revenue is PuraPly revenue of 242.7 million, 198.1 million, and 147.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The continued increase in PuraPly revenue in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was due to the expanded sales forces, expanded sites of care, and increased adoption, by existing and new customers, of our PuraPly line extensions. 
 Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit 
 
 78 
 
 Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 

Cost of goods sold 

105,019 

114,199 

87,319 

(9,180) 

(8) 

26,880 

31 

Gross profit 

345,874 

353,160 

250,979 

(7,286) 

(2) 

102,181 

41 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of goods sold decreased by 9.2 million, or 8 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily due to decreased sales volume in our Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit decreased by 7.3 million, or 2 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit resulted primarily from decreased sales volume and increased manufacturing-related costs, partially offset by a shift in product mix to our higher gross margin products. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cost of goods sold increased by 26.9 million, or 31 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily due to increased unit volumes, and additional manufacturing and quality control headcount. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, gross profit increased by 102.2 million, or 41 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in gross profit resulted primarily from increased sales volume due to the strength in our Advanced Wound Care products as well as a shift in product mix to our higher gross margin products. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 

Selling, general and administrative 

283,808 

250,200 

204,193 

33,608 

13 

46,007 

23 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 33.6 million, or 13 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a 12.2 million increase related to additional headcount, primarily in our direct sales force, a 10.0 million increase related to increased travel and marketing programs amid the relaxed COVID-19 travel restrictions, a 5.6 million increase in legal, royalty and consulting costs associated with the ongoing operations of our business and the ERP system implementation, and a 4.2 million charge for disposal of certain equipment related to the construction in progress at one of the Company's Canton Massachusetts facilities and 0.6 million cancellation fees incurred in connection with the Company s decision to pause the construction project for the same facility. In addition, in the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a 4.0 million reduction to the selling, general and administrative expenses related to the CPN Earnout fair value adjustments. These increases were partially offset by a 1.7 million miscellaneous decrease and a 1.3 million decrease in restructuring costs due to the smaller scale of the restructuring activities associated with closing the Birmingham office in 2022 as compared to the restructuring activities associated with closing the La Jolla office in 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 46.0 million, or 23 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a 33.0 million increase related to additional headcount, primarily in our direct sales force and increased sales commissions due to increased sales, a 10.9 million increase in various administrative costs resulting from increased revenue and increased in legal, consulting fees and other costs associated with the ongoing operations of our business, a 4.3 million increase related to increased travel and marketing programs amid the relaxed COVID-19 travel restrictions, a 2.9 million increase in restructuring cost associated with closing the La Jolla office, and a 1.1 million write-off of certain design and consulting fees previously capitalized related to the unfinished construction work at one of the Company s Canton, Massachusetts facilities. These increases were partially offset by a 4.2 million decrease resulting from the CPN Earnout fair value adjustment and a 2.0 million decrease in the cancellation fee incurred in the three months ended March 31, 2020 to cancel certain product development and consulting agreements. 
 79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 

Research and development 

39,762 

30,742 

20,086 

9,020 

29 

10,656 

53 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses increased by 9.0 million, or 29 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to increased headcount associated with our existing Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products, an increase in product costs associated with our pipeline products not yet commercialized and an increase in the clinical study and related costs necessary to seek regulatory approvals for certain of our products. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, research and development expenses increased by 10.7 million, or 53 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to increased headcount associated with our existing Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products, an increase in product costs associated with our pipeline products not yet commercialized and an increase in the clinical study and related costs necessary to seek regulatory approvals for certain of our products. 
 Other Expense, Net 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 

Interest expense 

(2,009) 

(7,236) 

(11,279) 

5,227 

(72) 

4,043 

(36) 

Gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration 

- 

- 

2,246 

- 

0 

(2,246) 

(100) 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 

- 

(1,883) 

- 

1,883 

(100) 

(1,883) 

Other income (expense), net 

(13) 

(13) 

97 

- 

0 

(110) 

(113) 

Total other expense, net 

(2,022) 

(9,132) 

(8,936) 

7,110 

(78) 

(196) 

2 

not meaningful 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total other expense, net, decreased by 7.1 million, or 78 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest expense in 2022 resulted from the lower interest rate for the borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million in 2021 was related to loss recognized on the extinguishment of the 2019 Credit Agreement upon repayment in August 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, total other expense, net, increased by 0.2 million, or 2 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Interest expense decreased by 4.0 million, or 36 , primarily due to the reduced interest rate for borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million in 2021 was related to loss recognized on the extinguishment of the 2019 Credit Agreement upon repayment in August 2021. The gain of 2.2 million in 2020 on the settlement of deferred acquisition consideration was related to the settlement of the deferred acquisition consideration dispute with the sellers of NuTech Medical in February 2020 as well as the decrease in legal accruals related to the settlement in October 2020 of a legacy lawsuit which we assumed from the sellers of NuTech Medical as part of the resolution of the aforementioned dispute. 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(4,750) 

31,116 

(530) 

(35,866) 

(115) 

31,646 

not meaningful 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, income tax expense of 4.8 million included 2.8 million of current income taxes and 2.0 million of deferred income taxes. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 23.4 and was computed based on the statutory rate of 21 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 adjusted primarily for state and local income taxes, nondeductible officer compensation and an out-of-period adjustment for an error included in the beginning balance of the deferred tax asset. For the year ended December 31, 2021, income tax benefit was 31.1 million, which primarily resulted from the release of the valuation allowance previously recorded against the full amount of our net U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021. See footnote 15. Income Taxes to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, income tax benefit was 31.1 million, as compared to income tax expense of 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The change is due to the deferred tax benefit of 32.0 million recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021, which primarily resulted from the release of the valuation allowance previously recorded against the full amount of our net U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021. See footnote 15. Income Taxes to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have funded our operations and capital expenditures through cash flows from product sales, loans from affiliates and entities controlled by certain of our affiliates, third-party debt and proceeds from the sale of our capital stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 45.3 million and working capital of 147.6 million which included 102.5 million in cash and cash equivalents. We also have 125.0 million available for future revolving borrowings under our Revolving Facility (see footnote 12. Long-Term Debt Obligations to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported 450.9 million in net revenue, 15.5 million in net income and 24.9 million of cash inflows from operating activities. We expect that our cash on hand and other components of working capital as of December 31, 2022, availability under the 2021 Credit Agreement, plus net cash flows from product sales, will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses, capital expenditure requirements and debt service payments for at least 12 months beyond the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We continue to closely monitor ongoing developments in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, which may negatively affect our commercial prospects, cash position and access to capital in fiscal 2023 or beyond. We will continue to assess our cash and other sources of liquidity and, if circumstances warrant, we will make appropriate adjustments to our operating plan. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for an additional discussion of risks. 
 Our primary uses of cash are working capital requirements, capital expenditure and debt service payments. Additionally, from time to time, we may use capital for acquisitions and other investing and financing activities. Working capital is used principally for our personnel as well as manufacturing costs related to the production of our products. Our working capital requirements vary from period to period depending on manufacturing volumes, the timing of shipments and the payment cycles of our customers and payers. Our capital expenditures consist primarily of building improvements, manufacturing equipment, and computer hardware and software. 
 To the extent additional funds are necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs as we continue to execute on our business strategy, we anticipate that they will be obtained through additional equity or debt financings, other strategic transactions or a combination of these potential sources of funds. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funds on terms acceptable to us, on a timely basis or at all. 
 The following table presents our cash and outstanding debt as of the dates indicated: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

102,478 

113,929 

84,394 

Line of credit 

- 

- 

10,000 

Term loan net of debt discount and issuance cost 

70,769 

73,425 

59,710 

Finance lease obligations 

- 

200 

15,061 

Total debt 

70,769 

73,625 

84,771 

Under the line of credit or the Revolving Facility, we have up to 125.0 million available for future revolving borrowings, subject to maintaining compliance with financial and non-financial covenants. 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for each of the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

24,859 

61,978 

5,466 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(33,898) 

(31,220) 

(23,498) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(2,199) 

(1,036) 

42,468 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

(11,238) 

29,722 

24,436 

Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 24.9 million, resulting from our net income of 15.5 million, non-cash charges of 43.4 million, partially offset by net cash used in connection with changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 34.1 million. Net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities included an increase in accounts receivable of 8.8 million, an increase in inventory and prepaid expenses of 9.8 million, a decrease in operating lease liability of 7.0 million and a decrease of accrued expenses of 11.9 million, all of which were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities of 3.3 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was 62.0 million, resulting from our net income of 94.2 million, non-cash charges of 4.8 million, partially offset by net cash used in connection with changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 37.0 million. The non-cash charges of 4.8 million consisted of 36.8 million standard non-cash items primarily related to depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and inventory reserve, partially offset by the deferred tax benefit of 32.0 million primarily resulting from the release of the valuation allowance previously recorded against the full amount of our net U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021. Net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities included an increase in accounts receivable of 28.7 million, an increase in inventory of 9.3 million, and a decrease in operating leases and other liabilities of 12.2 million, all of which were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 13.2 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash provided by operating activities was 5.5 million, resulting from our net income of 17.2 million and non-cash charges of 16.0 million, partially offset by net cash used in connection with changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 27.8 million. Net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities included an increase in accounts receivable and other current assets of 17.9 million, an increase in inventory of 6.7 million, and a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities of 4.6 million, all of which were partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 1.4 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 33.9 million of cash in investing activities solely consisting of capital expenditures. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 31.2 million of cash in investing activities solely consisting of capital expenditures. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we used 23.5 million of cash in investing activities consisting of capital expenditures of 17.7 million and payment of 5.8 million related to the acquisition of CPN. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 2.2 million. This consisted primarily of the payment of term loan and finance lease obligations of 3.0 million and the payment of 0.6 million related to the CPN deferred acquisition consideration, partially offset by the net receipts of 1.4 million in connection with stock awards activities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 1.0 million. This consisted primarily of the repayment of borrowings of 70.0 million under the 2019 Credit Agreement, the payment of 1.6 million to extinguish this debt facility, the payment of finance lease obligations of 2.6 million, and the payment of 2.2 million related to other financing activities. 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The net cash used in financing activities was principally offset by 73.2 million in net proceeds from the 2021 Credit Agreement and 2.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of common stock options. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was 42.5 million. This consisted primarily of 59.1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Class A common stock and 2.8 million in proceeds from the exercise of options. The net cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by the payment of finance lease obligations of 2.4 million, the payment of 3.5 million related to the NuTech Medical deferred acquisition consideration and the net debt repayment of 13.5 million under our 2019 Credit Agreement. 
 Indebtedness 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 In August 2021, we and our subsidiaries entered into a credit agreement with SVB and several other lenders, which we refer to as the 2021 Credit Agreement. The 2021 Credit Agreement, as amended, provides for a term loan facility not to exceed 75.0 million (the Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility not to exceed 125.0 million (the Revolving Facility ). 
 Advances made under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be either SOFR Loans or ABR Loans, at our option. For SOFR Loans, the interest rate is a per annum interest rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR plus an Applicable Margin between 2.00 to 3.25 based on the Total Net Leverage Ratio. For ABR Loans, the interest rate is equal to (1) the highest of (a) the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR rate plus 1.0 , plus (2) an Applicable Margin between 1.00 to 2.25 based on the Total Net Leverage Ratio. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement requires us to make consecutive quarterly installment payments equal to the following: (a) from September 30, 2021 through and including June 30, 2022, 0.5 million; (b) from September 30, 2022 through and including June 30, 2023, 0.9 million; (c) from September 30, 2023 through and including June 30, 2025, 1.4 million and (d) from September 30, 2025 and the last day of each quarter thereafter until August 6, 2026 (the Term Loan Maturity Date ), 1.9 million. We may prepay the Term Loan Facility. Once repaid, amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Facility may not be re-borrowed. 
 We must pay in arrears, on the first day of each quarter prior to August 6, 2026 (the Revolving Termination Date and on the Revolving Termination Date, a fee for our non-use of available funds (the Commitment Fee ). The Commitment Fee rate is between 0.25 to 0.45 based on the Total Net Leverage Ratio. We may elect to reduce or terminate the Revolving Facility in its entirety at any time by repaying all outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest. 
 Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, we are required to comply with certain financial covenants including the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, tested quarterly. In addition, we are also required to make representations and warranties and comply with certain non-financial covenants that are customary in loan agreements of this type, including restrictions on the payment of dividends, repurchase of stock, incurrence of indebtedness, dispositions and acquisitions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants under the 2021 Credit Agreement. We had outstanding borrowings of 71.3 million under our Term Loan Facility and no borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Facility with 125 million available for future revolving borrowings, respectively. 
 2019 Credit Agreement 
 In March 2019, we, our subsidiaries and SVB, and the several other lenders thereto entered into a credit agreement, as amended (the 2019 Credit Agreement ), providing for a term loan facility of 40.0 million and a revolving credit facility of up to 60.0 million. Both facilities were set to mature in 2024. The interest rate for the term loan facility was a floating per annum interest rate equal to the greater of 3.75 above the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and 9.25 . The interest rate for advances under the revolving facility was a floating per annum interest rate equal to the greater of the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and 5.50 . If we elected to prepay the loan or terminate the facilities, we were required to pay a certain percentage of the outstanding principal as a prepayment fee. A final payment fee (the Final Payment of 6.5 multiplied by the original aggregate principal amount of term loan facility was due upon the earlier to occur, the maturity date of the term loan or prepayment of all outstanding principal. 
 In August 2021, upon entering into the 2021 Credit Agreement, we paid an aggregate amount of 70.6 million due under the 2019 Credit Agreement, including unpaid principal, accrued interest, the Final Payment and a prepayment fee, with proceeds from the 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 2021 Credit Agreement, and the 2019 Credit Agreement was terminated. Upon termination of the 2019 Credit Agreement, the Company recognized 1.9 million as loss on the extinguishment of the loan for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and the disclosure at the date of the financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses recorded during the reporting periods. Management bases its estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, which, in turn, could materially change our results from those reported. Management evaluates its estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis. Historically, our critical accounting estimates have not differed materially from actual results. However, if our assumptions change, we may need to revise our estimates or take other corrective actions, either of which may also have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statements of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies involve significant areas where management applies judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue through the sale of Advanced Wound Care and Surgical Sports Medicine products. There is a single performance obligation in all of our contracts, which is our promise to transfer our product to customers based on specific payment and shipping terms in the arrangement. The entire transaction price is allocated to this single performance obligation. Product revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of our product which occurs at a point in time and may be upon shipment, procedure date, or delivery, based on the terms of the contract. Revenue is recorded net of a reserve for returns, discounts and GPO rebates, which represent a direct reduction to the revenue we recognize. These reductions are accrued at the time revenue is recognized, based upon historical experience and specific circumstances. 
 Accounts Receivable, Net 
 Accounts receivables are stated at invoice value less estimated allowances for doubtful accounts. We continually monitor customer payments and maintain a reserve for estimated losses resulting from our customers inability to make required payments. We consider factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances, geography-related risks and economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay. In cases where there are circumstances that may impair a specific customer s ability to meet its financial obligations, a specific allowance is recorded against amounts due, and thereby reduces the net recognized receivable to the amount reasonably believed to be collectible. Accounts receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivables previously written off are recorded when received. 
 Inventory 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined under the first-in first-out method) or net realizable value. Inventory includes raw materials, work in process and finished goods. It also includes cell banks and the cost of tests mandated by regulatory agencies, of the materials to qualify them for production. 
 We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision to write down excess and obsolete inventory to its estimated net realizable value based upon management s assumptions of future material usage, yields and obsolescence, which are a result of future demand and market conditions and the effective life of certain inventory items. Our excess and obsolete inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts and historical sales as compared to inventory on hand and working with operations to maximize recovery of excess inventory. The estimate of excess quantities is subjective and primarily dependent on our estimate of future demand for a particular product. If the estimate of future demand is inaccurate based on actual sales, we may increase the write-down for excess inventory for that component. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually (as of December 31), or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may no longer be recoverable and that an impairment loss may have occurred. Circumstances that could trigger an impairment test include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in the 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 business climate or legal factors, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, or unanticipated competition. We operate as one segment, which is considered to be the sole reporting unit, and therefore goodwill is tested for impairment at the consolidated level. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not (i.e. greater than 50 likelihood) that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise, no further testing is required. Alternatively, we can bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test requires us to estimate and compare the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets, goodwill is not impaired. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss up to the amount of goodwill. At December 31, 2022, we elected to perform a quantitative analysis directly. We used the Company s market capitalization to approximate the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value exceeded the carrying value and no impairment was recorded. 
 Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgments, including a qualitative assessment to determine whether there are any impairment indicators, and determining the fair value of the reporting unit. We used the Company s market capitalization to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. There is no assurance that the Company s market capitalization will not decline significantly from the level used in the impairment analysis. Goodwill impairment charges may be recognized in future periods to the extent changes in factors or circumstances occur, including deterioration in the macroeconomic environment and industry, deterioration in the Company s performance or its future projections, or changes in plans for its reporting unit. 
 There were no impairments of goodwill recorded during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review other long-lived assets (including identifiable definite lived intangible assets) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated or the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If such facts and circumstances exist, we assess the recoverability of the identified assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their remaining lives to their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets and occur in the period in which the impairment determination is made. 
 There were no impairments of long-lived assets recorded during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Valuation allowances are provided when necessary to reduce net deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 In determining whether a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is necessary, we analyze both positive and negative evidence related to the realization of deferred tax assets including projected future taxable income, recent financial results and estimates of future reversals of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we consider whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. In consideration of the factors discussed above, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we determined it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets would be realized in the future and released the valuation allowance on our net U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021, resulting in a benefit of 48.3 million in income taxes. We maintained the same position that our net U.S. deferred tax assets did not require a valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. 
 We account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the consolidated financial statements by applying a two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized. First, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 settlement. The provision for income taxes includes the effects of any resulting tax reserves, or unrecognized tax benefits, that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
 Valuation of Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with our acquisition of CPN, we recognized a non-current liability, at the time of the acquisition in 2020, for the fair value of the contingent consideration (the Earnout ). The Earnout liability was classified as a Level 3 measurement for which fair value was derived from inputs that were unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. The fair value of such Earnout liability was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilized key assumptions including forecasted revenues and volatilities of the underlying financial metrics during the Earnout period. We assessed the fair value of the Earnout liability at each reporting period. Any subsequent changes in the estimated fair value of the liability were reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses until the liability was settled. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure stock-based awards granted based on the fair value of the awards on the date of grant and recognize compensation expense for those awards over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Generally, we issue stock-based awards with only service-based vesting conditions and record the expense for these awards using the straight-line method. We have not issued any stock-based awards with performance-based vesting conditions. 
 We recognize stock-based compensation expense within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for all share-based payments based upon the estimated grant-date fair value for the awards expected to ultimately vest. 
 The fair value of each restricted stock unit is based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We have been a public company for a short period of time, have limited public float and lack company-specific historical and implied volatility information for our Class A common stock. Therefore, we estimate our expected stock price volatility based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and expect to continue to do so until such time as we have adequate historical data regarding the volatility of our own traded stock price. The expected term of our stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends on Class A common stock and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and the estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see footnote 2. Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements appearing at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including fluctuations in interest rates and variability in currency exchange rates. We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 71.3 million in borrowings outstanding under our Term Loan Facility and no borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Facility, respectively. Borrowings under our 2021 Credit Agreement bear interest at variable rates. Based on the principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022, an immediate 10 change in the interest rate would not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Foreign Currency and Market Risk 
 The majority of our employees and our major operations are currently located in the United States. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiary in Switzerland is the U.S. dollar. We have, in the normal course of business, engaged in contracts with contractors or other vendors in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. To date, we have had minimal exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates as the time period from the date that transactions are initiated and the date of payment or receipt of payment is generally of short duration. Accordingly, we believe we do not have a material exposure to foreign currency risk. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT S AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, appear on pages F-1 through F-30 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of the Company s Disclosure Controls 
 The Company s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms promulgated by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective because our internal control over financial reporting was not designed properly to ensure proper identification of non-routine transactions and ensure appropriate segregation of duties. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Management conducted the assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective due to the material weaknesses described below. As a result, the disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls (i) to properly identify and assess significant non-routine transactions and (ii) over information technology general controls and proper segregation of duties to support the proper initiation and recording of transactions and the resulting impact on business process controls and applications that rely on such data. 
 Although management has made certain progress in remediating these material weaknesses, management concluded that the material weaknesses described above continued to exist as of December 31, 2022. Management has taken actions to remediate the deficiencies in its internal controls over financial reporting and implemented additional processes and controls designed to address the 
 87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 underlying causes of the above-mentioned material weaknesses. Management is committed to finalizing the remediation of the material weaknesses. Management s internal control remediation efforts include the following: 
 In 2022, we finalized the plan to implement a new company-wide enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system to provide additional systematic controls and segregation of duties for our accounting processes. Due, in part, to turnover in key positions and changes in design, our ERP system go-live date has been delayed. We anticipate the ERP system going live in 2023. 

In 2022, we determined that our forward facing customer sales systems were not catering to our customer needs. We plan to implement a new sales force software system in 2023. 

We have continued to train and cross train our employees on their internal control responsibilities and how to best support other control owners if personnel turnover issues within their departments occur. We have also supplemented our internal resources with third-party resources, where necessary. 

We have instituted a new Director of Internal Audit overseeing an outside firm that will continue to assist management with performing control operating effectiveness testing throughout the year. 

We regularly reported the results of control testing to the key stakeholders across our organization, including our audit committee, on testing progress and defined corrective actions, and we monitored and reported on the results of control remediation. We have strengthened our internal policies, processes, and reviews through these actions. 

We implemented a new control to ensure that significant transactions are identified and effectively communicated so that they are properly and timely reported. 

We have continued working on documenting and remediating weaknesses and structuring the Company s processes to meet SOX 404(b) requirements. 

As management continues to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, management may determine it is necessary to take additional measures to address the material weaknesses. However, we believe the above actions will be effective in remediating the material weaknesses and we will continue to devote significant time and attention to these remediation efforts. Until the controls have been operating for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are executed consistently and operating effectively, the material weaknesses described above will continue to exist. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which appears in Item 8 above. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting other than those described above related to remediation efforts. However, as the implementation of the new ERP system continues and as the material weaknesses are remediated, we will change our processes and procedures, which in turn, could result in changes to our internal control over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REG ARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFF ICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year (the Proxy Statement ). 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWN ERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 
 89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as a part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or are not required, or because the information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. 
 (3) Index to Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of ORGO (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-233621) filed with the SEC on September 16, 2019) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on June 27, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of ORGO (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-233621) filed with the SEC on September 16, 2019) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 10, 2018 among ORGO, Avista Acquisition Corp., Avista Capital Partners Fund IV L.P., Avista Capital Partners Fund IV (Offshore), L.P., and certain holders of Organogenesis Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.2 
 
 Lease dated as of January 1, 2013 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and 65 Dan Road SPE, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.3 
 
 Lease dated as of January 1, 2013 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and 85 Dan Road Associates, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.4 
 
 Lease dated as of January 1, 2013 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and Dan Road Equity I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.5 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2012, by and between Organogenesis Switzerland GmbH and Stiftung Regionales Gr nderzentrum Reinach, as amended by that certain Supplement No. 1 dated May 9, 2017 and that certain Supplement No. 2 dated May 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2014, by and between Oxmoor Holdings, LLC and Prime Merger Sub, LLC (as successor-in-interest to Nutech Medical, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.7 
 
 Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease Net, dated as of March 7, 2011, by and among Liberty Industrial Park and Organogenesis Inc., as amended by that certain First Amendment dated as of April, 2013, Second Amendment dated as of April 19, 2015, and Third Amendment dated as of March 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Key Employee Agreement dated as of February 1, 2007 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and Gary Gillheeney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

90 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit 

10.9 
 
 Employee Letter Agreement dated as of February 14, 2017 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and Patrick Bilbo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.10 
 
 Employee Letter Agreement dated as of February 14, 2017 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and Antonio Montecalvo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.11 
 
 Employee Letter Agreement dated as of January 19, 2018 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and Lori Freedman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.12 
 
 Employee Letter Agreement dated as of May 9, 2017 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and Brian Grow (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.13 
 
 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.16 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.20 
 
 Settlement and License Agreement effective as of October 25, 2017 by and among Organogenesis Inc., RESORBA Medical GmbH, and Advanced Medical Solutions Group plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement in Form S-4 (File No. 333-227090) filed with the SEC on October 9, 2018) 

10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Code of Ethics and Conduct of ORGO adopted on December 10, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.22 
 
 Controlling Stockholders Agreement dated as of December 10, 2018 by and among ORGO and the Controlling Entities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018) 

10.23 
 
 Lease dated March 13, 2019 between Organogenesis Inc., as tenant, and Bobson Norwood Commercial, LLC, as landlord (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on March 19, 2019) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-213465) filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016) 

10.25 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease dated February 14, 2020 by and between Liberty Industrial Park and Organogenesis Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020) 

10.26 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease dated February 7, 2020 by and between Oxmoor Holdings, LLC and Organogenesis Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020) 

91 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit 

10.27 
 
 Summary of Amendment to Severance for Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2020) 

10.28 
 
 Offer Letter dated January 15, 2021 between the Company and David C. Francisco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021) 

10.29 
 
 Change in Control Retention Agreement between Organogenesis Holdings Inc. and Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. effective as of May 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021) 

10.30 
 
 Form of Change in Control Retention Agreement (Non-CEO Executive Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021 

10.31 
 
 Form of Change in Control Retention Agreement (Independent Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021) 

10.32 
 
 Credit Agreement dated and effective as of August 6, 2021 among Organogenesis Holdings Inc., as borrower, Organogenesis Inc. and Prime Merger Sub, LLC, as guarantors, and Silicon Valley Bank, as Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Bookrunner, Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender, and Silicon Valley Bank and the several other lenders from time to time party thereto, collectively as Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021) 

10.33 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 8, 2022 by and among Organogenesis Holdings Inc., as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party hereto and Silicon Valley Bank, as the Administrative Agent, and as the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender 

10.34 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 11, 2021 by and between Organogenesis Inc. and 275 Dan Road SPE, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37906) filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RSM US LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 The following materials from the Annual Report of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of Organogenesis Holdings Inc., (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 of Organogenesis Holdings Inc., (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 of Organogenesis Holdings Inc., (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 of Organogenesis Holdings Inc., and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 Confidential treatment granted as to portions of this Exhibit. The confidential portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and are marked by asterisks. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. 

Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 1, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ David Francisco David Francisco 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Alan A. Ades Alan A. Ades 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Robert Ades Robert Ades 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Michael J. Driscoll Michael J. Driscoll 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Prathyusha Duraibabu Prathyusha Duraibabu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ David Erani David Erani 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Jon Giacomin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jon Giacomin 

/s/ Michele Korfin Michele Korfin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Arthur S. Leibowitz Arthur S. Leibowitz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Glenn H. Nussdorf Glenn H. Nussdorf 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Gilberto Quintero Gilberto Quintero 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 20 21 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

F- 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management's assessment. The Company did not design and maintain effective controls (i) to properly identify and assess significant non-routine transactions and (ii) over information technology general controls and proper segregation of duties to support the proper initiation and recording of transactions and the resulting impact on business process controls and applications that rely on such data. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023 on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
 F- 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Identification of significant non-routine transactions 
 Non-routine transactions represent activities that occur only periodically and are generally not part of the routine flow of transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into certain non-routine transactions that required management to apply judgement in determining the appropriate accounting treatment, including the agreement discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements with a Group Purchasing Organization (GPO) to settle previously disputed GPO fees for 3,300, which included 2,600 recorded as charge to earnings during the year ended December 31, 2022, and certain indicators of impairment from the disposal of equipment and a pause in construction during the year ended December 31, 2022 discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements, which resulted in the Company testing certain assets of its OI East asset group for impairment. Management must exercise significant judgment in the identification of significant non-routine transactions given that they are unique and not part of the routine flow of the Company s transactions. 
 We identified management s identification and assessment of significant non-routine transactions as a critical audit matter due to the subjectivity in determining the sufficiency of the results of the actions taken by management to identify all significant non-routine transactions. 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s identification of significant non-routine transactions included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s timely identification and assessment of significant non-routine transactions and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness. 

We read public filings from the Company with a focus on identifying significant non-routine transactions. 

We inspected the Company s minutes from meetings of the Board of Directors, including committees of the Board of Directors. 

We made inquiries of executive management, employees outside of the accounting function, and members of the Board of Directors. 

We performed confirmation procedures with the Company s external counsel 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 1, 2023 

F- 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BA LANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of deferred acquisition consideration 

- 

Current portion of term loan 

Current portion of finance lease obligations 

- 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Term loan, net of current portion 

Operating lease obligations, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F- 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other expense, net: 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration 

- 

- 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 

- 

() 

- 

Other income (loss), net 

() 

() 

Total other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Net income 

Net income, per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
 F- 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

Issuance of common stock associated with CPN acquisition 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

Stock issued in the 2020 Underwritten Public Offering, net of issuance costs of 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

Vesting of RSUs, net of shares surrendered to pay taxes 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (as reported) 

() 

Adjustment due to settlement of GPO fee dispute 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (as restated) 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

Vesting of RSUs, net of shares surrendered to pay taxes 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Issuance of common stock associated with CPN acquisition 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

- 

Non-cash interest expense 

Deferred interest expense 

Deferred rent expense 

- 

- 

Gain on settlement of deferred acquisition consideration 

- 

- 

() 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Provision recorded for doubtful accounts 

Adjustment for excess and obsolete inventories 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

- 

- 

Change in fair value of Earnout liability 

- 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Operating leases 

() 

() 

- 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid for business acquisition 

- 

- 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Line of credit repayments under the 2019 Credit Agreement 

- 

() 

() 

Term loan borrowings (repayments) under the 2019 Credit Agreement 

- 

() 

Proceeds from term loan under the 2021 Credit Agreement, net of debt discount and issuance cost 

- 

- 

Term loan repayments under the 2021 Credit Agreement 

() 

() 

- 

Proceeds from equity financing 

- 

- 

Payment of equity issuance costs 

- 

- 

() 

Principal repayments of finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

Payments of withholding taxes in connection with RSUs vesting 

() 

() 

- 

Payments of deferred acquisition consideration 

() 

() 

() 

Payment to extinguish debt 

- 

() 

- 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Reimbursement of offering expenses included in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

- 

- 

Fair value of shares issued for business acquisition 

- 

- 

Deferred acquisition consideration and earnout liability recorded for business acquisition 

- 

Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Right-of-use assets obtained through lease obligations 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F- 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 operating and reportable segment. COVID-19 pandemic On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced it will end the public health emergency (and national emergency) declarations related to coronavirus (COVID-19) on May 11, 2023. While the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially adversely affected the Company s financial results and business operations through the year ended December 31, 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present risks to the Company and the Company is unable to predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on its financial position and operating results in future periods. 

 . The Company identified that part of the settlement fee should have been accrued as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. This error resulted in an overstatement of revenue and understatement of accrued expenses and other current liabilities and accumulated deficit in the financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the Company s Annual Report previously filed with the SEC. The Company assessed the materiality of this error on prior period financial statements in accordance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Number 99, Materiality, and ASC 250-10, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections. The Company determined that this error was not material to the financial statements of any prior annual or interim period. 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

() 

() 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

As Previously Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

As Previously Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

Net revenue 

() 

() 

Gross profit 

() 

() 

Income from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net income before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

() 

() 

() 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

As Previously Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

As Previously Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

Net income / (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Surgical Sports Medicine 

() 

() 

Net revenue 

() 

() 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Miscellaneous Items 

As Previously Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

As Previously Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

GPO fees 

PuraPly revenue 

() 

() 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectivel y. Restricted cash represents employee deposits in connection with the Company s health benefit plan. 

Building 
 
 years 

Furniture and computers 
 
 - years 

Equipment 
 
 - years 

Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of, and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the consolidated statement of operations. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for major improvements that extend the useful lives of the related asset are capitalized and depreciated over their remaining estimated useful lives. Construction in progress costs are capitalized when incurred until the assets are placed in service, at which time the costs will be transferred to the related property and equipment, and depreciated over their respective useful lives. 
 circumstances, the Company determines that it is more likely than not (i.e. greater than 50 likelihood) that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise, no further testing is required. Alternatively, the Company can bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test requires the Company to estimate and compare the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets, goodwill is not impaired. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss up to the amount of goodwill. At December 31, 2022, we elected to perform a quantitative analysis directly. We used the Company s market capitalization to approximate the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value exceeded the carrying value and impairment was recorded. There was impairment of goodwill recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, or 2020. 
 - years 

Developed technology 
 
 - years 

Customer relationships 
 
 years 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 years 

consideration ultimately paid may differ from the Company s estimates. If actual results vary from the Company s estimates, the Company adjusts these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known. Product Returns Consistent with industry practice, the Company generally offers customers a limited right of return for product purchased. The Company estimates the amount of its product sales that may be returned by its customers and records this estimate as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. The Company currently estimates product return reserves using its historical return rates as well as factors that it becomes aware of that it believes could significantly impact its expected returns, including product recalls, pricing changes, or changes in reimbursement rates. The Company does not record an asset for the returned product as the product is discarded upon receipt. Rebates and Allowances The Company provides certain customers with rebates and allowances that are explicitly stated in the Company s contracts, resulting in a reduction of revenue and the establishment of a liability that is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in the period the related product revenue is recognized. GPO Fees The Company pays fees to GPOs for administrative services that the GPOs perform in connection with the purchases of the product by the GPO members. These fees are based on a contractually-determined percentage of the Company s applicable sales. The Company classifies these GPO fees as a reduction of revenue based on the substance of the relationship of all parties involved in the transaction. For the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded GPO fees of , , and , respectively, as a direct reduction of revenue. Other Revenue Policies Sales, value add, and other taxes collected on behalf of third parties are excluded from revenue. Applying the practical expedient in paragraph ASC 606-10-32-18, the Company does not assess whether a contract has a significant financing component if the expectation at contract inception is such that the period between payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised products to the customer will be one year or less, which is the case with substantially all customers. Applying the practical expedient in ASC 340-40-25-4, the Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses. Applying the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-25-18B, the Company accounts for shipping and handling activities related to contracts with customers as costs to fulfill the promise to transfer the associated products. The Company records the related costs as part of the cost of goods sold. Disaggregation of Revenue 

Surgical and Sports Medicine revenue 

Total revenue 

For all periods presented, net revenue generated outside the United States represented less than 1 of total net revenue. 
 those estimates. Generally, the Company issues stock-based awards with only service-based vesting conditions and records the expense for these awards using the straight-line method. The Company has not issued any stock-based awards with performance-based vesting conditions. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for all share-based payments based upon the estimated grant-date fair value for the awards expected to ultimately vest. The fair value of each restricted stock unit grant is based on the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company has been a public company for a short period of time, has limited public float and lacks company-specific historical and implied volatility information for its Class A common stock. Therefore, it estimates its expected stock price volatility based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and expects to continue to do so until such time as it has adequate historical data regarding the volatility of its own traded stock price. The expected term of the Company s stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends on its Class A common stock and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 , , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

allowance for deferred tax assets is necessary, the Company analyzes both positive and negative evidence related to the realization of deferred tax assets, including projected future taxable income, recent financial results and estimates of future reversals of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. In consideration of the factors discussed above, in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company determined it was more likely than not that its deferred tax assets would be realized in the future and released the valuation allowance on the net U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021, resulting in a benefit of million in income taxes. The Company maintained the same position that its net U.S. deferred tax assets did not require a valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. See footnote 15. Income Taxes. The Company accounts for uncertain income tax positions recognized in the consolidated financial statements by applying a two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized. First, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The provision for income taxes includes the effects of any resulting tax reserves, or unrecognized tax benefits, that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. 

as of the Acquisition Date, consisting of in cash, shares of the Company s Class A common stock with a fair value of , and contingent consideration (the Earnout with a fair value of . On the Acquisition Date, the Company paid in cash and issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The remaining consideration of was held back and was released in April 2022 by the Company paying in cash and issuing shares of the Company s Class A common stock to the former equity holders of CPN. The Company was obligated to pay the Earnout to CPN s former equity holders if CPN s legacy product revenue in the Earnout Period (July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022), exceeded CPN s 2019 revenue. The amount of the Earnout, if any, would be equal to of the excess and would be payable 60 days after the expiration of the Earnout Period. As of the conclusion of the Earnout Period on June 30, 2022, the Company calculated the Earnout liability to be . During the Earnout Period, the Company assessed the fair value of the Earnout liability at each reporting period. Subsequent changes in the estimated fair value of the liability were reflected in earnings until the liability was settled. S ee footnote 4. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities . 

 F- 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 on the Acquisition Date, representing the fair value of contingent consideration payable upon the achievement of a certain revenue target. The Earnout liability was classified as a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy for which fair value was derived from inputs that were unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. The fair value of such Earnout liability was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilized key assumptions including forecasted revenues and volatilities of the underlying financial metrics during the Earnout Period. The Earnout Period ended on June 30, 2022 and the Company calculated the Earnout liability to be . Before its settlement, the Company assessed the fair value of the Earnout liability at each reporting period. Any subsequent changes in the estimated fair value of the liability were reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses until the liability was settled. For more information about the Earnout liability, refer to Note 3. Acquisition . 

Acquisition Date fair value 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Change in fair value 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

The Company did not have any financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Less - allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 

Additions 

Write-offs 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Write-offs 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

F- 16 
 
 Table of Contents 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Raw materials include various components used in the Company s manufacturing process. The Company s excess and obsolete inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts and historical sales as compared to inventory levels and working with operations to maximize recovery of excess inventory. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company charged , , and , respectively, for inventory excess and obsolescence to cost of goods sold within the consolidated statements of operations . The significant increase in inventory excess and obsolescence charge in the recent two years is due to certain inventory with very short shelf life and varying production yields. 

Conferences and marketing expenses 

Deposits 

Insurance 

Other 

Deposits are funds held by vendors which are expected to be released within twelve months and therefore they are recorded as current assets. 

Building 

Furniture, computers and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Construction in progress 

Depreciation expense was , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Construction in progress primarily represents unfinished construction work on a purchased building located on the Company s Canton, Massachusetts campus and improvements at the Company s leased facilities in Canton and Norwood, Massachusetts. The increase in the construction in progress is a result of the Company s ongoing efforts to consolidate its manufacturing operations in various locations into Massachusetts facilities to reduce the Company s cost structure and improve operating efficiency. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a charge of for the sale and donation of some equipment related to the construction in progress in one of its Canton, Massachusetts facilities. The disposal was the result of a change in the design of the construction plan for the manufacturing facility and the determination that this equipment was no longer compatible with the ongoing design. During 2022, the Company decided to pause the construction of this manufacturing facility due to inflation and market conditions that adversely impacted construction projects across the biotechnology and life sciences industries. In connection with this decision, the Company recorded a charge of as cancellation fees to various vendors. These charges were included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. This facility was part of the primary assets in one of the Company's two asset groups. The Company considered the equipment disposal and construction pause, among other things, to be triggering events under ASC 360. The triggering events indicated that the Company s long-lived assets might be impaired. The Company performed a recoverability test during 2022, on the affected asset group in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment . The estimated undiscounted cash flow directly attributable to the asset group exceeded the carrying value of the asset group. Therefore, no impairment was identified. 

 as of D ecember 31, 2022 and 2021. 

() 

Trade names and trademarks 

() 

Customer relationship 

() 

Independent sales agency network 

() 

- 

Patent 

() 

- 

Non-compete agreements 

() 

Total 

() 

Identifiable intangible assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021: 

Original 

Accumulated 

Net Book 

Cost 

Amortization 

Value 

Developed technology 

() 

Trade names and trademarks 

() 

Customer relationship 

() 

Independent sales agency network 

() 

- 

Patent 

() 

- 

Non-compete agreements 

() 

Total 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets, calculated on a straight-line basis or using an accelerated method, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are consumed, was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 18 
 
 Table of Contents 

Royalties 

Accrued but unpaid lease obligations and interest 

Accrued settlement fee 

- 

Accrued taxes 

Other 

The accrued but unpaid lease obligations and the interest accrual on these obligations are related to the buildings in Canton, Massachusetts. See footnote 17. Leases . See footnote 2. Significant Accounting Policies for accrued settlement fee. 

employees and was substantially completed as of December 31, 2021, with certain facility and storage activities continuing through 2024. On Mar ch 9, 2022, the Company committed to a plan to restructure the workforce and operations in its Birmingham, Alabama facilities. The restructuring involved approximately employees and was substantially completed as of December 31, 2022, with minimal expenses to be incurred in 2023. As a result of the restructuring activities, the Company incurred pre-tax charges of , and in the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These charges were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The liability related to the restructuring activities was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

- 

Cash distributions 

- 

- 

- 

Liability balance as of December 31, 2020 

- 

Expenses 

Cash distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Liability balance as of December 31, 2021 

Expenses 

Cash distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Liability balance as of December 31, 2022 

F- 19 
 
 Table of Contents 

Term loan 

Less debt discount and debt issuance cost 

() 

() 

Term loan, net of debt discount and debt issuance cost 

2021 Credit Agreement In August 2021, the Company, as borrower, its subsidiaries, as guarantors, and Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), and the several other lenders thereto (collectively, the Lenders entered into a credit agreement, as amended (the 2021 Credit Agreement ), providing for a term loan facility not to exceed (the Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility not to exceed (the Revolving Facility ). The Company s obligations to the Lenders are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, including intellectual property. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined are defined as set forth in the 2021 Credit Agreement. Advances made under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be either SOFR Loans or ABR Loans, at the Company s option. to based on the Total Net Leverage Ratio. For ABR Loans, the interest rate is equal to (1) the highest of (a) the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR rate plus 1.0 , plus (2) an Applicable Margin between to based on the Total Net Leverage Ratio. The 2021 Credit Agreement requires the Company to make consecutive quarterly installment payments equal to the following: (a) from September 30, 2021 through and including June 30, 2022, ; (b) from September 30, 2022 through and including June 30, 2023, ; (c) from September 30, 2023 through and including June 30, 2025, and (d) from September 30, 2025 and the last day of each quarter thereafter until August 6, 2026 (the Term Loan Maturity Date ), . The Company may prepay the Term Loan Facility. Once repaid, amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Facility may not be re-borrowed. The Company must pay in arrears, on the first day of each quarter prior to August 6, 2026 (the Revolving Termination Date and on the Revolving Termination Date, a fee for the Company s non-use of available funds (the Commitment Fee ). The Commitment Fee rate is between to based on the Total Net Leverage Ratio. The Company may elect to reduce or terminate the Revolving Facility in its entirety at any time by repaying all outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest. The Company recorded debt issuance costs and related fees of in connection with entering into the Term Loan Facility, which are recorded as a reduction of the carrying value of the term loan on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. In connection with entering into the Revolving Facility, the Company recorded debt issuance costs and related fees of , which are recorded as other assets. Both of these costs are being amortized to interest expense through the maturity date of the facilities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings o f and under the Term Loan Facility, respectively, and under the Revolving Facility with available for future revolving borrowings. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

2019 Credit Agreement In March 2019, the Company, its subsidiaries and SVB, and the several other lenders thereto entered into a credit agreement, as amended (the 2019 Credit Agreement ), providing for a term loan facility of and a revolving credit facility of up to . Both facilities were set to mature in . The interest rate for the term loan facility was a floating per above the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and . If the Company elected to prepay the loan or terminate the facilities, the Company was required to pay a certain percentage of the outstanding principal as a prepayment fee. A final payment fee (the Final Payment of multiplied by the original aggregate principal amount of term loan facility was due upon the earlier to occur of the maturity date of the term loan or prepayment of all outstanding principal. In August 2021, upon entering into the 2021 Credit Agreement, the Company paid an aggregate amount of due under the 2019 Credit Agreement, including unpaid principal, accrued interest, the Final Payment and a prepayment fee, with proceeds from the 2021 Credit Agreement, and the 2019 Credit Agreement was terminated. Upon termination of the 2019 Credit Agreement, the Company recognized as loss on the extinguishment of the loan for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

treasury shares that were reacquired in connection with the redemption of redeemable shares in March 2019. Each share of Class A common stock entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to the stockholders for a vote. Class A common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the Board of Directors to the extent permissible under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Through December 31, 2022, cash dividends have been declared or paid. 

Shares reserved for issuance for outstanding restricted stock units 

Shares reserved for issuance for future grants 

Total shares of authorized common stock reserved for future issuance 

2020 Underwritten Public Offering In November 2020, the Company closed a public offering (the 2020 Underwritten Public Offering of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share, at a price per share to the public of , less underwriting discounts and commissions. In connection with this offering, the Company issued a total of shares of Class A common stock with gross proceeds of and net proceeds of after deducting underwriter discounts, payment of the fee to the Avista entities and other offering expenses in the aggregate amount of . of the offering expenses which should have been reimbursed to the Company by the underwriters on November 17, 2020 was not received until January 2021 and was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. , representing the offering expenses net of the reimbursement was recorded to additional paid-in capital against the proceeds received. 

 The 2018 Plan authorizes the Company s Board of Directors or a committee of not less than two independent directors (in either case, the Administrator to grant the following types of awards: non-statutory stock options; incentive stock options; restricted stock awards; restricted stock units; stock appreciation rights; unrestricted stock awards; performance share awards; and dividend equivalent rights. The 2018 Plan is administered by the Company s Board of Directors. At the adoption of the 2018 Plan, a total of shares of Class A common stock was authorized to be issued (subject to adjustment in the case of any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar change in capitalization of the Company). In June 2022, the 2018 Plan was amended to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance by shares. Stock Incentive Plans-the 2003 Plan The Organogenesis 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2003 Plan ), provides for the Company to issue restricted stock awards, or to grant incentive stock options or non-statutory stock options. Incentive stock options may be granted only to the Company s employees. Restricted stock awards and non-statutory stock options may be granted to employees, members of the Board of Directors, outside advisors and consultants of the Company. Effective December 10, 2018, no additional awards may be made under the 2003 Plan and as a result (i) any shares in respect of stock options that are expired or terminated under the 2003 Plan without having been fully exercised will not be available for future awards; (ii) any shares in respect of restricted stock that are forfeited to, or otherwise repurchased by the Company, will not be available for future awards; and (iii) any shares of Class A common stock that are tendered to the Company by a participant to exercise an award will not be available for future awards. Stock-Based Compensation Expense Stock options awarded under the stock incentive plans expire years after the grant date and typically vest over four or . Restricted stock units awarded typically vest over four years. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expenses of , , and , respectively, within selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted time-based restricted stock units to its employees, executives and the Board of Directors. Each restricted stock unit represents the contingent right to receive one share of the Company s Class A common stock. The fair value of the restricted stock units was based on the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Canceled/Forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units expected to vest was and the weighted average remaining recognition period for unvested awards was years. Stock Options The stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were and , respectively. The assumptions that the Company used to determine the grant-date fair value of stock options granted during these periods were as follows, presented on a weighted-average basis: 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Underlying stock price 

These assumptions resulted in an estimated weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Canceled / forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Options vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s Class A common stock for those stock options that have exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s Class A common stock. The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock compensation expense was and was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Between 2010 and 2013, a former executive took several partial recourse notes totaling to exercise his shares of stock options. The notes were secured with these shares held by the former executive. When the loans were outstanding, the options were not considered exercised and were included within the options outstanding for accounting purposes. As of December 31, 2020, of the principal balance of the partial recourse notes was outstanding and shares were not considered outstanding for accounting purposes. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, the former executive repaid the remaining principal balance of the notes (see footnote 19. Related Parties Transactions ). The repayments were treated as the exercise price for the shares of the options and were included in the consolidated statement of stockholders equity. After the partial recourse notes were paid off, all of the shares used to secure the notes were considered outstanding for accounting purposes. 

 F- 23 
 
 Table of Contents 

- 

() 

State 

Foreign 

() 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

() 

- 

Foreign 

- 

- 

Total deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

On a periodic basis, the Company reassesses the valuation allowance on its deferred income tax assets, weighing positive and negative evidence to assess the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, the Company assessed the valuation allowance and considered positive evidence, including significant cumulative consolidated income over the three years ended December 31, 2021, revenue growth and expectations of future profitability, and negative evidence, including the impact of a negative change in the economic climate, significant risks and uncertainties in the business and restrictions on tax loss utilization in certain state jurisdictions. After assessing both the positive evidence and the negative evidence, the Company determined it was more likely than not that its deferred tax assets would be realized in the future and released the valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021, resulting in a benefit from income taxes of . The Company maintained the same position that its net U.S. deferred tax assets did not require a valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available for the reduction of future years federal taxable income, net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately , all of which can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company had state net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately , expiring from the year ended December 31, 2031 through 2038. At December 31, 2022, the Company had available for the reduction of future years federal taxable income, research and development credits of approximately expiring between December 31, 2027 and December 31, 2039. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

State 

Foreign 

Other 

Capitalized R D 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

Fixed assets 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

- 

- 

ROU assets 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company s subsidiary in Switzerland is carrying a deferred tax asset of approximately relating to a net operating loss carryover that is expected to be benefited in the next couple of years. The Company has not recorded withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of its Swiss subsidiary because it is the Company s intent to reinvest such earnings indefinitely. Ownership changes, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code, may limit the amount of net operating losses and research and development tax credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income. Subsequent ownership changes could further affect the limitation in future years. The Company completed an analysis in 2021 and determined that it had not experienced an ownership change during the periods 2001 through 2021. and the reported consolidated income tax benefit (expense) are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 
 
 2020 

U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 

Federal valuation allowance 

- 

() 

() 

State valuation allowance 

- 

() 

() 

Return to provision and other adjustments 

() 

- 

- 

Prior period correction 

() 

- 

- 

State and local income taxes 

Nondeductible expenses 

Executive compensation limited by 162(m) 

- 

- 

Foreign rate differential 

- 

- 

Uncertain tax position reserves 

Research and development credits 

Effective income tax rate 

() 

The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits is , , and , as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current period 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Gross balance at end of year 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions and Switzerland. With limited exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to federal, state, local or foreign examinations for years prior to December 31, 2018. However, carryforward attributes that were generated prior to December 31, 2018 may still be adjusted upon examination by state or local tax authorities if they either have been or will be used in a future period. The Company recognizes interest and penalty-related expenses in tax expenses. and of interest recorded for uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was classified in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. These amounts are not reflected in the reconciliation above. 

 if any, of outstanding equity awards using the treasury stock method which includes consideration of unrecognized compensation expenses as additional proceeds. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Dilutive effect of restricted stock units 

Dilutive effect of options 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 

Earnings per share basic 

Earnings per share diluted 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, outstanding stock-based awards of , and , respectively, were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation as they were anti-dilutive. 

 . The Company leases vehicles under operating leases for certain employees and has fleet services agreements for service on these vehicles. The minimum lease term for each newly leased vehicle is days with renewal options. The Company may terminate the vehicle lease after the minimum lease term upon thirty days prior notice. The Company also leases other equipment under noncancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through 2025. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at lease inception. The options to extend or terminate a lease are included in the lease terms when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the options. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease obligations on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease right-of-use assets are included in property and equipment, net, and the related liabilities are included in finance lease obligations on the consolidated balance sheets. Right-of-use assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the leases. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the fixed lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. The right-of-use assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and lease payments made at or before the commencement date and are reduced by lease incentives. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate to determine the present value of the lease payments for leases that do not have a readily determinable implicit discount rate. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that it would have to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term and amount in a similar economic environment. The Company determines the incremental borrowing rates for its leases by adjusting the risk-free interest rate with a credit risk premium corresponding to the Company s credit rating. The Company records rent expense for its operating leases on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date until the end of the lease term. The Company records finance lease cost as a combination of the depreciation expense for the right-of-use assets and interest expense for the outstanding lease liabilities using the discount rate discussed above. Variable lease payments are primarily related to the office and fleet leases which include but are not limited to taxes, insurance, common area maintenance and maintenance programs for leased vehicles. Variable lease payments are based on the occurrence or usage; therefore, they are not included as part of the initial right-of-use assets and liabilities calculation. On January 1, 2013, the Company entered into finance lease arrangements with 65 Dan Road SPE, LLC, 85 Dan Road Associates, LLC, Dan Road Equity I, LLC and 275 Dan Road SPE, LLC for office and laboratory space in Canton, Massachusetts. 65 Dan Road SPE, LLC, 85 Dan Road Associates, LLC, Dan Road Equity I, LLC and 275 Dan Road SPE, LLC are related parties as the owners of these entities are also directors, former directors and / or stockholders of the Company. In August 2021, the Company purchased the building (the 275 Dan Road Building under the lease with 275 Dan Road SPE, LLC for and the lease was terminated. The Company recorded an asset of 4,943 to buildings within fixed asset, net in accordance with ASC 842-20-40-2 Purchase of the Underlying Asset to account for the purchase of the leased asset. Other than the lease with 275 Dan Road SPE, LLC which was terminated in August 2021, the remaining three leases were set to terminate on December 31, 2022 and each contained a renewal option for a five-year period with a rental rate at the greater of (i) rent for the last year of the prior term, or (ii) the then fair market value. The Company exercised the option to extend the leases for an additional five years in November 2021. It remeasured the lease assets and liabilities based on its best estimate of the market rental rate in the renewal period and reassessed the classification for these leases according to ASC 842-10-25-1 Lease Classification. As a result, these leases were reclassified from finance leases to operating leases . The related finance lease assets and liabilities were reclassified to operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease obligations on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. In December 2022, the Company and the landlord finalized the market rental rate in the renewal period for these properties, resulting in an additional to be recorded as variable lease expenses over the renewal period. The Company owes some accrued but unpaid lease obligations under the aforementioned leases as detailed in the section below. Effective April 1, 2019, the Company agreed to accrue interest on the accrued but unpaid lease obligations at an interest rate equal to the rate charged under the 2019 Credit Agreement. In connection with the purchase of the 275 Dan Road Building in August 2021, the Company paid of the accrued but unpaid lease obligations associated with this building and the accrued interest thereof. The remaining balance for this building was paid in five quarterly installments through January 3, 2023. 

Unpaid operating and common area maintenance costs 

- 

Total accrued but unpaid lease obligations 

Accrued interest on accrued but unpaid lease obligations 

The principal portion of rent in arrears was included in the short-term portion of operating lease obligations other than the balance related to the 275 Dan Road Building that was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The unpaid operating and common area maintenance costs, and the accrued interest on the accrued but unpaid lease obligations were included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 
 Interest Expense 

Total Finance lease cost 

Operating lease cost 
 
 COGS, R D, SG A 

Short-term lease cost 
 
 COGS, R D, SG A 

Variable lease cost 
 
 COGS, R D, SG A 

Total lease cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

- 

Current portion of finance lease obligations 

- 

Finance lease long-term obligations 

- 

- 

Total finance lease liabilities 

- 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

- 

- 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 

Finance leases 

- 

Operating leases 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Finance leases 

- 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were classified as part of accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. There was royalty expense incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, related to this agreement. In October 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement with a third party. Under the license agreement, the Company is required to pay royalties based on a percentage of net sales of the licensed product that occur, after December 31, 2017, through the expiration of the underlying patent in October 2026, subject to minimum royalty payment provisions. The Company recorded royalty expense of , , and , during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, within selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. As part of the NuTech Medical acquisition, the Company inherited certain product development and consulting agreements for ongoing consulting services and royalty payments based on a percentage of net sales on certain products over a period of years from the execution of the agreements. These product development and consulting agreements were canceled in January 2020 for total consideration of which was paid on February 14, 2020. The cancellation fee was recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. Legal Matters In conducting its activities, the Company, from time to time, is subject to various claims and also has claims against others. In management s opinion, the ultimate resolution of such claims would not have a material effect on the financial position, operating results or cash flows of the Company. The Company accrues for these claims when amounts due are probable and estimable. The Company accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for certain pending lawsuits. The purchase price for NuTech Medical acquired in 2017 included deferred acquisition consideration of which the Company paid in 2017. The remaining of deferred acquisition consideration plus accrued interest owed to the sellers of NuTech Medical was previously in dispute. In February 2020, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the sellers of NuTech Medical and settled the dispute for of which, was paid immediately on February 24, 2020 and the remaining was paid in four quarterly installments of each through March 31, 2021. In addition, the Company assumed from the sellers of NuTech Medical the payment responsibilities related to a legacy lawsuit existing at the acquisition date of NuTech Medical. The assumed legacy lawsuit was settled in October 2020. In connection with the settlement of the deferred acquisition consideration dispute and the legacy lawsuit, the Company recorded a gain of for the year ended December 31, 2020. The gain was included as a component of other expense, net, on the consolidated statement of operations. 

 per annum, compounded annually. The Employer Loans were secured by shares of the Company s Class A common stock held by the former executives. With respect to the Liquidity Loans, the Company had no personal recourse against the borrowers beyond the pledged shares. As of December 31, 2020, Liquidity Loans and Option Loans to one former executive were outstanding with an aggregate principal balance of and , respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, this former executive paid off the outstanding principal balance of his Employer Loans and the related interest receivable. As a result, the Company recorded as a recovery of the previously reserved related party receivables within selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The of the repaid principal balance of the Option Loans was recorded to equity. See footnote 14. Share-Based Compensation . 

 , , and , respectively. 

 employees, or approximately of all employees. The Company expects to incur a total charge of approximately million in the first quarter of 2023, primarily consisting of severance payments. In the first quarter of 2023, options to purc hase shares of common stock and shares of restri cted stock units were granted to our Board of Directors and executives. The majority of these options and restricted stock units will vest over . At the time of the submission of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company's products are subject to the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and rebate obligation that took effect on January 1, 2023. Consequently, the Company may owe rebates to the federal government prospectively, on Apligraf, Dermagraft (when marketed), and PuraPly products and possibly other products if more than a certain percentage of a single-use product is not administered to a patient and is discarded by providers. 

F- 30 

<EX-10>
 2
 orgo-ex10_33.htm
 EX-10.33

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.33 
 Execution Version 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This First Amendment to Credit Agreement (this Amendment dated and effective as of December 8, 2022 (the First Amendment Effective Date by and among ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party hereto (the Lenders and SILICON VALLEY BANK SVB ), as the Administrative Agent (SVB, in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and as the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender. 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 6, 2021 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated and in effect from time to time, the Credit Agreement ); and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to modify and amend certain terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 1. Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning herein as in the Credit Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, as applicable. 

2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . 

(a) General Amendment . The Credit Agreement (excluding any Exhibits or Schedules thereto, which shall remain in full force and effect unless expressly amended pursuant to this Amendment) is hereby amended as set forth in Annex A attached hereto such that all of the newly inserted double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text and double-underlined text and any formatting changes attached hereto shall be deemed to be inserted in the text of the Credit Agreement, and all of the deleted stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: stricken text and stricken text shall be deemed to be deleted from the text of the Credit Agreement. 

(b) Amendment and Restatement of Certain Exhibits . Each of Exhibit K to the Credit Agreement (Form of Notice of Borrowing) and Exhibit L to the Credit Agreement (Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation) is hereby amended, restated and replaced with the form of Exhibit K and Exhibit L as set forth on Annex B attached to this Amendment. 

3. SOFR Conversion . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Credit Agreement (including for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Interest Period set forth therein), each Loan outstanding immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date shall be permitted to continue to accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the Eurodollar Rate determined for such day plus (b) the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Loans (in each case as defined in the Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the 

1 
 NY-2464170.5 

2 
 NY-2464170.5 
 
 First Amendment Effective Date) through and until the last day of the Interest Period for such Loans as in effect immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 4. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall not be effective until each of the following conditions precedent have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent: 

(a) This Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed copy of this Amendment. 

(b) Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(c) Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties made by each Loan Party in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (i) that is qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) that is not qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or all respects, as applicable) as of such earlier date. 

(d) The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel required to be paid hereunder or under any other Loan Document), to the extent provided in Section 10.5 of the Credit Agreement on or before the First Amendment Effective Date. 

5. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows: 

(a) This Amendment is, and each other Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, when executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto, will be the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally. 

(b) Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment and after giving effect hereto, and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (i) that is qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) that is not qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or all respects, as applicable) as of such earlier date. 

3 
 NY-2464170.5 
 
 (c) The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently provided to each Lender, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 

6. Payment of Costs and Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent all reasonable costs, out-of-pocket expenses, and fees and charges of every kind of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any documents and instruments relating hereto (which costs include, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of any attorneys retained by the Administrative Agent) to the extent provided in Section 

10.5 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 7. Choice of Law . This Amendment and the rights of the parties hereunder, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws (and not the conflict of law rules) of the State of New York. Section 10.14 of the Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference. 

8. Counterpart Execution . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment. 

9. Effect on Loan Documents . 

(a) The Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and each of the other Loan Documents shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and hereby are ratified and confirmed in all respects. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a modification or waiver of any right, power, or remedy of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein. Nothing contained in this Amendment shall constitute a novation of the Obligations. The modifications and other agreements herein are limited to the specifics hereof (including facts or occurrences on which the same are based), shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than those on which the same are based, shall not excuse any non-compliance with the Loan Documents, and shall not operate as a consent or waiver to any matter under the Loan Documents. Except for the amendments to the Credit Agreement expressly set forth herein, the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. To the extent any terms or provisions of this Amendment conflict with those of the Credit Agreement or other Loan Documents, the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall control. 

(b) To the extent that any terms and conditions in any of the Loan Documents shall contradict or be in conflict with any terms or conditions of the Credit Agreement, after giving effect to this Amendment, such terms and conditions are hereby deemed modified or amended accordingly to reflect the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement as modified or amended hereby. 

(c) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 

4 
 NY-2464170.5 
 
 10. Entire Agreement . This Amendment, and terms and provisions hereof, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous amendments or understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether express or implied, oral or written. 

11. Severability . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the remainder of this Amendment and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

[ Signature pages follow ] 

5 
 NY-2464170.5 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the patties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER: 

ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 David Francisco 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement/ 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND LENDER: 

SILICON VALLEY BANK 

By: 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

LENDER: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

By: 

Name: 
 Irina Froment 

Title: 
 Senior Vice President 

NY-2464170.5 

LENDER: 

CITIZENS BANK N.A. 

By: 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement} 

LENDER: 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreemen t] 
 
 CONSENT AND REAFFIRMATION 
 
 The Guarantor hereby (i) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the foregoing First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the First Amendment capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement as amended by the First Amendment); (ii) consents to Borrower's execution and delivery of the First Amendment; (iii) affirms that nothing contained in the First Amendment shall modify in any respect whatsoever any Loan Document to which it is a party except as expressly set forth therein; and (iv) ratifies, affirms, acknowledges and agrees that each of the Loan Documents to which the Guarantor is a party represents the valid, enforceable and collectible obligations of the Guarantor. The Guarantor hereby agrees that the First Amendment in no way acts as a release or relinquishment of the Liens and rights securing payments of the Obligations. The guarantee, Liens and rights securing payment of the Obligations (including as amended by the First Amendment) are hereby ratified and confirmed by the Guarantor in all respects. Although the Guarantor has been informed of the matters set forth herein and has acknowledged and agreed to same, the Guarantor understands that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender has any obligation to inform the Guarantor of such matters in the future or to seek the Guarantor's acknowledgment or agreement to future amendments, waivers or consents, and nothing herein shall create such a duty. 

NY-2464170.5 

ORGANOGENESIS INC. 

Name: 
 David Francisco 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

PRIME MERGER SUB, LLC 

Name: 
 David Francisco 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Consent and Reafirmation} 

Annex A Conformed Credit Agreement 
 [See Attached] 

NY-2464170.5 
 
 Conformed to include changes pursuant to the First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 
 Execution Version 

SENIOR SECURED CREDIT FACILITIES CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of August 6, 2021, among 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. , 
 as the Borrower, 
 
 THE SEVERAL LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
 
 SILICON VALLEY BANK , 
 as Administrative Agent, Joint Lead Arranger, Bookrunner, Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender and 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., CITIZENS BANK N.A. 
 and 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC , 
 each as Joint Lead Arrangers 

NY-2463280 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page 
 SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS	1 
 1.1 Defined Terms	1 

1.2 Other Definitional Provisions. 	 44 43 

1.3 Rounding	 45 44 

1.4 Limited Condition Acquisitions 	 45 44 

1.5 Rates.	45 

SECTION 2 AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 	 45 46 
 2.1 Term Commitments 	 45 46 

2.2 Procedure for Term Loan Borrowing	46 

2.3 Repayment of Term Loans	46 

2.4 Revolving Commitments	46 

2.5 Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing	47 

2.6 Swingline Commitment	47 

2.7 Procedure for Swingline Borrowing; Refunding of Swingline Loans. 	 47 48 

2.8 [Reserved]	49 

2.9 Fees	49 

2.10 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments. 	 49 50 

2.11 Optional Loan Prepayments	50 

2.12 Mandatory Prepayments. 	 50 51 

2.13 Conversion and Continuation Options	52 

2.14 Limitations on Eurodollar SOFR Tranches	52 

2.15 Interest Rates and Payment Dates. 	 52 53 

2.16 Computation of Interest and Fees ; Conforming Changes 	 53 

2.17 Inability to Determine Interest Rate	53 

2.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments	55 

2.19 Illegality; Requirements of Law	58 

2.20 Taxes.	60 

2.21 Indemnity	64 

2.22 Change of Lending Office	64 

2.23 Substitution of Lenders	64 

2.24 Defaulting Lenders	65 

2.25 [Reserved]	68 

2.26 Notes	68 

2.27 Incremental Loans	68 

SECTION 3 LETTERS OF CREDIT	71 
 3.1 L/C Commitment	71 

3.2 Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit	72 

3.3 Fees and Other Charges	73 

3.4 L/C Participations; Existing Letters of Credit 	 73 74 

3.5 Reimbursement	74 

3.6 Obligations Absolute	75 

3.7 Letter of Credit Payments	75 

3.8 Applications 	 75 76 

3.9 Interim Interest 	 75 76 

3.10 Cash Collateral	76 

-i- 
 
 i 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Page 
 3.11 Additional Issuing Lenders	77 

3.12 Resignation of the Issuing Lender	77 

3.13 Applicability of ISP	77 

SECTION 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 	 77 78 
 4.1 Financial Condition. 	 77 78 

4.2 No Change	78 

4.3 Existence; Compliance with Law	78 

4.4 Power, Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 	 78 79 

4.5 No Legal Bar	79 

4.6 Litigation	79 

4.7 No Default	79 

4.8 Ownership of Property; Liens; Investments	79 

4.9 Intellectual Property	79 

4.10 Taxes	80 

4.11 Federal Regulations	80 

4.12 Labor Matters	80 

4.13 ERISA	80 

4.14 Investment Company Act; Other Regulations	81 

4.15 Subsidiaries	81 

4.16 Use of Proceeds 	 81 82 

4.17 Environmental Matters	82 

4.18 Accuracy of Information, etc. 	 82 83 

4.19 Security Documents	83 

4.20 Solvency 	 83 84 

4.21 Regulation H	84 

4.22 [Reserved]	84 

4.23 Regulatory Matters	84 

4.24 Insurance	86 

4.25 No Casualty	 86 87 

4.26 [Reserved] 	 86 87 

4.27 [Reserved] 	 86 87 

4.28 OFAC 	 86 87 

4.29 Anti-Corruption Laws	87 

4.30 Affected Financial Institution	87 

SECTION 5 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT	87 
 5.1 Conditions to Effectiveness and Initial Extension of Credit	87 

5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit	90 

5.3 Post-Closing Conditions Subsequent	91 

SECTION 6 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 	 91 92 
 6.1 Financial Statements 	 91 92 

6.2 Certificates; Reports; Other Information 	 92 93 

6.3 [Reserved]	94 

6.4 Payment of Obligations; Taxes	94 

6.5 Maintenance of Existence; Compliance	94 

6.6 Maintenance of Property; Insurance 	 94 95 

6.7 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 	 94 95 

6.8 Notices	95 

ii 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Page 
 6.9 Environmental Laws	96 

6.10 Operating Accounts	96 

6.11 [Reserved] 	 96 97 

6.12 Additional Collateral, Etc. 	 96 97 

6.13 Licensee Consent	99 

6.14 Use of Proceeds	99 

6.15 Designated Senior Indebtedness	99 

6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions	99 

6.17 Further Assurances	99 

SECTION 7 NEGATIVE COVENANTS	99 
 
 7.1 Financial Condition Covenants. 	 99 100 

7.2 Indebtedness 	 100 101 

7.3 Liens 	 101 102 

7.4 Fundamental Changes 	 103 104 

7.5 Disposition of Property 	 104 105 

7.6 Restricted Payments 	 105 106 

7.7 [Reserved]. 	 106 107 

7.8 Investments 	 106 107 

7.9 ERISA 	 109 110 

7.10 Payments and Modifications of Certain Preferred Stock and Debt Instruments. 	 109 110 

7.11 Transactions with Affiliates 	 109 110 

7.12 Sale Leaseback Transactions 	 109 110 

7.13 Swap Agreements 	 109 110 

7.14 Accounting Changes 	 110 111 

7.15 Negative Pledge Clauses 	 110 111 

7.16 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions 	 110 111 

7.17 Lines of Business 	 110 111 

7.18 [Reserved] 	 110 111 

7.19 [Reserved]. 	 110 111 

7.20 Amendments to Organizational Agreements. 	 110 111 

7.21 Use of Proceeds 	 111 112 

7.22 Subordinated Indebtedness. 	 111 112 

7.23 Anti-Terrorism Laws. 	 111 112 

SECTION 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 	 111 112 
 8.1 Events of Default 	 111 112 

8.2 Remedies Upon Event of Default 	 114 115 

8.3 Application of Funds 	 115 116 

SECTION 9 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 	 117 118 
 9.1 Appointment and Authority. 	 117 118 

9.2 Delegation of Duties 	 117 118 

9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 	 118 119 

9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent 	 118 119 

9.5 Notice of Default 	 119 120 

9.6 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 	 119 120 

9.7 Indemnification 	 120 121 

iii 
 NY-2463280 
 
 9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity 	 120 121 

9.9 Successor Administrative Agent. 	 120 121 

iv 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Page 

9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 	 121 122 

9.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 	 122 123 

9.12 No Other Duties, etc 	 123 124 

9.13 Cash Management Bank and Qualified Counterparty Reports 	 123 124 

9.14 Erroneous Payments 	 123 124 

9.15 Certain ERISA Matters. 	 126 127 

9.16 Survival 	 127 128 

SECTION 10 MISCELLANEOUS 	 127 128 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers. 	 127 128 

10.2 Notices 	 129 130 

10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 	 131 132 

10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties 	 131 132 

10.5 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 	 131 132 

10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. 	 133 134 

10.7 Adjustments; Set-off. 	 136 137 

10.8 Payments Set Aside 	 137 138 

10.9 Interest Rate Limitation 	 138 139 

10.10 Counterparts; Electronic Execution of Assignments. 	 138 139 

10.11 Severability 	 138 139 

10.12 Integration 	 138 139 

10.13 GOVERNING LAW 	 138 139 

10.14 Submission to Jurisdiction 	 139 140 

10.15 Acknowledgements 	 139 140 

10.16 Releases of Guarantees and Liens. 	 140 141 

10.17 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 	 141 142 

10.18 Automatic Debits 	 142 143 

10.19 Judgment Currency 	 142 143 

10.20 Patriot Act; Other Regulations 	 142 143 

10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 	 142 143 

10.22 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 	 143 144 

- 4 - 
 NY-2463280 

SCHEDULES 
 
 Schedule 1.1A:	Commitments 
 Schedule 1.1B:	Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 1.1C:	Borrower Insiders 
 Schedule 4.4:	Governmental Approvals, Consents, Authorizations, Filings and Notices 
 Schedule 4.13:	ERISA Plans 
 Schedule 4.15:	Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 4.17:	Environmental Matters 
 Schedule 4.19(a):	Financing Statements and Other Filings Schedule 4.23(d):	Product Recalls And Market Withdrawals Schedule 7.2(d):	Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 7.3(f):	Existing Liens 
 Schedule 7.8(d):	Existing Investments to Loans and Officers Schedule 7.8(n):	Existing Investments 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit A:	Form of Guarantee and Collateral Agreement 
 Exhibit B:	Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit C:	Form of Secretary s/Managing Member s Certificate 
 Exhibit D:	Form of Solvency Certificate 
 Exhibit E:	Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibits F-1 F-4:	Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit G:	[Reserved] 
 Exhibit H-1:	Form of Revolving Loan Note 
 Exhibit H-2:	Form of Swingline Loan Note 
 Exhibit H-3:	Form of Term Loan Note 
 Exhibit I:	[Reserved] 
 Exhibit J:	Form of Collateral Information Certificate 
 Exhibit K:	Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 Exhibit L:	Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation 

-i- 

NY-2463280 
 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of August 6, 2021, is entered into by and among ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (each a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders ), SILICON VALLEY BANK SVB ), as the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender, and SVB , as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacities, together with any successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS: 
 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower desires to obtain financing to refinance the Existing Credit Facility, as well as for working capital financing, letter of credit facilities and other general corporate purposes; 
 
 WHEREAS , the Lenders have agreed to extend certain credit facilities to the Borrower, upon the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 
 200,000,000, consisting of a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of 75,000,000, and a revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 125,000,000, including a letter of credit sub-facility in the aggregate availability amount of 6,500,000 (as a sublimit of the revolving loan facility); and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate availability amount of 6,500,000 (as a sublimit of the revolving loan facility); 
 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has agreed to secure all of its Obligations by granting to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority lien (subject to Liens permitted by the Loan Documents) on substantially all of its assets; and 
 
 WHEREAS , each of the Guarantors has agreed to guarantee the Obligations of the Borrower and to secure its respective Obligations in respect of such guarantee by granting to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority lien (subject to Liens permitted by the Loan Documents) on substantially all of its assets. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 
 SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement (including the recitals hereof), the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1 . 

ABR : for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect for on such day plus 0.50 , and (c) the Eurodollar Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day (taking into account the Floor set forth in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR plus 1.00 ; provided that in no event shall the ABR be deemed to be less than 1.00 . Any change in the ABR due to a change in any of the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Eurodollar Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , as the case may be, shall be effective as of the opening of business on the effective day of the change in such rates. 
 
 ABR Loans : Loans, the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the ABR. ABR Term SOFR Determination Day : as defined in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 
 1 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Accrued Rent Obligations :	the aggregate unpaid rent obligations in the amount of 
 10,335,513.47 owed by the Loan Parties to Borrower Insiders with respect to premises leased by the Loan Parties from the Borrower Insiders for rent accrued prior to August 6, 2021. 
 
 Adjusted Term SOFR : for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 
 Administrative Agent : SVB, as the administrative agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with any of its successors in such capacity. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution . 
 
 Affected Lender : as defined in Section 2.23 . 
 
 Affiliate : with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified; provided that, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders shall be deemed Affiliates of the Loan Parties as a result of the exercise of their rights and remedies under the Loan Documents. 
 
 Agent Parties : as defined in Section 10.2(c)(ii) . 
 
 Aggregate Exposure : with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of 
 (a) without duplication of clause (b), the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Term Loans, (b) without duplication of clause (a), the aggregate amount of such Lender s Term Commitments then in effect, (c) the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding, and (d) without duplication of clause (c), the L/C Commitment of such Lender then in effect (as a sublimit of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender). 
 
 Aggregate Exposure Percentage : with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
 
 Agreement : as defined in the preamble hereto. Agreement Currency : as defined in Section 10.19 . 
 Applicable Margin : initially, the rates per annum corresponding to Level V in the table below; provided that commencing on the date on which the Administrative Agent receives copies of the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending September 30, 2021, together with a Compliance Certificate in respect thereof as contemplated by Section 6.2(b) , Applicable Margin shall mean the rate per annum set forth under the relevant column heading below: 

2 
 NY-2463280 
 
 TERM LOANS AND REVOLVING LOANS 

Level 
 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio 
 Eurodollar SOFR Loans 
 ABR Loans/Swingine Loans 
 Commitment Fee Rate 

I 
 3.25: 1.00 
 3.25 
 2.25 
 0.45 

II 
 2.50:1.00 but 
 2.75 
 1.75 
 0.40 

III 
 2.00:1.00 but 
 2.50 
 1.50 
 0.35 

IV 
 1.50:1.00 but 
 2.25 
 1.25 
 0.30 

V 
 
 2.00 
 1.00 
 0.25 

3 
 NY-2463280 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) if the financial statements required by Section 6.1 and the related Compliance Certificate required by Section 6.2(b) are not delivered by the respective date required thereunder after the end of any related fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the Applicable Margin shall be the rates corresponding to Level I in the foregoing tables until such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, and (b) no reduction to the Applicable Margin shall become effective at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Loan Parties or for any other reason, the Administrative Agent determines prior to the Discharge of Obligations that (x) the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (y) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio would have resulted in different pricing for any period, then (i) if the proper calculation of the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall automatically and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Lenders, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent, an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period; and (ii) if the proper calculation of the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio would have resulted in lower pricing for such period, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to repay any interest or fees to the Borrower. 
 
 Application : an application, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting the Issuing Lender to issue a Letter of Credit. 
 
 Approved Fund : any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Asset Sale : any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property (excluding any such Disposition of property permitted by clauses (a) through (k) of Section 7.5 that yields gross proceeds to any Group Member (valued at the initial principal amount thereof in the case of non-cash proceeds consisting of notes or other debt securities and valued at fair market value in the case of other non-cash proceeds) in excess of 5,000,000. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption : an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.6 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form approved 

4 
 NY-2463280 
 
 by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Available Revolving Commitment : at any time, an amount equal to (a) the Total Revolving Commitments in effect at such time, minus (b) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, minus (c) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans at such time, minus (d) the aggregate principal balance of any Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. 
 
 Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark , as applicable, component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.17(b)(iv) . 
 
 Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other Insolvency Proceedings). 
 
 Bankruptcy Code : Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy. 
 
 Benchmark : initially, the Eurodollar Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have has occurred with respect to the Eurodollar Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.17(b)(i) . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement : (a) for any Available Tenor with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event , the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
 (i) the sum of: (A) Term SOFR and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

ii a the sum of: A i Daily Simple SOFR and B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; ii) 0.10 per annum; or 
 
 iii b the sum of: A i the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current 

5 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to x A any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or y B any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and B ii the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ; . 
 
 provided that, in the case of clause (i), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion . 
 
 (b) With respect to any Term SOFR Transition Event, the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: 
 
 (a) for purposes of clauses (a)(i) and (ii) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 

(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; 

(ii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and 

(b) for purposes of clause (a)(iii) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement , Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to i a any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or ii b any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar denominated Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities ; at such time. 

6 
 NY-2463280 
 
 provided that, in the case of clause (a) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent reasonably decides is necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date : the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 

(ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of the public on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein; in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

(c) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the Administrative Agent has provided the Term SOFR Notice to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17(b)(i)(B); or 

(d) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of 

7 
 NY-2463280 
 
 the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event : the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date : in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of 
 (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period : the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with the Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting 2.17(b) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.17(b) . 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification : a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by 

8 
 NY-2463280 
 
 the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation : United States 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Benefit Plan : any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 Benefitted Lender : as defined in Section 10.7(a) . Blocked Person : as defined in Section 7.23 . 
 Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 
 Borrower : as defined in the preamble hereto. 
 
 Borrower Insiders : the Affiliates of shareholders of the Borrower that are listed on Schedule 
 1.1 C . 

Borrowing : a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, having the same Interest Period made by the Lenders. 
 
 Borrowing Date : any Business Day specified by the Borrower in a Notice of Borrowing as a date on which the Borrower requests the relevant Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
 
 Buildout Capex : Consolidated Capital Expenditures associated with the buildout of new manufacturing facilities of the Group Members. 
 
 Business : as defined in Section 4.17(b) . 
 
 Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of New York or the State of California are authorized or required by law to close ; provided that with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Eurodollar Loans, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar deposits in the interbank eurodollar market. . 
 
 Capital Lease Obligations : as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP; provided , that for all purposes hereunder, any obligations of such Person that would have been treated as operating leases in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 840 (regardless of whether or not then in effect) shall be treated as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions, calculations and covenants, without giving effect to Accounting 

9 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Standards Codification 842 requiring operating leases to be recharacterized or treated as capital leases. 
 
 Capital Stock : with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 
 Cash Collateralize : to pledge and deposit with or deliver to (a) with respect to Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender and one or more of the Lenders, as applicable, as collateral for L/C Exposure or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect thereof, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender shall agree in their sole discretion, other reasonably satisfactory credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Lender; (b) unless otherwise waived (or reduced by) the applicable Cash Management Bank, with respect to Obligations arising under any Cash Management Agreement in connection with Cash Management Services, the applicable Cash Management Bank, for its own or any of its applicable Affiliate s benefit, as provider of such Cash Management Services, cash or deposit account balances having an aggregate value of 105 of the aggregate Obligations arising under such Cash Management Agreement evidencing such Cash Management Services or, if the applicable Cash Management Bank shall agree in its sole discretion, other reasonably satisfactory credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to such Cash Management Bank; or (c) unless otherwise waived by the applicable Qualified Counterparty with respect to Obligations in respect of any Specified Swap Agreements, the applicable Qualified Counterparty, as Collateral for such Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if such Qualified Counterparty shall agree in its sole discretion, other reasonably satisfactory credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to such Qualified Counterparty. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 
 Cash Equivalents : (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition; (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition issued by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof having combined capital and surplus of not less than 250,000,000; (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at least A-1 by S P or P-1 by Moody s, or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, and maturing within six (6) months from the date of acquisition; (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender or of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than thirty (30) days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government; (e) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by S P or A by Moody s; (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from 

10 
 NY-2463280 
 
 the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition; (g) money market mutual or similar funds that invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition; (h) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000; (i) in the case of any Group Member organized or having its principal place of business outside the United States, investments denominated in the currency of the jurisdiction in which such Group member is organized or has its principal place of business which are similar and of comparable credit quality to the items specified in clauses (b) through (i) above; or (j) investments permitted by the Borrower s board-approved investment policy as in effect on the Closing Date or as otherwise modified with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 Cash Management Agreement : as defined in the definition of Cash Management Services. Cash Management Bank : any Person that, at the time it enters into a Cash Management 
 Agreement, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management 
 Agreement. 
 
 Cash Management Services : cash management and other services provided to one or more of the Group Members by a Cash Management Bank which may include treasury, depository, return items, netting, overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system), merchant services, direct deposit of payroll, employee credit card programs, business credit card (including so-called purchase cards , procurement cards or p-cards ), credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, and check cashing services identified in such Cash Management Bank s various cash management services or other similar agreements (each, a Cash Management Agreement ). 
 
 Casualty Event : any damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking by any Governmental Authority of any property of the Loan Parties. 
 
 Certificated Securities : as defined in Section 4.19(a) . 
 
 Change of Control : (a) at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) shall become, or obtain rights (whether by means of warrants, options or otherwise) to become, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 40 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Borrower (determined on a fully diluted basis); (b) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; or (c) the Borrower shall cease to own and control, of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100 of each class of outstanding Capital Stock of each other Loan Party (except for dispositions permitted by Section 7.5 free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security Documents). 

11 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Closing Date : the date on which all of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.1 are satisfied or waived. 
 
 Code : the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Collateral : all property of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which a Lien is purported to be created by any Security Document. For the avoidance of doubt, no Excluded Asset shall constitute Collateral . 
 
 Collateral Information Certificate : the Collateral Information Certificate to be executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.1 , substantially in the form of Exhibit J . 
 
 Collateral-Related Expenses : all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent paid or incurred in connection with any sale, collection or other realization on the Collateral, including reasonable compensation to the Administrative Agent s and its agents and counsel, and reimbursement for all other reasonable costs, expenses and liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith (including as described in Section 6.6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), and all amounts for which the Administrative Agent is entitled to indemnification under the Security Documents and all advances made by the Administrative Agent under the Security Documents for the account of any Loan Party. 
 
 Commitment : as to any Lender, the sum of its Term Commitment and its Revolving Commitment. 
 
 Commitment Fee Rate : initially, the rates per annum corresponding to Level V in the table set forth under the relevant column set forth the definition of Applicable Margin; provided that commencing on the date on which the Administrative Agent receives copies of the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending September 30, 2021, together with a Compliance Certificate in respect thereof as contemplated by Section 6.2(b) , Commitment Fee Rate shall mean the rate per annum set forth under the relevant column heading set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin. 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act : the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. Section 1 et seq. ), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 
 Communications : as defined in Section 10.2(c)(ii) . 
 
 Compliance Certificate : a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 
 Conforming Changes : with respect to either the use or administration of any Benchmark or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.21 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of 

12 
 NY-2463280 
 
 such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Connection Income Taxes : Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures : for any period, with respect to the Group Members, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or other consideration or accrued as a liability and including that portion of Capital Lease Obligations which is capitalized on the consolidated balance sheet of the Group Members) by such Group Members during such period for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capital lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period) that, in conformity with GAAP, are included in additions to property, plant or equipment or comparable items reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group Members; provided that for any period, with respect to the Group Members, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or other consideration or accrued as a liability and including that portion of Capital Lease Obligations which is capitalized on the consolidated balance sheet of the Group Members) by such Group Members during such period for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capital lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period) that, in conformity with GAAP, are included in additions to property, plant or equipment or comparable items reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group Members; provided that Consolidated Capital Expenditures shall not include (a) expenditures in respect of normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations, (b) expenditures made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of assets to the extent financed (i) from insurance proceeds paid on account of the loss of or damage to the assets being replaced or restored or (ii) with awards of compensation arising from the taking by eminent domain or condemnation of the assets being replaced, (c) expenditures made as a tenant as leasehold improvements during such period to the extent reimbursed by the landlord during such period or (d) Permitted Acquisitions and other similar Investments permitted by Section 7.8 . 
 
 Consolidated EBITDA : with respect to the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for any 
 period, 
 
 (a) Consolidated Net Income, plus 

(b) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period but solely to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, for such period of: 

(i) Consolidated Interest Expense, plus 

(ii) provisions for taxes based on income, profits and capital gain and franchise taxes, 

plus 
 
 (iii) total depreciation expense, plus 

(iv) total amortization expense, plus 

(v) other non-cash items reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-cash item to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any 

13 
 NY-2463280 
 
 future period or amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), plus 
 
 (vi) losses in connection with casualty events to the extent covered by insurance with respect to which the applicable insurer has assumed responsibility (without regard to proceeds of business interruption insurance), plus 

(vii) costs and expenses relating to the Loan Documents and the refinancing of the Existing Credit Facility, plus 

(viii) other extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring losses, charges or expenses; provided that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (viii) and clauses (xiv) and (xv) below shall not exceed for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, an amount equal to 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to any such adjustments), plus 

(ix) non-cash charges for employee compensation plans (including stock option compensation), plus 

(x) Public Company Costs paid in cash during such period, plus 

(xi) proceeds from business interruption insurance received during such period (to the extent not reflected as revenue or income in Consolidated Net Income and to the extent that the related loss was deducted in the determination of Consolidated Net Income), plus 

(xii) any fees, costs, expenses or charges related to any actual, proposed or contemplated issuance of Capital Stock, Investment, acquisition, disposition outside of the ordinary course of business, recapitalization or the incurrence of Indebtedness (including a refinancing thereof), plus 

(xiii) contingent obligations, purchase price adjustments, milestone payments, earn-out payments and indemnity obligations incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, plus 

(xiv) the amount of pro forma run rate cost savings (including cost savings with respect to salary, benefit and other direct savings resulting from workforce reductions and facility, benefit and insurance savings and any savings expected to result from the elimination of a public target s Public Company Costs) and operating expense reductions attributable to operating improvements, strategic initiatives, synergies (including with respect to Permitted Acquisitions) or other actions actually taken (it is understood and agreed that run rate means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated with any action actually taken, net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions) that are projected by Borrower in good faith to be realized within 12 months of the last day of such period (including from any actions taken in whole or in part prior to such date), which will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings (including cost savings with respect to salary, benefit and other direct savings resulting from workforce reductions and facility, benefit and insurance savings and any savings expected to result from the elimination of a public target s Public Company Costs) and operating expense reductions had been realized on the first day of such period, in each case, net of the amount of actual benefits realized prior to or during such period from such actions; provided that such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower); and provided further that (A) the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (xiv), clause (viii) above and clause (xv) below shall not exceed for 

14 
 NY-2463280 
 
 any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, an amount equal to 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to any such adjustments), and (B) no such amounts added back pursuant to this clause (xiv) shall be duplicative of any expense or charges otherwise added back to Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period, plus 
 
 (xv) the amount of any restructuring charge, accrual, reserve (and adjustments to existing reserves) or expense, integration cost, inventory optimization programs or other business optimization expense or cost (including charges directly related to the implementation of cost-savings initiatives and tax restructurings) that is deducted (and not added back) in such period in computing Consolidated Net Income, including any such costs incurred in connection with acquisitions or divestitures after the Closing Date, any severance, retention, signing bonuses, relocation, recruiting and other employee related costs, costs in respect of strategic initiatives and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employment benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities), costs related to entry into new markets (including unused warehouse space costs) and new product introductions (including labor costs, scrap costs and lower absorption of costs, including due to decreased productivity and greater inefficiencies), systems development and establishment costs, operational and reporting systems, technology initiatives, contract termination costs, future lease commitments and costs related to the opening and closure and/or consolidation of facilities (including severance, rent termination, moving and legal costs) and to exiting lines of business and consulting fees incurred with any of the foregoing; provided that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (xv) and clauses (viii) and (xiv) above shall not exceed for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, an amount equal to 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to any such adjustments), minus 

(c) the sum , without duplication of the amounts for such period of: 

(i) non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period (excluding any such non-cash item to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential cash item in any prior period), plus 

(ii) interest income increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 

(iii) capitalized software development costs and capitalized sales commissions less current amortization from prior capitalized software development costs and sales commissions; 

provided that, without duplication of any adjustment set forth above, Consolidated EBITDA for any period shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions or any similar permitted Investment or any disposition of any business or assets consummated during such period, in each case as if such transaction occurred on the first day of such period and in accordance with Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC. 
 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio : with respect to the Group Members for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, the ratio of (a) the result of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus (ii) the portion of taxes actually paid in cash during such period (including for purposes hereof, tax distributions made during such period) minus (iii) Consolidated Capital Expenditures and other capitalized items paid in cash (including capitalized software development costs but excluding the principal amount of Consolidated Capital Expenditures funded with Indebtedness incurred in connection with such expenditures), minus (iv) the amount of Buildout Capex during such period, other than Excluded Buildout Capex minus (v) cash dividends, loans to shareholders and Affiliates, stock 

15 
 NY-2463280 
 
 repurchases and other Restricted Payments paid to any Person that is not a Loan Party during such period to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such period. 
 
 Consolidated Fixed Charges : with respect to the Group Members for any period, the sum (without duplication) of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, plus (b) scheduled payments made during such period on account of principal of Indebtedness of the Group Members (including scheduled principal payments in respect of the Term Loans but excluding any repayments of Revolving Loans to the extent not accompanied by a concurrent and permanent reduction of the Revolving Commitment, and excluding mandatory prepayments required by Section 2.12 and repayments of any intercompany Investments); provided that, for the fiscal quarter ending (x) September 30, 2021, the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for such fiscal quarter shall be the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for such fiscal quarter multiplied by 4, (y) December 31, 2021, the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for such fiscal quarter shall be the sum of the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for such fiscal quarter plus the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021 multiplied by 2, and (z) March 31, 2022, the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for such fiscal quarter shall be the sum of the amount of Consolidated Fixed Charges for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 multiplied by 4/3. 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense : for any period, total cash interest expense (including such expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Group Members for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of such Persons (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP). 
 
 Consolidated Net Income : for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Group Members, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income (a) the income (or deficit) of any such Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with a Group Member, (b) the income (or deficit) of any such Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower) in which a Group Member has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by a Group Member in the form of dividends or similar distributions, and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any Contractual Obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary. 
 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness : as of any date of determination, all Indebtedness of the Group Members, including, without limitation Indebtedness in respect of borrowed money, undrawn Letters of Credit, all drawn Letters of Credit for which the drawing thereunder has not been reimbursed, all Capital Lease Obligations, and the outstanding amount of any earn outs, hold backs and other obligations for deferred payments of consideration with respect to Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments to the extent such obligations have become a liability on the balance sheet of the Group Members in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio : as at the last day of any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, the ratio of (a) the Consolidated Total Indebtedness on such day minus up to 
 25,000,000 of Qualified Cash to (b) the Consolidated EBITDA for such period. 
 
 Contract : any contract, agreement, indenture, note, bond, loan, instrument, guarantee, deed, mortgage, lease, sublease, license, sublicense, other arrangement or agreement or undertaking (whether 

16 
 NY-2463280 
 
 written, electronic or oral and whether express or implied) that is or purports by its terms to be legally binding, and including all amendments thereto. 
 
 Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, obligation under any Contract. 
 
 Control Investment Affiliate : as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in Control of, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person and (b) is organized by such Person primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies. 
 
 Control : the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Control Agreement : any account control agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent entered into among the depository institution at which a Loan Party maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary at which a Loan Party maintains a Securities Account, such Loan Party, and the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the Administrative Agent obtains springing control (within the meaning of the UCC or any other applicable law) over such Deposit Account or Securities Account. 
 
 Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR : for any day , SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SOFR for the day (such day a SOFR Determination Day that is five (5) 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website , and (b) the Floor. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2 nd 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws : the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

17 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Declined Amount : as defined in Section 2.12(e) . 
 
 Default : any of the events specified in Section 8.1 , whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
 
 Default Rate : as defined in Section 2.15(c) . 
 
 Defaulting Lender : subject to Section 2.24(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action or (iii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.24(b) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. 
 Deposit Account : any deposit account as defined in the UCC with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
 
 Deposit Account Control Agreement : any Control Agreement entered into by the Administrative Agent, a Loan Party and a financial institution holding a Deposit Account of such Loan Party pursuant to which the Administrative Agent is granted springing control (for purposes of the UCC) over such Deposit Account. 

18 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Designated Jurisdiction : any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
 
 Determination Date : as defined in the definition of Pro Forma Basis . 
 
 Device : any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including any component, part, or accessory, which is (a) recognized in the official National Formulary, or the United States Pharmacopeia, or any supplement to them, (b) intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, (c) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals; and which does not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of its primary intended purposes, or (d) any product otherwise classified as a device under the FD C Act. 
 
 Device Approval Application : with respect to any Device, a premarket approval application (PMA) submitted under Section 515 of the FD C Act (21 U.S.C. 360e), a de novo request submitted under Section 513(f) of the FD C Act (21 U.S.C. 360c(f)), or premarket notification submitted under Section 510(k) of the FD C Act (21 U.S.C. 360(k)), or any corresponding foreign application. 
 
 Discharge of Obligations : subject to Section 10.8 , the satisfaction of the Obligations (including all such Obligations relating to Cash Management Services) by the payment in full, in cash (or, as applicable, Cash Collateralization in accordance with the terms hereof or as otherwise may be reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty) of the principal of and interest on or other liabilities relating to each Loan and any previously provided Cash Management Services, all fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than inchoate indemnification obligations and any other obligations which pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document specifically survive repayment of the Loans for which no claim has been made), and other Obligations under or in respect of Specified Swap Agreements and Cash Management Services, to the extent (a) any such Obligations in respect of Specified Swap Agreements have, if required by any applicable Qualified Counterparties, been Cash Collateralized, (b) no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding (or, as applicable, each outstanding and undrawn Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof or as otherwise may be reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Cash Management Bank), (c) no Obligations in respect of any Cash Management Services are outstanding (or, as applicable, all such outstanding Obligations in respect of Cash Management Services have been Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof), and (d) the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders are terminated. 
 
 Disposition : with respect to any property (including, without limitation, Capital Stock of any Group Member), any sale, lease, Sale Leaseback Transaction, assignment, conveyance, transfer, encumbrance or other disposition thereof (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) and any issuance of Capital Stock of any Group Member. The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. 
 
 Disqualified Stock : any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the date on which the Loans mature. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Group Members may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to 

19 
 NY-2463280 
 
 any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends. 
 
 Division : in reference to any Person which is an entity, the division of such Person into two (2) or more separate Persons, with the dividing Person either continuing or terminating its existence as part of such division, including as contemplated under Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, or any analogous action taken pursuant to any other applicable Requirements of Law. 
 
 Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States. 
 
 Domestic Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower organized under the laws of the United States, and any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 
 Early Opt-in Election : if the then-current Benchmark is the Eurodollar Rate, the occurrence 
 of: 
 
 (a) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR , Term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 

(b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from the Eurodollar Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 

EEA Financial Institution : (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country : any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Election Period : as defined in Section 2.27(c) . 
 
 Eligible Assignee : any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.6(b)(iii) , (v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.6(b)(iii) ). 
 
 Environmental Laws : any and all foreign, federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees, requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health or the environment, as now or may at any time hereafter 

20 
 NY-2463280 
 
 be in effect. 
 
 Environmental Liability : any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Group Member directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) a violation of an Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Materials of Environmental Concern, (c) exposure to any Materials of Environmental Concern, (d) the release or threatened release of any Materials of Environmental Concern into the environment, or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including (unless the context otherwise requires) any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate : each business or entity which is, or within the last six years was, a member of a controlled group of corporations, under common control or an affiliated service group with any Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (n) of the Code, required to be aggregated with any Loan Party under Section 414(o) of the Code, or is, or within the last six years was, under common control with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA. 
 
 ERISA Event : any of (a) a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC by regulation has waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event; (b) the applicability of the requirements of Section 4043(b) of ERISA with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, to any Pension Plan where an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur with respect to such plan within the following 30 days; (c) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Pension Plan or the termination of any Pension Plan resulting in liability under Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (d) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Section 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefore, or the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA; (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the imposition of liability on any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof pursuant to Sections 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (g) the failure by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof to make any required contribution to a Pension Plan, or the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (h) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered to critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (i) an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (j) the imposition of any liability under Title I or Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof; (k) an application for a funding waiver under Section 303 of ERISA or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan; (l) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Sections 406 or 407 of ERISA for which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof may 

21 
 NY-2463280 
 
 be directly or indirectly liable; (m) a violation of the applicable requirements of Section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under Section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary or disqualified person for which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof may be directly or indirectly liable; (n) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Sections 409, 502(c), (i) or (1) or 4071 of ERISA; (o) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof in connection with any such Plan; (p) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Qualified Plan to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Qualified Plan to fail to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; 
 (q) the imposition of any lien (or the fulfillment of the conditions for the imposition of any lien) on any of the rights, properties or assets of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA, including Section 302(f) or 303(k) of ERISA or to Section 401(a)(29) or 430(k) of the Code; (r) noncompliance with any requirement of Section 409A or 457 of the Code; or 
 (s) the establishment or amendment by an Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof of any welfare plan as such term is defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that provides post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would increase the liability of any Loan Party. 
 
 ERISA Funding Rules : the rules regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans, as set forth in Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, with respect to Plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Protection Act of 2006, and thereafter, as set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 
 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
 
 Erroneous Payment : as defined in Section 9.14(a) . 
 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment : as defined in Section 9.14(d) . Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency : as defined in Section 9.14(d) . Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights : as defined in Section 9.14(d) . 
 Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements : for any day as applied to a Eurodollar Loan, the aggregate (without duplication) of the maximum rates (expressed as a decimal fraction) of reserve requirements in effect on such day (including basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves) under any regulations of the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board) maintained by a member bank of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 Eurodollar Base Rate : with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to (a) a Eurodollar Loan, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by reference to the ICE Benchmark Administration London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (or any successor thereto if the ICE Benchmark Administration is no longer making LIBOR available) for deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period in Dollars, determined as of approximately 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (as set forth by Bloomberg Information Service or any successor thereto or any other commercially available service selected by the Administrative Agent which provides quotations of LIBOR) and (b) an ABR Loan, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be LIBOR (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term of one (1) month in Dollars, determined as of approximately 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the beginning of 

22 
 NY-2463280 
 
 such Interest Period (as set forth by Bloomberg Information Service or any successor thereto or any other commercially available service selected by the Administrative Agent which provides quotations of LIBOR); provided that in either case (a) or (b), the Eurodollar Base Rate shall not be less than 0.00 . Subject to Section 2.17(b), in the event that the Administrative Agent determines that LIBOR is not available, the Eurodollar Base Rate shall be determined by reference to the rate per annum equal to the offered quotation rate to first class banks in the London interbank market by SVB for deposits (for delivery on the first day of the relevant Interest Period) in Dollars of amounts in same day funds comparable to the principal amount of the applicable Loan of the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as a Lender, for which the Eurodollar Base Rate is then being determined with maturities comparable to such period, in the case of a Eurodollar Loan, and of one (1) month, in the case of an ABR Loan, as of approximately 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period; provided that, in all events, such Eurodollar Base Rate shall not be less than 0.00 . 
 
 Eurodollar Loans : Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon clause (a) of the definition of Eurodollar Base Rate. 
 
 Eurodollar Rate :	with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, a rate per annum determined for such day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 1.00 - Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements 
 Eurodollar Base Rate 
 
 The Eurodollar Rate shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements; provided that the Eurodollar Rate shall not be less than 0.00 . 
 
 Eurodollar Tranche : the collective reference to Eurodollar Loans under a particular Facility (other than the L/C Facility), the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Event of Default : any of the events specified in Section 8.1 ; provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
 
 Exchange Act : the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time and any successor statute. 
 
 Excluded Assets : as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
 
 Excluded Buildout CapEx : for any applicable period, 50 of the amount of Buildout Capex during such period; provided that the total amount of such Consolidated Capital Expenditures not deducted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(iv) of the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed the lesser of (a) 55,000,000 and (b) the average amount of Unrestricted Cash of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each day during the 3 month period immediately preceding the Closing Date. 
 
 Excluded Foreign Subsidiary : in respect of any Group Member, any Subsidiary of such Group Member, at any date of determination, (a) that is a controlled foreign corporation as defined in Section 957 of the Code, (b) that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a controlled foreign corporation as 

23 
 NY-2463280 
 
 defined in Section 957 of the Code, or (c) substantially all of the assets of which are equity interests in one or more controlled foreign corporations as defined in Section 957 of the Code. 
 
 Excluded Subsidiary : any Subsidiary that is (a) an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary, (b) an Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) each Subsidiary that is prohibited by any applicable Requirements of Law from guaranteeing the Obligations at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary and for so long as such restriction or any replacement or renewal thereof is in effect or would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to guarantee the Obligations (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received), or (c) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of both the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as agreed in writing, the cost or other consequences of providing a guarantee of the Obligations shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligations : with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee Obligation of such Guarantor with respect to, or the grant by such Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time such Guarantee Obligation of such Guarantor, or the grant by such Guarantor of such Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If such a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee Obligation or Lien is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 
 Excluded Taxes : any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which 
 (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.23 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.20 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.20(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Existing Agent : SVB, in its capacity as Administrative Agent for the Lenders party to the Existing Credit Facility 
 
 Existing Credit Facility : the facility extended to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement dated as of March 14, 2019, as amended, between the Existing Agent and the Borrower. 
 
 Existing Letters of Credit : the letters of credit described on Schedule 1.1B. 
 
 Facility : each of (a) the Term Facility, (b) the L/C Facility (which is a sub-facility of the Revolving Facility), (c) the Swingline Facility (which is a sub-facility of the Revolving Facility) and (d) 

24 
 NY-2463280 
 
 the Revolving Facility. 
 
 FASB ASC : the Accounting Standards certification of the Financial Accounting Standards 
 Board. 
 
 FATCA : Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 
 FDA : the United States Food and Drug Administration and any successor agency or entity thereof or any analogous agency or entity in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 FD C Act : the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321 et seq., including, without limitation, the Electronic Product Radiation Control provisions and Medical Device provisions thereof (or any successor thereto), as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations, guidelines, guidance documents and compliance policy guides issued or promulgated thereunder, or any analogous Requirements of Law in any other jurisdiction, including but not limited to the various states of the United States. 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate : for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for the day of such transactions received by SVB from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 
 Fee Letter : the letter agreement dated July 13, 2021, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Flood Laws : the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and related legislation (including the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). 
 
 Floor : the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Eurodollar Rate. a rate of interest equal to 0.00 per annum. 
 
 Flow of Funds Agreement : the spreadsheet or other similar statement prepared by the Administrative Agent and approved by the Borrower regarding the disbursement of Loan proceeds, the funding and the payment of the fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including their respective counsel), and such other matters as may be agreed to by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 Foreign Lender : a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. Fronting Exposure : at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, as applicable, (a) with respect to 
 the Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender s L/C Percentage of the outstanding L/C Exposure other than L/C Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline 
 
 25 
 NY-2463280 

26 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Percentage of outstanding Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 
 
 Fund : any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 
 Funding Office : the Revolving Loan Funding Office or the Term Loan Funding Office, as the context requires. 
 
 GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, except that for purposes of Section 7.1 , GAAP shall be determined on the basis of such principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the most recent audited financial statements referred to in Section 4.1(b) . In the event that any Accounting Change (as defined below) shall occur and such change results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms in this Agreement, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree to enter into negotiations to amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s financial condition shall be the same after such Accounting Changes as if such Accounting Changes had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed as if such Accounting Changes had not occurred. Accounting Changes refers to changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC. 
 
 Governmental Approval : any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority. 
 
 Governmental Authority : the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank), and any group or body charged with setting accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 
 Group Members : the collective reference to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement : the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement to be executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit A . 
 
 Guarantee Obligation : as to any Person (the guaranteeing person ), any obligation, including a reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, of the guaranteeing person that guarantees or in effect guarantees, or which is given to induce the creation of a separate obligation by another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) that guarantees or in effect guarantees, any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary obligations of any other third Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the 

27 
 NY-2463280 
 
 guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or 
 (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 
 Guarantors : a collective reference to each Subsidiary of the Borrower which has become a Guarantor pursuant to the requirements of Section 6.12 hereof and the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
 
 Healthcare Law : the laws, codes, policies and guidelines of all Governmental Authorities relating to the production, preparation, propagation, compounding, conversion, pricing, marketing, promotion, sale, distribution, coverage, or reimbursement of a drug, device, biological or other medical item, supply or service, including, without limitation, the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938 FD C Act ), 21 U.S.C. Ch. 9, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations, guidelines, guidance documents and compliance policy guides issued or promulgated thereunder, billing and collection practices relating to the payment for healthcare services or supplies, the federal False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), the federal healthcare program anti- kickback statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a- 7b),the Stark laws (42 U.S.C. 1395nn), the Federal Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act (31 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) and the Federal Health Care Fraud Law (18 U.S.C. 1347) the healthcare fraud, false statement and health information privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health (HITECH) Act HIPAA ), the federal healthcare program civil money penalty and exclusion authorities 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h), the statutes, regulations and binding directives of applicable federal healthcare programs of Medicare, Medicaid and other healthcare programs of other Governmental Authorities, including the Veterans Health Administration and United States Department of Defense healthcare and contracting programs, and the analogous Requirements of Law of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 HIPAA : has the meaning set forth in the definition of Healthcare Laws. 
 
 IDE : an application, including an application filed with a Governmental Authority, for authorization to commence human clinical studies, including (a) an Investigational Device Exemption as defined in the FD C Act or any successor application or procedure filed with the FDA, (b) an abbreviated IDE as specified in FDA regulations in 21 C.F.R. 812.2(b), (c) any equivalent of a United States IDE in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions, (d) all amendments, variations, extensions and renewals thereof that may be filed with respect to the foregoing and (e) all related documents and correspondence thereto, including documents and correspondence with institutional review boards or IECs. 

28 
 NY-2463280 
 
 IEC s : independent ethics committees. 
 
 IFRS : international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements delivered under or referred to herein. 
 
 Illegality Notice : as defined in Section 2.19. 
 
 Immaterial Subsidiary : as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower and at any other date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than a Guarantor) designated as such by the Borrower in writing and which as of such date (a) holds assets representing 5.0 or less of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as of such date (determined in accordance with GAAP and excluding investments in Subsidiaries and intercompany receivables that would be eliminated in consolidated financial statements, and goodwill), (b) has generated less than 5.0 of the Borrower s consolidated total revenues (excluding intercompany revenue that would be eliminated in consolidated financial statements) determined in accordance with GAAP for the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarter period ending on the last day of the most recent period for which financial statements have been delivered after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.1(b) ; provided that all Subsidiaries that are individually Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not have aggregate consolidated total assets (excluding investments in subsidiaries and intercompany receivables that would be eliminated in consolidated financial statements, and goodwill) that would represent 15.0 or more of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as of such date or have generated 15.0 or more of the Borrower s consolidated total revenues (excluding any intercompany revenue that would be eliminated in consolidated financial statements) for such four (4) consecutive fiscal quarter period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP, (c) owns no material Intellectual Property, and (d) is not the owner of Capital Stock of any Group Member that would not constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 
 Increase Effective Date : as defined in Section 2.27(d) . 
 Incremental Facility : an Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Commitment. Incremental Joinder : an instrument, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
 Administrative Agent, by which a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.27 . Incremental Term Loan : as defined in Section 2.27(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment : as defined in Section 2.27(b) . Incurred : as defined in the definition of Pro Forma Basis . 
 Indebtedness : of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) current trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business, (ii) any earn-out obligation if such obligation is not required to be reflected on the balance sheet in accordance with GAAP and (iii) accruals for payroll and other liabilities, including deferred compensation arrangements, in each case, accrued in the ordinary course of business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations and all Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or applicant under or in respect of acceptances, letters of 

29 
 NY-2463280 
 
 credit, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of Disqualified Stock, (h) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above, (i) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such property secured or (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Person, and (j) the net obligations of such Person in respect of Swap Agreements. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 
 Indemnified Taxes : (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 
 Indemnitee : as defined in Section 10.5(b) . 
 
 Insolvency Proceeding : (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of any Person s creditors generally or any substantial portion of such Person s creditors, in each case undertaken under 
 U.S. federal, state or foreign law, including any Debtor Relief Law. 
 
 Intellectual Property : the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent licenses, trademarks, trademark licenses, technology, know-how and processes, and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement : an intellectual property security agreement entered into between a Loan Party and the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with each other intellectual property security agreement and supplement thereto delivered pursuant to Section 6.12 , in each case as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Interest Payment Date : (a) as to any ABR Loan (including any Swingline Loan), the first Business Day of each calendar quarter to occur while such Loan is outstanding and the final maturity date of such Loan , (b) as to any Eurodollar SOFR Loan , (i) having an Interest Period of three (3) months or less, the last Business Day of such Interest Period , and c ii as to any Eurodollar Loan having an Interest Period longer than three (3) months, each day Business Day that is three (3) months (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the Business Day next succeeding such date) after the first day of such Interest Period and the last Business Day of such Interest Period , and d c as to any Loan (other than any Revolving Loan that is an ABR , the final maturity date of such Loan and any Swingline Loan), the date of any repayment or prepayment made in respect thereof. 
 
 Interest Period : as to any Eurodollar SOFR Loan, (a) initially, the period commencing on the 

30 
 NY-2463280 
 
 borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurodollar SOFR Loan and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the month that is one (1) , three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation, as the case may be, given with respect thereto; and (b) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar SOFR Loan and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the month that is one (1) , three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower by irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 A.M. on the date that is three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto; provided that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following: 
 
 (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; 

(ii) the Borrower may not select an Interest Period under a particular Facility that would extend beyond the Revolving Termination Date (in the case of Revolving Facility) or beyond the Term Loan Maturity Date (in the case of Term Loans); 

(iii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of a calendar month; and 

(iv) the Borrower shall select Interest Periods so as not to require a payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Loan during an Interest Period for such Loan. no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.17(b) shall be available for specification in any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation. 

Interest Rate Agreement : with respect to any Person, any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement, each of which is (a) for the purpose of hedging the interest rate exposure associated with such Person s operations, and (b) not for speculative purposes. 
 
 Inventory : all inventory, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party, wherever located, and in any event including inventory, merchandise, goods and other personal property that are held by or on behalf of any Group Member for sale or lease or are furnished or are to be furnished under a contract of service, or that constitutes raw materials, work in process, finished goods, returned goods, or materials or supplies of any kind used or consumed or to be used or consumed in such Group Member s business or in the processing, production, packaging, promotion, delivery or shipping of the same, including all supplies and embedded software. 
 
 Investments : as defined in Section 7.8 . 
 
 IRS : the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any successor thereto. 
 
 ISDA Definitions : the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the 

31 
 NY-2463280 
 
 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 
 ISP : with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 
 Issuing Lender : as the context may require, (a) SVB or any Affiliate thereof, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, each Existing Letter of Credit), and (b) any other Lender or Affiliate thereof that may become an Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.11 or 3.12 , with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Lender or its Affiliate. The Issuing Lender may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Lender or other financial institutions, in which case the term Issuing Lender shall include any such Affiliate or other financial institution with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate or other financial institution. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall become an Issuing Lender unless it shall so agree. 
 
 Issuing Lender Fees : as defined in Section 3.3(a) . Judgment Currency : as defined in Section 10.19 . 
 L/C Advance : each L/C Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Disbursement in accordance with its L/C Percentage of the L/C Commitment. 
 
 L/C Commitment : as to any L/C Lender, the obligation of such L/C Lender, if any, to purchase an undivided interest in the Issuing Lenders obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit (including to make payments with respect to draws made under any Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 3.5(b) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading L/C Commitment opposite such L/C Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Assumption, Incremental Joinder or amendment pursuant to which such L/C Lender becomes a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The L/C Commitment is a sublimit of the Revolving Commitment and the aggregate amount of the L/C Commitments shall not exceed the amount of the Total L/C Commitments at any time. 
 
 L/C Disbursements : a payment or disbursement made by the Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 
 L/C Exposure : at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, and (b) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans at such time. The L/C Exposure of any L/C Lender at any time shall equal its L/C Percentage of the aggregate L/C Exposure at such time. 
 
 L/C Facility : the L/C Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder. L/C Fee Payment Date : as defined in Section 3.3(a) . 
 L/C Lender : a Lender with an L/C Commitment. 
 
 L/C Percentage : as to any L/C Lender at any time, the percentage of the Total L/C Commitments represented by such L/C Lender s L/C Commitment, as such percentage may be adjusted as provided in Section 2.24 . 
 
 L/C-Related Documents : collectively, each Letter of Credit (including any Existing Letter of 

32 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Credit), all applications for any Letter of Credit (and applications for the amendment of any Letter of Credit) submitted by the Borrower to the Issuing Lender and any other document, agreement and instrument relating to any Letter of Credit, including any of the Issuing Lender s standard form documents for letter of credit issuances. 
 
 LCA Election : as defined in Section 1.4 . LCA Test Date : as defined in Section 1.4 . 
 Lenders : as defined in the preamble hereto; provided that unless the context otherwise requires, each reference herein to the Lenders shall be deemed to include the L/C Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender. 
 
 Letter of Credit : as defined in Section 3.1(a) ; provided that such term shall include each Existing Letter of Credit. 
 
 Letter of Credit Availability Period : the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the Letter of Credit Maturity Date. 
 
 Letter of Credit Fees : as defined in Section 3.3(a) . 
 
 Letter of Credit Fronting Fees : as defined in Section 3.3(a) . 
 
 Letter of Credit Maturity Date : the date occurring fifteen (15) days prior to the Revolving Termination Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 
 LIBOR : as defined in the definition of Eurodollar Base Rate. 
 
 Lien : any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 
 Limited Condition Acquisition : any Permitted Acquisition or similar permitted Investment, the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing; provided , that, in the event the consummation of any such Permitted Acquisition or similar permitted Investment shall not have occurred on or prior to the date that is 180 days following the signing of the applicable Limited Condition Acquisition Agreement, such Permitted Acquisition shall no longer constitute a Limited Condition Acquisition for any purpose. 
 
 Limited Condition Acquisition Agreement : any agreement providing for a Limited Condition Acquisition. 
 
 Liquidity : at any time, the sum of (a) Qualified Cash plus (b) the Available Revolving Commitment at such time. 
 
 Listed Competitor : any Person that appears on the list of competitors of Borrower as submitted in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date as updated from time to time by written notice delivered by Borrower to the Administrative Agent and provided such updates are reasonably approved in writing in advance by the Administrative Agent; provided that the designation of any Person as a Listed Competitor after the Closing Date shall not become effective until 
 
 33 
 NY-2463280 

34 
 NY-2463280 
 
 three (3) Business Days after approval by the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee that is an Eligible Assignee that becomes a Listed Competitor after the applicable Trade Date, (a) such assignee shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender and (b) such assignment or participation and, in the case of an assignment, the execution by Borrower of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee, will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Listed Competitor. The Administrative Agent (A) shall have the right (but not the obligation), and Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to post the list of Listed Competitors and any updates thereto from time to time on the Platform, and (B) shall provide the list of Listed Competitors and any updates thereto to each Lender requesting the same. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Listed Competitors. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or prospective Lender is a Listed Competitor or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments, or disclosure of confidential information, to, or restrictions on the exercise of rights or remedies of, any Listed Competitors or otherwise have any responsibility or liability for enforcing Borrower s or any Lender s compliance with the terms of any of the provisions set forth herein with respect to Listed Competitors. 
 
 Loan : any loan made or maintained by any Lender pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Loan Documents : this Agreement, each Security Document, each Note, the Fee Letter, each Assignment and Assumption, each Compliance Certificate, each Notice of Borrowing, each Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the Solvency Certificate, each Incremental Joinder, each subordination agreement or intercreditor agreement entered into pursuant to this Agreement, the Collateral Information Certificate, each L/C-Related Document, and any agreement creating or perfecting rights in cash collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.10 , or otherwise, and any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Loan Parties : each Group Member that is a party to a Loan Document, as a Borrower or a Guarantor. 
 
 Mandatory Prepayment Date : as defined in Section 2.12(e) . 
 
 Market Withdrawal : has the same meaning and usage as 21 C.F.R. 806.1(i) stating that a Person s removal from any market or correction of a Product that involves a minor violation that would not be subject to legal action by the FDA or that involves no violation. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect : (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the operations, business, assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Group Members, taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of the Administrative Agent s Lien in any material Collateral or in the value of such Collateral or a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower or any Guarantor of any material Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material impairment of the ability of Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform any of their payment or other material obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 
 Materials of Environmental Concern : any substance, material or waste that is defined, regulated, governed or otherwise characterized under any Environmental Law as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant (or by words of similar meaning and regulatory effect), any petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea-formaldehyde insulation, molds or fungus, 

35 
 NY-2463280 
 
 and radioactivity, radiofrequency radiation at levels known to be hazardous to human health and safety. MFN Protection : as defined in Section 2.27(i) . 
 Minority Lender : as defined in Section 10.1(b) . Moody s : Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgaged Properties : the real properties as to which, pursuant to Section 6.12(b) or otherwise, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be granted a Lien pursuant to the Mortgages. 
 
 Mortgages : each of the mortgages, deeds of trust, deeds to secure debt or such equivalent documents hereafter entered into and executed and delivered by one or more of the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, in each case, as such documents may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan : a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA) to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof makes, is making, or is obligated or has in the preceding six (6) years been obligated to make, contributions. 
 
 Net Cash Proceeds : (a) in connection with any Asset Sale or any Recovery Event, the proceeds thereof in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents), net of attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, amounts required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien expressly permitted hereunder on any asset that is the subject of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event (other than any Lien pursuant to a Security Document) and other customary costs, fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and net of taxes paid and the Borrower s reasonable and good faith estimate of income, franchise, sales, and other applicable taxes required to be paid by any Group Member in connection with such Asset Sale or Recovery Event in the taxable year that such Asset Sale or Recovery Event is consummated, the computation of which shall, in each such case, take into account the reduction in tax liability resulting from any available operating losses and net operating loss carryovers, tax credits, and tax credit carry forwards, and similar tax attributes and (b) in connection with any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or any incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, investment banking fees, accountants fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary costs, fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith. 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender :	any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 
 10.1 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 
 Non-Defaulting Lender : at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Note : a Term Loan Note, a Revolving Loan Note or a Swingline Loan Note. 
 Notice of Borrowing : a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit K . 
 
 Notice of Conversion/Continuation : a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit L . 

36 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Obligations : (a) the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding relating to any Loan Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Loan Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of the Loan Parties (and the other Group Members in the cash of obligations in respect of Cash Management Services) to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, any other Lender, any applicable Cash Management Bank, and any Qualified Counterparty, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Letters of Credit, any Cash Management Agreement, any Specified Swap Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, payment obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, any other Lender, any applicable Cash Management Bank, to the extent that any applicable Cash Management Agreement requires the reimbursement by any applicable Group Member of any such expenses, and any Qualified Counterparty) that are required to be paid by any Group Member pursuant any Loan Document, Cash Management Agreement, Specified Swap Agreement or otherwise, and (b) Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights. For the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations shall not include (a) any obligations arising under any warrants or other equity instruments issued by any Loan Party to any Lender, or (b) solely with respect to any Guarantor that is not a Qualified ECP Guarantor, any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor. 
 
 OFAC : the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury and any successor thereto. 
 
 Operating Documents : for any Person as of any date, such Person s constitutional documents, formation documents and/or certificate of incorporation (or equivalent thereof) and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws or memorandum and articles of association (or equivalent thereof) in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes : with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes : all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.23 ). 
 
 Participant : as defined in Section 10.6(d) . 

37 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Participant Register : as defined in Section 10.6(d) . 
 
 Patriot Act : the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001. 
 
 Payment Recipient : as defined in Section 9.14(a) . 
 
 Payoff Letter : a letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, dated as of a date on or prior to the Closing Date and executed by each of the Existing Agent and the Borrower to the effect that upon receipt by the Existing Agent of the payoff amount (however designated) referenced therein, (a) the obligations of the Group Members under the Existing Credit Facility shall be satisfied in full, (b) the Liens held by the Existing Agent for the benefit of the lenders under the Existing Credit Facility shall terminate without any further action, and (c) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (and their respective counsel and such counsels agents) shall be entitled to file UCC-3 termination statements, USPTO releases, USCRO releases and any other releases reasonably necessary to further evidence the termination of such Liens. 
 
 PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Pension Plan : an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (a) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was obligated to make, contributions, and (b) that is or was subject to Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day : as defined in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 
 Permits : all licenses, certificates, accreditations, product clearances or approvals, provider numbers or provider authorizations, supplier numbers, provider numbers, marketing authorizations, other authorizations, registrations, permits, consents and approvals of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries required under any Requirement of Law applicable to the Group Members business or necessary in the manufacturing, importing, exporting, possession, ownership, warehousing, marketing, promoting, sale, labeling, furnishing, distribution or delivery of goods or services under Requirements of Law applicable to the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Permits includes all governmental authorizations and Product Authorizations of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition : as defined in Section 7.8(k) . 
 
 Person : any natural Person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 Plan : (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan which is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Group Member or to which any Group Member has ever made, or was obligated to make, contributions, (b) a Pension Plan, or 
 (c) a Qualified Plan. 
 
 Plan Asset Regulations : 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 

38 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Platform : any of Debt Domain, DebtX, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 
 Preferred Stock : the preferred Capital Stock of the Borrower. 
 
 Prime Rate : greater of (a) 0.00 and (b) the rate of interest per annum published in the money rates section of the Wall Street Journal or any successor publication thereto as the prime rate then in effect; provided that if such rate of interest, as set forth from time to time in the money rates section of the Wall Street Journal, becomes unavailable for any reason as determined by the Administrative Agent, the Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest per annum announced by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate in effect at its principal office (such announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with extensions of credit to debtors). 
 
 Product : any current or future service or product researched, designed, developed, manufactured, licensed, marketed, sold, performed, distributed or otherwise commercialized by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any such product in development or which may be developed; provided , that for purposes of Article IV, Product shall not include products designed, developed and manufactured by third parties that are not Affiliates of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Product Authorizations : any and all approvals (including pricing and reimbursement approvals), licenses, notifications, registrations or authorizations of any Governmental Authority necessary for the manufacture, development, distribution, use, storage, import, export, transport, promotion, marketing, sale or other commercialization of a Product in any country or jurisdiction, including without limitation registration and listing, IDEs, Device Approval Applications (including any supplements and amendments thereto) or similar applications, post- approval marketing authorizations (including any prerequisite manufacturing approval or authorization related thereto), labeling approvals, and technical, medical, and scientific licenses. 
 
 Pro Forma Basis : with respect to any calculation or determination for any period, in making such calculation or determination on the specified date of determination (the Determination Date ): 
 
 (a) pro forma effect will be given to any Indebtedness incurred by the Group Members (including by assumption of then outstanding Indebtedness or by a Person becoming a Subsidiary) Incurred after the beginning of the applicable period and on or before the Determination Date to the extent the Indebtedness is outstanding or is to be Incurred on the Determination Date, as if such Indebtedness had been Incurred on the first day of such period; 

(b) pro forma calculations of interest on Indebtedness bearing a floating interest rate will be made as if the rate in effect on the Determination Date (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to the Indebtedness) had been the applicable rate for the entire reference period; 

(c) Consolidated Fixed Charges related to any Indebtedness no longer outstanding or to be repaid or redeemed on the Determination Date, except for Consolidated Interest Expense accrued during the reference period under a revolving credit to the extent of the commitment thereunder (or under any successor revolving credit) in effect on the Determination Date, will be excluded as if such Indebtedness was no longer outstanding or was repaid or redeemed on the first day of such period; 

(d) pro forma effect will be given to: (A) the acquisition or disposition of companies, divisions or lines of businesses by the Group Members, including any acquisition or disposition of a company, division or line of business since the beginning of the reference period by a 

39 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Person that became a Subsidiary after the beginning of the applicable period; and (B) the discontinuation of any discontinued operations but, in the case of Consolidated Fixed Charges, only to the extent that the obligations giving rise to Consolidated Fixed Charges will not be obligations of the Group Members following the Determination Date; in each case of clauses (A) and (B), that have occurred since the beginning of the applicable period and before the Determination Date as if such events had occurred, and, in the case of any disposition, the proceeds thereof applied, on the first day of such period. To the extent that pro forma effect is to be given to an acquisition or disposition of a company, division or line of business, the pro forma calculation will be calculated in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower in accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act based upon the most recent four full fiscal quarters for which the relevant financial information is available; it being agreed that such calculation will not be duplicative of any adjustments set forth the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 
 Projected Pro Forma Financial Statements : pro forma and projected balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements and projections prepared by the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries that give effect (as if such events had occurred on such date) to (a) the Loans to be made on the Closing Date and the use of proceeds thereof, and (b) the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing, in each case prepared for (i) the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2021, as if such transactions had occurred on the first date of such quarter, (ii) on a quarterly basis through December 31, 2021, and (iii) on an annual basis through the Revolving Termination Date, in each case, demonstrating pro forma compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7.1 . 
 
 Projections : as defined in Section 6.2(c) . Properties : as defined in Section 4.17(a) . 
 PTE : a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Public Company Costs : as to any Person, costs associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and costs relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended) or any other comparable body of laws, rules or regulations, as companies with listed equity, directors compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, costs relating to enhanced accounting functions and investor relations, stockholder meetings and reports to stockholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees, listing fees and other transaction costs, in each case to the extent arising solely by virtue of the listing of such Person s equity securities on a national securities exchange or issuance of public debt securities. 
 
 Qualified Cash : Unrestricted Cash held at such time by the Loan Parties in Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Qualified Counterparty : with respect to any Specified Swap Agreement, any counterparty thereto that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or, at the time such Specified Swap Agreement was entered into or as of the Closing Date, was the Administrative Agent or a Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or a Lender. 

40 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor : in respect of any Swap Obligation, (a) each Guarantor that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee Obligation of such Guarantor provided in respect of, or the Lien granted by such Guarantor to secure, such Swap Obligation (or guaranty thereof) becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation, and (b) any other Guarantor that (i) constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder, or (ii) can cause another Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Guarantor not then constituting a Qualified ECP Guarantor to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell, support, or other agreement as contemplated by Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Qualified Plan : an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (a) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was ever obligated to make, contributions, and (b) that is intended to be tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. 
 
 Recipient : the (a) Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender or (c) the Issuing Lender, as applicable. 
 
 Recovery Event : any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of any Group Member in excess of 
 5,000,000. 
 
 Reference Time : with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the Eurodollar Rate, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (ii) if such Benchmark is not the Eurodollar Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Refunded Swingline Loans : as defined in Section 2.7(b) . Register : as defined in Section 10.6(c) . 
 Regulation D : Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation T : Regulation T of the Board as in effect from time to time. Regulation U : Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. Regulation X : Regulation X of the Board as in effect from time to time. 
 Reinvestment Deferred Amount : with respect to any Reinvestment Event, the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party in connection therewith that are not applied to prepay the Loans or other amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(e) as a result of the delivery of a Reinvestment Notice. 
 
 Reinvestment Event : any Asset Sale or Recovery Event in respect of which the Borrower has delivered a Reinvestment Notice. 
 
 Reinvestment Notice : a written notice executed by a Responsible Officer stating that no Event of Default has occurred and that the Borrower (directly or indirectly through a Guarantor) intends and expects to use all or a specified portion of the Net Cash Proceeds of an Asset Sale or Recovery Event to 

41 
 NY-2463280 
 
 acquire new or replacement assets or to repair assets useful in its business. 
 
 Reinvestment Prepayment Amount : with respect to any Reinvestment Event, the Reinvestment Deferred Amount relating thereto less any amount expended prior to the relevant Reinvestment Prepayment Date to acquire new or replacement assets or to repair assets useful in the Borrower s business. 
 
 Reinvestment Prepayment Date : with respect to any Reinvestment Event, the earlier of (a) the date occurring three hundred sixty-five (365) days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) after such Reinvestment Event, and (b) the date on which the Borrower (or its Subsidiaries) shall have determined not to, or shall have otherwise ceased to, acquire new or replacement assets or not to repair assets useful in the Borrower s business with all or any portion of the relevant Reinvestment Deferred Amount. 
 
 Related Parties : with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Replacement Lender : as defined in Section 2.23 . 
 
 Required Lenders : at any time, (a) if only one Lender holds the outstanding Term Loans and the Revolving Commitments, such Lender; and (b) if more than one unaffiliated Lender holds the outstanding Term Loans and Revolving Commitments, then at least two unaffiliated Lenders who hold more than 50 of the sum of (i) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding, and (ii) the Total Revolving Commitments (including, without duplication, the L/C Commitments) then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding; provided that for the purposes of this clause (b), the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by any Defaulting Lender and the Revolving Commitments of, and the portion of the Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Exposure and Swingline Loans held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders; provided further that a Lender and its Affiliates shall be deemed one Lender. 
 
 Requirement of Law : as to any Person, any law (including Healthcare Laws), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and any successor thereto or similar authority or successor thereto), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 
 Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer : with respect to any Loan Party, the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, controller or comptroller of such Loan Party, but in any 

42 
 NY-2463280 
 
 event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, treasurer, controller or comptroller of such Loan Party. 
 
 Restricted Payments : as defined in Section 7.6 . 
 
 Revolving Commitment : as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Revolving Loans and participate in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Revolving Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A , as such Schedule 1.1A may be amended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.27 , if Incremental Revolving Commitments are advanced thereunder, or in the Assignment and Assumption, an Incremental Joinder or other amendment pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof (including in connection with assignments and Incremental Facilities permitted hereunder). The original amount of the Total Revolving Commitments is 125,000,000. The L/C Commitment and the Swingline Commitment are each sublimits of the Total Revolving Commitments. 
 
 Revolving Commitment Period : the period from and including the Closing Date to the Revolving Termination Date. 
 
 Revolving Extensions of Credit : as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding, plus (b) such Lender s L/C Percentage of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including any Existing Letters of Credit) at such time, plus (c) such Lender s L/C Percentage of the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans at such time, plus (d) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. 
 
 Revolving Facility : the Revolving Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder. 
 
 Revolving Lender : each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or that holds Revolving 
 Loans. 
 
 Revolving Loan Conversion : as defined in Section 3.5(b) . 
 
 Revolving Loan Funding Office : the office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 Revolving Loan Note : a promissory note in the form of Exhibit H-1 , as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Revolving Loans : as defined in Section 2.4(a) . 
 
 Revolving Percentage : as to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Revolving Commitment then constitutes of the Total Revolving Commitments or, at any time after the Revolving Commitments of all Lenders shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding; provided that in the event that the Revolving Loans are paid in full prior to the reduction to zero of the Total Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Percentages shall be determined in a manner designed to ensure that the other outstanding 

43 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Revolving Extensions of Credit shall be held by the Revolving Lenders on a comparable basis. Revolving Termination Date : August 6, 2026. 
 S P : Standard Poor s Ratings Services. 
 
 Sale Leaseback Transaction : any arrangement with any Person or Persons, whereby in contemporaneous or substantially contemporaneous transactions a Loan Party sells substantially all of its right, title and interest in any property and, in connection therewith, acquires, leases or licenses back the right to use all or a material portion of such property. 
 
 Sanction(s) : any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 SEC : the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
 
 Secured Parties : the collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders (including any Issuing Lender in its capacity as Issuing Lender and any Swingline Lender in its capacity as Swingline Lender), any Cash Management Bank (in its or their respective capacities as providers of Cash Management Services), and any Qualified Counterparties. 
 
 Securities Account : any securities account as defined in the UCC with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
 
 Securities Account Control Agreement : any Control Agreement entered into by the Administrative Agent, a Loan Party and a securities intermediary holding a Securities Account of such Loan Party pursuant to which the Administrative Agent is granted control (for purposes of the UCC) over such Securities Account. 
 
 Securities Act : the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time and any successor 
 statute. 
 
 Security Documents : the collective reference to (a) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, 
 (b) the Mortgages, (c) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (d) each Deposit Account Control Agreement, (e) each Securities Account Control Agreement, (f) all other security documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the Obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document, (g) each Pledge Supplement, (h) each Assumption Agreement, (i) all other security documents hereafter delivered to any applicable Cash Management Bank granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the Obligations of any Group Member arising under any Cash Management Agreement, and (j) all financing statements, fixture filings, patent, trademark and copyright filings, assignments, acknowledgments and other filings, documents and agreements made or delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing. 
 
 SOFR : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published as administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 
 
 SOFR Administrator : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

44 
 NY-2463280 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website : the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SOFR Borrowing : as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 
 SOFR Determination Day : as defined in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 SOFR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than, pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR . 
 
 SOFR Rate Day : as defined in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 SOFR Tranche : the collective reference to SOFR Loans under a particular Facility (other than the L/C Facility), the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 
 Solvency Certificate : the Solvency Certificate, dated the Closing Date, delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 , which Solvency Certificate shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit D . 
 
 Solvent : when used with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the fair value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as of such date, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, 
 (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (c) such Person will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business, and (d) such Person will be able to pay its debts generally as they mature. For purposes of this definition, (i) debt means liability on a claim, and (ii) claim means any (x) right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured or (y) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured or unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. 
 
 Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations : such of the representations and warranties made by the sellers and their Affiliates in the Limited Condition Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that the Borrower (or its applicable Affiliates) has the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate its (or such Affiliates obligations under the Limited Condition Acquisition Agreement, or decline to consummate the acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof), as a result of a breach of such representations and warranties. 
 Specified Event of Default : any Event of Default under Section 8.1(a) , or Section 8.1(f) . Specified Representations : those representations and warranties made in Sections 4.3(a) (with 
 respect to the organizational existence of the Loan Parties only after giving effect to the Limited 

45 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Condition Acquisition), 4.4 (excluding the third sentence thereof), 4.5 (solely with respect to the first sentence and, within that sentence, solely with respect to Operating Documents), 4.11 , 4.14 , 4.19 , 4.20 (giving effect to the Limited Condition Acquisition and the incurrence of the Increase loans in connection therewith), 4.28 and 4.29 (solely to the effect that the use of proceeds of any Increase loans in connection with the Limited Condition Acquisition on the date of the acquisition will not violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the Patriot Act or sanctions administered by OFAC). 
 
 Specified Swap Agreement : any Swap Agreement entered into by a Loan Party and any Qualified Counterparty (or any Person who was a Qualified Counterparty as of the Closing Date or as of the date such Swap Agreement was entered into) to the extent permitted under Section 7.13 . 
 
 Subordinated Debt Document : any agreement, certificate, document or instrument executed or delivered by any Group Member and evidencing Indebtedness of any Group Member which is subordinated to the Obligations (including payment, lien and remedies subordination terms, as applicable) in a manner approved in writing by the Administrative Agent, and any renewals, modifications, or amendments thereof which are approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Subordinated Indebtedness : Indebtedness of a Loan Party subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to subordination terms (including payment, lien and remedies subordination terms, as applicable) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Subsidiary : as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 
 Surety Indebtedness : as of any date of determination, indebtedness (contingent or otherwise) owing to sureties arising from surety bonds issued on behalf of any Group Member as support for, among other things, their contracts with customers, whether such indebtedness is owing directly or indirectly by such Loan Party or any such Subsidiary. 
 
 SVB : as defined in the preamble hereto. 
 
 Swap Agreement : any agreement with respect to any swap, hedge, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement (including without limitation, any Interest Rate Agreement) involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a Swap Agreement. 
 
 Swap Obligation : with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation of such Guarantor to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

46 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Swap Termination Value : in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date any such Swap Agreement has been closed out and termination value determined in accordance therewith, such termination value, and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount determined as the mark-to-market value for such Swap Agreement, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Qualified Counterparty). 
 
 Swingline Commitment : the obligation of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.6 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed 
 6,500,000. 
 Swingline Facility : the Swingline Commitment and the extensions of credit made thereunder. Swingline Lender : SVB, in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans or such other Lender 
 as the Borrower may from time to time select as the Swingline Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.7(f) ; provided that such Lender has agreed to be a Swingline Lender. 
 
 Swingline Loan Note : a promissory note in the form of Exhibit H-2 , as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Swingline Loans : as defined in Section 2.6 . 
 
 Swingline Participation Amount : as defined in Section 2.7(c) . 
 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation : the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease or (b) an agreement for the use of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 
 Taxes : all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Commitment : as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make a Term Loan to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Term Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A . The original aggregate principal amount of the Term Commitments is 75,000,000. 
 
 Term Facility : the Term Commitments and the Term Loans made thereunder. Term Lender : each Lender that has a Term Commitment or that holds a Term Loan. 
 Term Loan : the term loans made by the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.1 and any Incremental Term Loans. 
 
 Term Loan Funding Office : the office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

47 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Term Loan Maturity Date : August 6, 2026. 
 
 Term Loan Note : a promissory note in the form of Exhibit H-3 , as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Term Percentage : as to any Term Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Term Commitments and funded Term Loans then constitutes of the aggregate Term Commitments and funded Term Loans of all Lenders. 
 
 Term SOFR : for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 
 Term SOFR Notice : a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and 
 
 Term SOFR Transition Event : the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, and is determinable for each Available Tenor, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement that is not Term SOFR. (b) 	 for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day. 
 
 Term SOFR Adjustment : for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Type of such Loan and (if applicable) Interest Period therefor: 

48 
 NY-2463280 
 
 ABR Loans: 
 
 0.10 
 
 SOFR Loans: 

Interest Period 
 Percentage 

One month 
 0.10 

Three months 
 0.10 

Six months 
 0.10 

Term SOFR Administrator : the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion ). 
 
 Term SOFR Borrowing : as to any Borrowing, the Loans bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR comprising such Borrowing other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR . 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate : the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR . 
 
 Total Credit Exposure : is, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments, Revolving Extensions of Credit and outstanding Term Loans of such Lender at such time. 
 
 Total L/C Commitments : at any time, the sum of all L/C Commitments at such time, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.10 or 3.5(b) . The initial amount of the Total L/C Commitments on the Closing Date is 6,500,000. 
 
 Total Revolving Commitments : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments then in effect. 
 
 Total Revolving Extensions of Credit : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit outstanding at such time. 
 
 Trade Date : as defined in Section 10.6(b)(i)(B) . 
 
 Type : as to any Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan or a Eurodollar SOFR Loan. 
 
 UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Unfriendly Acquisition : any acquisition that has not, at the time of the first public announcement of an offer relating thereto, been approved by the board of directors (or other legally recognized governing body) of the Person to be acquired; except that with respect to any acquisition of a 
 
 49 
 NY-2463280 
 
 non-U.S. Person, an otherwise friendly acquisition shall not be deemed to be unfriendly if it is not customary in such jurisdiction to obtain such approval prior to the first public announcement of an offer relating to a friendly acquisition. 
 
 Uniform Commercial Code or UCC : the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent legislation) as in effect from time to time in the State of New York, or as the context may require, any other applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 United States and U.S. : the United States of America. 
 
 Unrestricted Cash : cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties that would not appear as restricted on a consolidated balance sheet of the Group Members (other than as are restricted in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the Obligations). 
 
 USCRO : the U.S. Copyright Office. 
 
 USPTO : the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day : any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or 
 (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 U.S. Person : any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate : as defined in Section 2.20(f) . 
 
 Withholding Agent : as applicable, any of any applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, as the context may require. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions. 

(a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 

(b) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (i) accounting terms relating to any Group Member not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1 , to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP, (ii) the words include, 

50 
 NY-2463280 
 
 includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation, (iii) the word incur shall be construed to mean incur, create, issue, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist (and the words incurred and incurrence shall have correlative meanings), (iv) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights, (v) references to a given time of day shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to Pacific time, and (vi) references to agreements (including this Agreement) or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, supplemented, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (i), for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of any Group Member shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded 
 
 (c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (ii) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, and (iii) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 

(d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 

(e) Any reference in any Loan Document to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a Division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a Division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any Division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person under the Loan Documents (and each Division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person) on the first date of its existence. In connection with any Division, if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then such asset shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person. 

1.3 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 

1.4 Limited Condition Acquisitions . In connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio or metric, at 

51 
 NY-2463280 
 
 the option of the Borrower (and, if the Borrower elects to exercise such option, such option shall be exercised on or prior to the date on which the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is executed) (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Acquisition, an LCA Election ), then notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder, shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into (the LCA Test Date ), and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Acquisition and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any Incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent period of four fiscal quarters then ended prior to the LCA Test Date for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower are available, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with such ratio or basket, such ratio or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with. If the Borrower has made an LCA Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any basket availability with respect to the incurrence of Indebtedness, the grant of Liens, or the making of Investments, Restricted Payments, Dispositions, mergers and consolidations or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary on or following the relevant LCA Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming both that such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and have not been consummated. 
 
 1.5 Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, ABR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR , Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of ABR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR , any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 2 
 AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 
 
 2.1 Term Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Term Lender severally agrees to make a Term Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date in an amount equal to the 

52 
 NY-2463280 
 
 amount of the Term Commitment of such Lender. The Term Loans may from time to time be Eurodollar SOFR Loans or ABR Loans, as determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.13 . 
 
 2.2 Procedure for Term Loan Borrowing . The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent an irrevocable Notice of Borrowing (which must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 10:00 A.M. one (1) Business Day prior to the anticipated Closing Date or such later time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) requesting that the Term Lenders make the Term Loans on the Closing Date and specifying the amount to be borrowed. Upon receipt of such Notice of Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Term Lender thereof. Not later than 12:00 P.M. on the Closing Date each Term Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent at the Term Loan Funding Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to the Term Loan to be made by such Lender. The Administrative Agent shall credit the account of the Borrower on the books of such office of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Term Lenders in immediately available funds or, if so specified in the Flow of Funds Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall wire transfer or otherwise credit all or a portion of such aggregate amounts to the Existing Agent (for application against amounts in accordance with the wire instructions specified in the Flow of Funds Agreement). 

2.3 Repayment of Term Loans . Beginning on September 30, 2021, the Term Loan shall be repaid in consecutive quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter, each of which installments shall be in an amount equal to (a) from September 30, 2021 through and including June 30, 2022, 0.625 of the original principal amount of the Term Loans, (b) from September 30, 2022 through and including June 30, 2023, 1.250 of the original principal amount of the Term Loans, (c) from September 30, 2023 through and including June 30, 2025, 1.875 of the original principal amount of the Term Loans and (d) from September 30, 2025 and the last day of each quarter thereafter until the Term Loan Maturity Date, 2.50 of the original principal amount of the Term Loans. 

To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of payment. 
 
 2.4 Revolving Commitments. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make revolving credit loans (each, a Revolving Loan and, collectively, the Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding which, when added to the aggregate outstanding amount of the Swingline Loans, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, and the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, incurred on behalf of the Borrower and owing to such Lender, does not exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment. In addition, such aggregate obligations shall not at any time exceed the Total Revolving Commitments in effect at such time. During the Revolving Commitment Period the Borrower may use the Revolving Commitments by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. The Revolving Loans may from time to time be Eurodollar SOFR Loans or ABR Loans, as determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.5 and 2.13 . Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that, there shall not be more than a total of seven (7) SOFR Borrowings outstanding at any time. 

53 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall repay all outstanding Revolving Loans on the Revolving Termination Date. 

2.5 Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing . The Borrower may borrow under the Revolving Commitments during the Revolving Commitment Period on any Business Day; provided that the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent an irrevocable Notice of Borrowing (which must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 10:00 A.M. (a) three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Eurodollar SOFR Loans, or (b) one 

(1) Business Day prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans) provided that any such Notice of Borrowing of ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility to finance payments under Section 3.5(a) may be given not later than 10:00 A.M. on the date of the proposed borrowing), in each such case specifying (i) the amount and Type of Revolving Loans to be borrowed, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date, (iii) in the case of Eurodollar Loans, the respective amounts of each such Type of Loan and the (iv) in the case of SOFR Loans, the respective lengths of the initial Interest Period therefor, and iv v instructions for remittance of the proceeds of the applicable Loans to be borrowed . If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration . Each borrowing under the Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount equal to 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if the then Available Revolving Commitments are less than 1,000,000, such lesser amount); provided that the Swingline Lender may request, on behalf of the Borrower, borrowings under the Revolving Commitments that are ABR Loans in other amounts pursuant to Section 2.7 ). Upon receipt of any such Notice of Borrowing from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof. Each Revolving Lender will make the amount of its pro rata share of each such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Borrower at the Revolving Loan Funding Office prior to 12:00 P.M. on the Borrowing Date requested by the Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent. Such borrowing will then be made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent crediting such account as is designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 
 2.6 Swingline Commitment . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender agrees to make available a portion of the credit accommodations otherwise available to the Borrower under the Revolving Commitments from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period by making swing line loans (each a Swingline Loan and, collectively, the Swingline Loans to the Borrower; provided that (a) the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Swingline Commitment then in effect, (b) the Borrower shall not request, and the Swingline Lender shall not make, any Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to the making of such Swingline Loan, the Available Revolving Commitments would be less than zero, and (c) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any then outstanding Swingline Loan. During the Revolving Commitment Period, the Borrower may use the Swingline Commitment by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. Swingline Loans shall be ABR Loans only. The Borrower shall repay to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the Revolving Termination Date. The Swingline Lender shall not make a Swingline Loan during the period commencing at the time it has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent at the request of any Lender, acting in good faith, that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 5.2 (other than Section 5.2(d) is not then satisfied and has had a reasonable opportunity to react to such notice and ending when such conditions are satisfied or duly waived. 

54 
 NY-2463280 
 
 2.7 Procedure for Swingline Borrowing; Refunding of Swingline Loans. 

(a) Whenever the Borrower desires that the Swingline Lender make Swingline Loans the Borrower shall give the Swingline Lender irrevocable telephonic notice (which telephonic notice must be received by the Swingline Lender not later than 12:00 P.M. on the proposed Borrowing Date) confirmed promptly in writing by a Notice of Borrowing, specifying (i) the amount to be borrowed, 

(ii) the requested Borrowing Date (which shall be a Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period), and (iii) instructions for the remittance of the proceeds of such Loan. Each borrowing under the Swingline Commitment shall be in an amount equal to 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Promptly thereafter, on the Borrowing Date specified in a notice in respect of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender shall make available to the Borrower an amount in immediately available funds equal to the amount of the Swingline Loan to be made by depositing such amount in the account designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. Unless a Swingline Loan is sooner refinanced by the advance of a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.7(b) , such Swingline Loan shall be repaid by the Borrower no later than five (5) Business Days after the advance of such Swingline Loan. 
 
 (b) The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion may, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably directs the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), on one Business Day s telephonic notice given by the Swingline Lender no later than 12:00 P.M. and promptly confirmed in writing, request each Revolving Lender to make, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to make, a Revolving Loan, in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage of the aggregate amount of such Swingline Loan (each a Refunded Swingline Loan outstanding on the date of such notice, to repay the Swingline Lender. Each Revolving Lender shall make the amount of such Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent at the Revolving Loan Funding Office in immediately available funds, not later than 10:00 A.M. one Business Day after the date of such notice. The proceeds of such Revolving Loan shall immediately be made available by the Administrative Agent to the Swingline Lender for application by the Swingline Lender to the repayment of the Refunded Swingline Loan. The Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to charge the Borrower s accounts with the Administrative Agent (up to the amount available in each such account) immediately to pay the amount of any Refunded Swingline Loan to the extent amounts received from the Revolving Lenders are not sufficient to repay in full such Refunded Swingline Loan. 

(c) If prior to the time that the Borrower has repaid the Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.7(a) or a Revolving Loan has been made pursuant to Section 2.7(b) , one of the events described in Section 8.1(f) shall have occurred or if for any other reason, as determined by the Swingline Lender in its sole discretion, Revolving Loans may not be made as contemplated by Section 2.7(b) , each Revolving Lender shall, on the date such Revolving Loan was to have been made pursuant to the notice referred to in Section 2.7(b) or on the date requested by the Swingline Lender (with at least one (1) Business Days notice to the Revolving Lenders), purchase for cash an undivided participating interest in the then outstanding Swingline Loans by paying to the Swingline Lender an amount (the Swingline Participation Amount equal to (i) such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage times (ii) the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Swingline Loans that were to have been repaid with such Revolving Loans. 

(d) Whenever, at any time after the Swingline Lender has received from any Revolving Lender such Lender s Swingline Participation Amount, the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of the Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Swingline Participation Amount (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s participating interest was outstanding and funded and, in the case of principal and interest payments, to reflect such Lender s pro rata portion of such payment if such 

55 
 NY-2463280 
 
 payment is not sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on all Swingline Loans then due); provided that in the event that such payment received by the Swingline Lender is required to be returned, such Revolving Lender will return to the Swingline Lender any portion thereof previously distributed to it by the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (e) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make the Loans referred to in Section 2.7(b) and to purchase participating interests pursuant to Section 2.7(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Revolving Lender or the Borrower may have against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5 , 

(iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Revolving Lender, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 
 (f) The Swingline Lender may resign at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. Following such notice of resignation from the Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders and the successor Swingline Lender. After the resignation or replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the retiring Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required or permitted to make any additional Swingline Loans. 

2.8 [Reserved]. 

2.9 Fees. 

(a) Fee Letter . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the fees specified in the Fee Letter. 

(b) Commitment Fee . As additional compensation for the Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, in arrears, on the first day of each quarter prior to the Revolving Termination Date and on the Revolving Termination Date, a fee for the Borrower s non-use of available funds in an amount equal to the Commitment Fee Rate per annum multiplied by the difference between (x) the Total Revolving Commitments (as they may be reduced from time to time) and (y) the sum of (A) the average for the period of the daily closing balance of the Revolving Loans, excluding the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans which shall be deemed to be zero for purposes hereof, (B) the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (C) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans at such time. 

(c) Fees Nonrefundable . All fees payable under this Section 2.9 shall be fully earned on the date paid and nonrefundable. 

(d) Increase in Fees . At any time that an Event of Default exists, upon the request of the Required Lenders, the amount of any of the foregoing fees under subsection (b) which are overdue shall be increased by adding 2.0 per annum thereto. 

56 
 NY-2463280 
 
 2.10 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments. 

(a) The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Revolving Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Revolving Commitments; provided that no such termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit would exceed the Available Revolving Commitments then in effect; provided that if such notice indicates that such termination or reduction is conditioned on the occurrence of a transaction it may be revoked if such transaction is not consummated. Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to 5,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof (or, if the then Total Revolving Commitments are less than 5,000,000, such lesser amount), and shall reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments then in effect; provided further , if in connection with any such reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments a Eurodollar SOFR Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.21 . The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the L/C Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the L/C Commitments; provided that no such termination or reduction of L/C Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto, the Total L/C Commitments shall be reduced to an amount that would result in the aggregate L/C Exposure exceeding the Total L/C Commitments (as so reduced). Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to 1,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof (or, if the then Total Revolving Commitments are less than 1,000,000, such lesser amount), and shall reduce permanently the L/C Commitments then in effect. 

(b) The Revolving Commitments may not be reduced or terminated pursuant to Section 2.10(a) unless the Borrower pays to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders), contemporaneously with the reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, a fee equal to, with respect to any such reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments made prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, 1.00 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments so reduced or terminated. Any such fee described in this Section 2.10(b) shall be fully earned on the date paid and shall not be refundable for any reason 

2.11 Optional Loan Prepayments. 

(a) The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Loans, in whole or in part upon irrevocable notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 10:00 A.M. three 

(3) Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Eurodollar SOFR Loans, and no later than 10:00 A.M. one 
 (1) Business Day prior thereto, in the case of ABR Loans, which notice shall specify the date and amount of the proposed prepayment; provided that if a Eurodollar SOFR Loan is prepaid , in whole or in part, on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.21 ; provided further that if such notice of prepayment indicates that such prepayment is conditioned on the occurrence of a transaction, such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such transaction is not consummated. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans and Swingline Loans) accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid. Partial prepayments of Term Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 
 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof. Partial prepayments of Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple thereof. Amounts to be 

57 
 NY-2463280 
 
 applied in connection with prepayments made pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be applied to Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.18(b) . 
 
 (b) No amount of outstanding Term Loans shall be prepaid by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11(a) prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date unless the Borrower pays to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Term Lenders), contemporaneously with the prepayment of such Loans, a prepayment fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate amount of the Term Loans so prepaid. Any such Term Loan prepayment fee shall be fully earned on the date paid and shall not be refundable for any reason. 

2.12 Mandatory Prepayments. 

(a) [reserved]. 

(b) If any Indebtedness shall be incurred by any Group Member (excluding any Indebtedness incurred in accordance with Section 7.2 ), an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied on the date of such incurrence toward the prepayment of the Term Loans and other amounts as set forth in Section 2.12(e) . Contemporaneously with the prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.12(b) prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lenders), a prepayment fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate amount of the Term Loans so prepaid. Any such Term Loan prepayment fee shall be fully earned on the date paid and shall not be refundable for any reason. 

(c) If on any date any Group Member shall receive Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event then, unless a Reinvestment Notice shall be delivered in respect thereof, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied within one (1) Business Day toward the prepayment of the Loans and other amounts as set forth in Section 2.12(e) ; provided that on each Reinvestment Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Reinvestment Prepayment Amount with respect to the relevant Reinvestment Event shall be applied toward the prepayment of the Loans and other amounts as set forth in Section 2.12(e) . 

(d) [reserved]. 

(e) Amounts to be applied in connection with prepayments made pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be applied first to the prepayment of installments due in respect of the Term Loans on a pro rata basis and in accordance with Sections 2.3 and 2.18(b) and second to repay outstanding Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans in accordance with Section 2.18(c) (with no corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Commitments) provided that any Term Lender may decline any such prepayment (the aggregate amount of all such prepayments declined in connection with any particular prepayment, collectively, the Declined Amount )), in which case the Declined Amount shall be distributed first , to the prepayment, on a pro rata basis, of the Term Loans held by Term Lenders that have elected to accept such Declined Amounts; and second , to the extent of any residual, if no Term Loans remain outstanding, to the prepayment of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans in accordance with Section 2.18(c) (with no corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Commitments). Each prepayment of the Loans under this Section 2.12 (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans and Swingline Loans, in the event all Revolving Commitments have not been terminated) shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the amount prepaid. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Term Lender notice of each prepayment of Term Loans in whole or in part pursuant to this Section 2.12 not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date such prepayment shall be made (each, a Mandatory Prepayment Date ). Such notice shall set forth (i) the Mandatory Prepayment Date, (ii) the aggregate amount of such prepayment and (iii) the 

58 
 NY-2463280 
 
 options of each Term Lender to (x) decline or accept its share of such prepayment and (y) to accept Declined Amounts. Any Term Lender that wishes to exercise its option to decline such prepayment or to accept Declined Amounts shall notify the Administrative Agent by facsimile not later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date. 
 
 (f) The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, at the time of each prepayment required under this Section 2.12 , (i) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount of such prepayment and (ii) to the extent practicable, at least ten (10) days prior written notice of such prepayment (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly provide the same to each Lender). Each notice of prepayment shall specify the prepayment and the principal amount of each Loan (or portion thereof) to be prepaid. 

(g) No prepayment fee shall be payable in respect of any mandatory prepayments made pursuant to this Section 2.12 , other than pursuant to Section 2.12(b) . 

2.13 Conversion and Continuation Options. 

(a) The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Eurodollar SOFR Loans to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation of such election no later than 10:00 A.M. at least three Business Days preceding prior to the proposed conversion date; provided that any such conversion of Eurodollar SOFR Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar SOFR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation of such election no later than 10:00 A.M. on the third three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding Days prior to the proposed conversion date (which notice shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor); provided that no ABR Loan may be converted into a Eurodollar SOFR Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.	Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any SOFR Loan in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent , the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 

(b) Any Eurodollar Loan may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the Borrower giving irrevocable The Borrower may elect from time to time to continue any SOFR Loan by giving the Administrative Agent prio r notice of such election in a Notice of Conversion/Continuatio to the Administrative Agent n, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Section 1.1 , of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans SOFR Loa n; provided that no Eurodollar SOF R Loan may be continued as such when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; provided further that (x) if the Borrower shall fail to give any required notice as described above in this paragrap h , upon the expiration of the then current Interest Perio d, such SOFR Loans shall be automatically continued as SOFR Loans bearing interest at a rate based upon Adjusted Term SOFR and with an Interest Period of the same length as then expiring Interest Period or (y) if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso, such SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 

(c) After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) the Borrower may not elect to have a Loan be made or continued as, or converted to, a SOFR Loan after the expiration of any Interest Period then in effect for such Loan and (ii) any Notice of Conversion/Continuation given by the Borrower with respect to a requested conversion/continuation that 

59 
 NY-2463280 
 
 has not yet occurred shall, at the Administrative Agent s option, be deemed to be rescinded by the Borrower and be deemed a request to convert or continue Loans referred to therein as ABR Loans. 
 
 2.14 Limitations on Eurodollar SOFR Tranches . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Eurodollar SOFR Loans and all selections of Interest Periods shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Eurodollar SOFR Loans comprising each Eurodollar SOFR Tranche shall be equal to 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or such lesser amount as shall represent all of the SOFR Loans then outstanding) , and (b) no more than seven (7) Eurodollar SOFR Tranches shall be outstanding at any one time. 

2.15 Interest Rates and Payment Dates. 

(a) Each Eurodollar SOFR Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to (i) the Eurodollar Rate determined for such day Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period therefor plus (ii) the Applicable Margin. 

(b) Each ABR Loan (including any Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (i) the ABR plus (ii) the Applicable Margin. 

(c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of the Required Lenders, all outstanding Loans, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section plus 2.00 (the Default Rate ); provided that the Default Rate shall apply to all outstanding Loans automatically and without any Required Lender consent therefor upon the occurrence of any Event of Default arising under Section 8.1(a) or (f). 

(d) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date; provided that interest accruing pursuant to Section 2.15(c) shall be payable from time to time on demand. 

2.16 Computation of Interest and Fees ; Conforming Changes . 

(a) Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed, except that, with respect to ABR Loans the rate of interest on which is calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate (or, as applicable, on the basis of the Eurodollar Rate) , the interest thereon shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders of each determination of a Eurodollar Rate (and, as applicable, of the All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination of the Eurodollar Rate applicable to an ABR Loan) . Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the ABR or the Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate. 

(b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower, deliver to the 

60 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Borrower a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to Section 2.16(a) . 
 
 (c) In connection with the use or administration of any Benchmark, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of such Benchmark. 

2.17 Inability to Determine Interest Rate ; Benchmark Replacement Setting . 

(a) If prior to the first day of any Interest Period (or as applicable, on any day on which an ABR Loan bearing interest determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate is outstanding), the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall have reasonably determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower) in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Loan, a request for an ABR Loan to bear interest with reference to the Eurodollar Rate, or a conversion to or a continuation thereof that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant market, (i) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such requested Loan or conversion or continuation, as applicable, (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period, or (iii) the Eurodollar Rate determined or to be determined for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (as conclusively certified by such Lenders) of making or maintaining their affected Loans during such Interest Period, then, in any such case (i), (ii) or (iii), the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders thereof as soon as practicable thereafter. Any such determination shall specify the basis for such determination and shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Thereafter, (w) any Eurodollar Loans under the relevant Facility requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period shall be made as ABR Loans, (x) any such requested ABR Loans which were to have utilized a Eurodollar Rate component in determining the ABR shall not utilize a Eurodollar Rate component in determining the ABR applicable to such requested ABR Loan, (y) any Loans under the relevant Facility that were to have been converted on the first day of such Interest Period to Eurodollar Loans shall be continued as ABR Loans and (z) any outstanding Eurodollar Loans under the relevant Facility shall be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to ABR Loans. Until such notice has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent, no further Eurodollar Loans under the relevant Facility shall be made or continued as such, nor shall the Borrower have the right to convert Loans under the relevant Facility to Eurodollar Loans, and the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the ABR shall be suspended. 

(a) 	 Inability to Determine Interest Rate. Subject to Section 2.17(b), if, as of any 

date: 
 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or 

(ii) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason, in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and 

61 
 NY-2463280 
 
 fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, 
 
 the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to SOFR Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (ii), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Loans immediately or, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.21. Subject to Section 2.17(b), if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, in each case on any given day, the interest rate on ABR Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. 
 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(i) Benchmark Replacement. 

(A) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting , if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then 1 x if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) (i) or (a)(ii) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 2 y if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause a)(iii b of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. , New York City time , on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the affected Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 

(B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any 

62 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to , this Agreement or any other Loan Document ; provided that this clause (B) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion. 
 
 (ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (B i the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , and C ii the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes , (D) in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause Section 2.17(b) (iv) below, and E y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.17(b) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.17(b). 

(iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), A) i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or the Eurodollar Reference Rate) and either 1 A any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or 2 B the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will be no longer not be representative , then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and B ii if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause A i above either 1 A is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or 2 B is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will no longer not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Eurodollar Loan SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, 

63 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (i) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period . During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 
 
 2.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments. 

(a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from the Lenders hereunder, each payment by the Borrower on account of any commitment fee and any reduction of the Commitments shall be made pro rata according to the respective Term Percentages, L/C Percentages or Revolving Percentages, as the case may be, of the relevant Lenders. 

(b) Except as otherwise provided herein, each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Term Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Term Loans then held by the Term Lenders. The amount of each principal prepayment (whether optional or mandatory) of the Term Loans shall be applied to reduce the then remaining installments of the Term Loans on a pro rata basis based upon the respective then remaining principal amounts thereof. Except as otherwise may be agreed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, any prepayment of the Term Loans shall be applied to the then outstanding Term Loans on a pro rata basis regardless of Type. Amounts prepaid on account of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

(c) Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Revolving Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Revolving Loans then held by the Revolving Lenders. 

(d) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff and shall be made prior to 10:00 A.M. on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the applicable Funding Office, in Dollars and in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Lenders promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. Any payment received by the Administrative Agent after 10:00 A.M. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurodollar SOFR Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Eurodollar SOFR Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. 

(e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to the proposed date of any borrowing that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date in accordance with Section 2 , and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not in fact made 

64 
 NY-2463280 
 
 available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith, on demand, such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date on which such amount is made available to the Borrower but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, a rate equal to the greater of (A) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (B) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans under the relevant Facility. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of Administrative Agent or any Lender against any Loan Party. 

(g) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Section 2 , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable extension of credit set forth in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2 are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 

(h) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to (i) make Term Loans, (ii) make Revolving Loans, (iii) fund its participations in L/C Disbursements in accordance with its respective L/C Percentage, (iv) fund its respective Swingline Participation Amount of any Swingline Loan, and (v) make payments pursuant to Section 9.7 , as applicable, are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any such Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any such payment under Section 9.7 on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 9.7 . 

(i) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 

(j) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the 

65 
 NY-2463280 
 
 parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and 
 (ii) second , toward payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 
 (k) If any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the principal of or interest on any Loan made by it, its participation in the L/C Exposure or other obligations hereunder, as applicable (other than pursuant to a provision hereof providing for non-pro rata treatment), in excess of its Term Percentage, Revolving Percentage or L/C Percentage, as applicable, of such payment on account of the Loans or participations obtained by all of the Lenders, such Lender shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of the receipt of such payment, and (b) within five (5) Business Days of such receipt purchase (for cash at face value) from the other Term Lenders, Revolving Lenders or L/C Lenders, as applicable (through the Administrative Agent), without recourse, such participations in the Term Loans or Revolving Loans made by them and/or participations in the L/C Exposure held by them, as applicable, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of the other Lenders in accordance with their respective Term Percentages, Revolving Percentages or L/C Percentages, as applicable; provided , however , that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in L/C Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.18(k) may exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. No documentation other than notices and the like referred to in this Section 2.18(k) shall be required to implement the terms of this Section 2.18(k) . The Administrative Agent shall keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased pursuant to this Section 2.18(k) and shall in each case notify the Term Lenders, the Revolving Lenders or the L/C Lenders, as applicable, following any such purchase. The provisions of this Section 2.18(k) shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (ii) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 3.10 , or 

(iii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in 
 any of its Loans or sub-participations in any L/C Exposure to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). The Borrower consents on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Loan Party in the amount of such participation. For the avoidance of doubt, no amounts received by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Guarantor that is not a Qualified ECP Guarantor shall be applied in partial or complete satisfaction of any Excluded Swap Obligations. 
 
 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion at any time or from time to time, without the Borrower s request and even if the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 would not be satisfied, make a Revolving Loan in an amount equal to the portion of the Obligations constituting overdue interest and fees and Swingline Loans from time to 

66 
 NY-2463280 
 
 time due and payable to itself, any Revolving Lender, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Lender, and apply the proceeds of any such Revolving Loan to those Obligations; provided that after giving effect to any such Revolving Loan, the aggregate outstanding Revolving Loans will not exceed the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect. 
 
 2.19 Illegality; Requirements of Law. 

(a) Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a Lender, Group Member, or this Agreement has asserted that it is unlawful, for such any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Eurodollar SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or Term SOFR Reference Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority having applicable jurisdiction has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or Term SOFR Reference Rate , then, on upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent (an Illegality Notice , (i) any obligation of such Lender the Lenders to make or , and the right of the Borrower to continue Eurodollar SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar SOFR Loans , shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the ABR, the interest on such ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate SOFR component of the definition of ABR , in each case , until such each affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) an Illegality Notice, the Borrower shall , if necessary to avoid such illegality , upon demand from such any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate SOFR component of the definition of ABR ), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender all affected Lenders may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such any Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loans, and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall, during the period of such suspension compute the ABR applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof SOFR Loans to such day, in each case, until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such each affected Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar , Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or Term SOFR Reference Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted , together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.21 . 

(b) Requirements of Law . If the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a Lender, Group Member, or this Agreement, or the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any such Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof: 

(i) shall subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and 

(C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

67 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (ii) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Federal Reserve Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D)) , special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate) ; or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be, in the reasonable judgment of the Lender, to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining Loans determined with reference to the Eurodollar Rate or of maintaining its obligation to make such Loans, or to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of issuing, maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum receivable or received by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder in respect thereof (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, in any such case, upon the request of such Lender or other Recipient, the Borrower will promptly pay such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, any additional amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this paragraph, it shall promptly notify the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. 
 
 (c) If any Lender reasonably determines that any change in any Requirement of Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such change in such Requirement of Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case (i) and (ii) be deemed to be a change in any Requirement of Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

(e) A certificate in reasonable detail as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to paragraphs (b), (c), or (d) of this Section submitted by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 

68 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.19 , the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.19 for any amounts incurred more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the change in the Requirement of Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such nine-month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. The obligations of the Borrower arising pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall survive the Discharge of Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 2.20 Taxes. 

For purposes of this Section 2.20 , the term Lender includes the Issuing Lender and the term applicable Requirement of Law includes FATCA. 
 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law, and the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party, to comply with the requirements set forth in this Section 2.20 . If any applicable Requirement of Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such applicable Requirement of Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.20 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes . The Borrower shall, and the Borrower shall cause each other Loan Party to, timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with any applicable Requirement of Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes applicable to such Loan Party. 

(c) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.20 , the Borrower shall, or shall cause such other Loan Party to, deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Indemnification by Loan Parties . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party to, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 20 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.20 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto (including any recording and filing fees with respect thereto or resulting therefrom and any liabilities with respect to, or resulting from, any delay in paying such Indemnified Taxes), whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. If the Borrower reasonably believes that any such Indemnified Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, then at the Borrower s request the Administrative Agent and 

69 
 NY-2463280 
 
 each affected Recipient will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower in pursuing a refund of such Indemnified Taxes so long as such efforts would not, in the sole determination exercised in good faith of the Administrative Agent or the affected Recipient, result in any additional costs, expenses or risks or be otherwise disadvantageous to it. A certificate, with reasonable supporting detail, setting forth the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If any Loan Party fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the receipts or other documentary evidence required to be provided by the Loan Party under this Section 2.20 , such Loan Party shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and any applicable Recipient for any incremental taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or such Recipient as a result of any such failure. 
 
 (e) Indemnification by Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.6 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 2.20(e) . 

(f) Status of Lenders . 

(i) Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower (or other Loan Party) and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower (or other Loan Party) or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower (or other Loan Party) or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Recipient, if reasonably requested by the Borrower (or other Loan Party) or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower (or other Loan Party) or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements and to enable the Borrower (or other Loan Party) and Administrative Agent to comply with such requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.20(f)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if the Recipient is not legally entitled to complete, execute or deliver such documentation or, in the Recipient s reasonable judgment, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Recipient to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Recipient. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

70 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), copies of an executed original IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, copies of an executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) copies of an executed original IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) copies of an executed original IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form); or 

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), copies of any other executed form prescribed by an applicable Requirement of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by such applicable Requirement of Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

71 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by such applicable Requirement of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Each Foreign Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any previously delivered certificate to the Borrower (or any other form of certification adopted by the U.S. taxing authorities for such purpose). 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of, or credit with respect to, any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.20 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.20 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments, including for additional amounts, made under this Section 2.20 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund or credit), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund or credit). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.20 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the Discharge of Obligations. 

2.21 Indemnity . The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) a default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) a default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, 

72 
 NY-2463280 
 
 or (c) for any reason, the making of a prepayment of Eurodollar Loans on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Such losses and expenses shall be equal to the excess, if any, of 
 (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or not so borrowed, reduced, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, reduce, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period or, in the case of a failure to borrow, reduce, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest or other return for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any), over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodollar market. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. This covenant shall survive the Discharge of Obligations. 
 
 . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, or (d) the assignment of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for any loss, cost and expense attributable to such event, excluding loss of Applicable Margin and the Term SOFR Adjustment, but including any loss, cost or expense arising from the liquidation or redeployment of funds or from any fees payable. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 
 2.22 Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.19(b) , Section 2.19(c) , Section 2.20(a) , Section 2.20(b) or Section 2.20(d) with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans affected by such event or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.19 or 2.20 , as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender; provided that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.19(b) , Section 2.19(c) , Section 2.20(a) , Section 2.20(b) or Section 2.20(d) . The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment made at the request of the Borrower. 

2.23 Substitution of Lenders . Upon the receipt by the Borrower of any of the following (or in the case of clause (a) below, if the Borrower is required to pay any such amount), with respect to any Lender (any such Lender described in clauses (a) through (c) below being referred to as an Affected Lender hereunder): 

(a) a request from a Lender for payment of Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts under Section 2.20 or of increased costs pursuant to Section 2.19(b) or Section 2.19(c) (and, in any such 

73 
 NY-2463280 
 
 case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 2.22 or is a Non-Consenting Lender); 
 
 (b) a notice from the Administrative Agent under Section 10.1(b) that one or more Minority Lenders are unwilling to agree to an amendment or other modification approved by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent; or 

(c) notice from the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender; 

then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent and such Affected Lender: (i) request that one or more of the other Lenders acquire and assume all or part of such Affected Lender s Loans and Commitment; or (ii) designate a replacement lending institution (which shall be an Eligible Assignee) to acquire and assume all or a ratable part of such Affected Lender s Loans and Commitment (the replacing Lender or lender in (i) or (ii) being a Replacement Lender ); provided , however , that the Borrower shall be liable for the payment upon demand of all costs and other amounts arising under Section 2.21 that result from the acquisition of any Affected Lender s Loan and/or Commitment (or any portion thereof) by a Lender or Replacement Lender, as the case may be, on a date other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar SOFR Loans then outstanding; and provided further , however , that if the Borrower elects to exercise such right with respect to any Affected Lender under clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.23 , then the Borrower shall be obligated to replace all Affected Lenders under such clauses. The Affected Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.23 shall be required to assign and delegate, without recourse, all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to one or more Replacement Lenders that so agree to acquire and assume all or a ratable part of such Affected Lender s Loans and Commitment upon payment to such Affected Lender of an amount (in the aggregate for all Replacement Lenders) equal to 100 of the outstanding principal of the Affected Lender s Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from such Replacement Lenders (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts, including amounts under Section 2.21 hereof). Any such designation of a Replacement Lender shall be effected in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the assignment provisions contained in Section 10.6 (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Borrower in such instance), and, if such Replacement Lender is not already a Lender hereunder or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any assignment pursuant to this Section 2.23 , (a) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.19 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.20 , such assignment shall result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; (b) such assignment shall not conflict with applicable law and (c) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender being a Minority Lender referred to in clause (b) of this Section 2.23 , the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Affected Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Affected Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 2.24 Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

74 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.1 and in the definition of Required Lenders. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 8 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.7 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Lender or to the Swingline Lender hereunder; third , to be held as Cash Collateral for the funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a Deposit Account and released pro rata to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement, and 

(y) be held as Cash Collateral for the future funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender of any 
 participation in any future Letter of Credit; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to any L/C Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any L/C Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (A) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (B) such Loans or L/C Advances were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Advances owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Advances owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Advances and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable Facility without giving effect to Section 2.24(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.24(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 
 (iii) Certain Fees . 

(A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee pursuant to Section 2.9(b) for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender). 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit Fees as provided in Section 3.3(d) . 

75 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (C) With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the Issuing Lender s or the Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Pro Rata Share to Reduce Fronting Exposure . During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3.4 or in Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.7(c) , the L/C Percentage of each Non-Defaulting Lender of any such Letter of Credit and the Revolving Percentage of each Non-Defaulting Lender of any such Swingline Loan, as the case may be, shall be computed without giving effect to the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender; provided that the aggregate obligations of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Revolving Commitment of that Non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Revolving Loans of that Lender plus the aggregate amount of that Lender s L/C Percentage of then outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate amount of such Lender s pro rata percentage of the then outstanding Swingline Loans. Subject to Section 10.21 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first , prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure and (y) second , Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 3.10 . 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Lender agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Percentages, L/C Percentages, and Term Percentages, as applicable (without giving effect to Section 2.24(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided further that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied 

76 
 NY-2463280 
 
 that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan, and (ii) the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit after giving effect thereto. 
 
 (d) Termination of Defaulting Lender . The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of any Revolving Lender that is a Defaulting Lender upon not less than ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof), and in such event the provisions of Section 2.24(a)(ii) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts); provided that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 

2.25 [Reserved]. 

2.26 Notes . If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person who is an assignee of such Lender pursuant to Section 10.6 (promptly after the Borrower s receipt of such notice) a Note or Notes to evidence such Lender s Loans. 

2.27 Incremental Loans . 

(a) Term Loans . At any time commencing on the Closing Date until the Term Loan Maturity Date, subject to the conditions set forth in clause (e) below, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may, from time to time, request one or more increases (but, together with increases in respect of Incremental Revolving Commitments, not more than five (5) increases in the aggregate) to the Term Commitment or fundings of new Term Loans from one or more existing Lenders or from other Eligible Assignees reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (each, an Incremental Term Loan ). Any Incremental Term Loan shall be in the amount of at least 10,000,000 and integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lower amount that represents all remaining availability pursuant to this Section 2.27(a) ). 

(b) Revolving Loans . At any time during the Revolving Commitment Period, subject to the conditions set forth in clause (e) below, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may, from time to time, request one or more increases (but, together with increases in respect of Incremental Term Loans, not more than five (5) increases in the aggregate) to the Revolving Commitment from one or more existing Lenders or from other Eligible Assignees reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and the Borrower (the Incremental Revolving Commitment ), in an aggregate amount for all such Incremental Revolving Commitments, not to exceed 75,000,000. Any Incremental Revolving Commitment shall be in the amount of at least 10,000,000 (or such lower amount that represents all remaining availability pursuant to this Section 2.27(b) and integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lower amount that represents all remaining availability pursuant to this Section 2.27(b) ). 

(c) Lender Election to Increase; Prospective Lenders . At the time of sending such notice in accordance with clauses (a) or (b) above, the Borrower shall specify the time period (such period, the Election Period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which Election Period shall in no event be less than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Administrative Agent), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify each Lender of the 

77 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Borrower s request for such Incremental Term Loan and/or such Incremental Revolving Commitment and the Election Period during which each Lender is requested to respond to such Borrower request; provided that if such notice indicates that it is conditioned upon the occurrence of a specified event, such notice may be revoked if such event does not occur prior to the requested funding date. Each Term Lender shall have the right to participate in any Incremental Term Loan in accordance with its pro rata share of the then-existing Term Loans, and each Revolving Lender shall have the right to participate in any Incremental Revolving Commitment in accordance with its pro rata share of the then-existing Revolving Commitments. No Term Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Incremental Term Loan, and no Revolving Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Incremental Revolving Commitment, and each such Lender s determination to participate shall be in such Lender s sole and absolute discretion. Any Lender not responding by the end of such Election Period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its respective Revolving Commitment or Term Commitment or to participate in the funding of a new Term Loan, as applicable. To the extent sufficient Term Lenders (or their Affiliates) or Revolving Lenders (or their Affiliates), as applicable, do not agree to provide an Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Commitment, as applicable, on terms acceptable to the Borrower, the Borrower may invite any prospective lender that satisfies the criteria of being an Eligible Assignee and is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to become a Lender. 
 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If any Incremental Revolving Commitment or an Incremental Term Loan is extended in accordance with this Section 2.27, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such Incremental Revolving Commitment or Incremental Term Loan, as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such Incremental Revolving Commitment or Incremental Term Loan, as applicable and the Increase Effective Date. 

(e) Each of the following shall be the only conditions precedent to the making of an Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Commitment: 

(i) The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of each such Loan Party certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such Incremental Revolving Commitment or Incremental Term Loan, together with recently dated good standing certificates from each Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization, and customary opinions of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Immediately after giving pro forma effect to the extension of such Incremental Facility, each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.2(a) shall be satisfied (other than in connection with Limited Condition Acquisitions, in which case (i) Section 5.2(a) shall be satisfied only in connection with the Specified Representations and (ii) the Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations shall be true and correct on the Increase Effective Date, but only to the extent that the Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) has the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate its (or such Affiliates obligations under the Limited Condition Acquisition, or to decline to consummate the Limited Condition Acquisition Agreement (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof) as a result of a breach of such Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations. 

(iii) Immediately after giving pro forma effect to the extension of such Incremental Facility, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (other than in connection with Limited Condition Acquisitions, in which case there shall be (x) no Default or Event of 

78 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Default as of the LCA Test Date and (y) no Event of Default under Section 8.1(a) or (f) immediately after giving pro forma effect to the making of such Incremental Term Loan. 
 
 (iv) The Borrower shall be in pro forma compliance with the then applicable financial covenants set forth in Section 7.1 (except that the pro forma Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed .25x less than the then-prevailing Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant compliance level set forth in Section 7.1(b)) as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which financial statements of the Borrower were required to have been delivered in accordance with the terms hereof immediately after giving effect to the making of such Incremental Term Loan or extension of such Incremental Revolving Commitment and the use of proceeds thereof (calculated as though any new Incremental Revolving Commitment and then existing Revolving Commitments are fully funded, and without netting Qualified Cash from the proceeds of the new Incremental Revolving Commitment or Incremental Term Loan); provided further that in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition, such calculations shall be made in compliance with Section 1.4 . 

(v) Each Lender agreeing to participate in any such Incremental Facility, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have signed an Incremental Joinder (any Incremental Joinder may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders agreeing to participate in such Incremental Facility, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this Section 2.27 and the Borrower shall have executed any Notes requested by any Lender in connection with the incurrence of the Incremental Facility. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, an Incremental Joinder reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and the amendments to this Agreement effected thereby, shall not require the consent of any Lender other than the Lender(s) agreeing to participate in such Incremental Facility. 

(vi) The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent any fees required to be paid pursuant to the terms of the Fee Letter, and shall have paid to any Lender providing such Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Commitments any fees required to be paid to such Lender in connection with the increased Revolving Commitment (or in the case of a new Lender, such new Revolving Commitment) or increased Term Commitment, as applicable (or in the case of a new Lender, such new Term Commitment) hereunder (in each case, unless otherwise waived by the applicable party). 

(vii) With respect to any increase in the Revolving Commitment, all outstanding Loans, participations hereunder in Letters of Credit and participations hereunder in Swingline Loans held by each Revolving Lender shall be reallocated among the Revolving Lenders (including any newly added Revolving Lenders) in accordance with the Revolving Lenders respective revised Revolving Percentages and L/C Percentages, pursuant to procedures reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower. 

(f) Distribution of Revised Commitments Schedule . The Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to the parties an amended Schedule 1.1A (which shall be deemed incorporated into this Agreement), to reflect any such changes in the Revolving Commitments or Term Commitments, if applicable of the existing Lenders, or the addition of any new Lenders and their respective Revolving Commitment amounts or Term Commitment amounts, as applicable, and the respective Revolving Percentages or Term Percentages, as applicable, resulting therefrom. 

(g) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.18 or 10.1 to the contrary. 

79 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (h) Any additional Revolving Loans made available pursuant to any such Incremental Revolving Commitment shall be treated on the same terms (including with respect to pricing and maturity date) as, and made pursuant to the same documentation as is applicable to, the original Revolving Facility. 

(i) The Incremental Term Loans shall, for purposes of prepayments, be treated substantially the same as the Term Loans funded on the Closing Date and shall have the same terms as the then existing Term Loans, except as may be mutually agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan; provided , in any case, that (i) no Incremental Term Loan shall have a final maturity date earlier than the Term Loan Maturity Date, (ii) the amortization schedule of any Incremental Term Loan shall not have a weighted average life to maturity shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Term Loans funded on the Closing Date, (iii) any Incremental Term Loan shall rank pari passu in right of security in respect of the Collateral and will not be guaranteed by any Person that is not a Guarantor hereunder and shall not be secured by any property or assets of any Group Member other than the Collateral, (iv) to the extent the terms and conditions of such Incremental Term Loan are not substantially identical to the terms and conditions of any then-existing Term Loans, such terms and conditions shall not be more restrictive to the Group Members than the terms of any then-existing Term Loans (it being understood that (1) to the extent that any such more favorable terms are added for the benefit of any corresponding Term Loans or Revolving Commitments, such materially more restrictive terms shall be permitted and (2) any materially more restrictive terms that are only applicable after the Term Loan Maturity Date shall be permitted); and 

(iv) to the extent the initial yield (including any original issue discount or similar yield-related discounts, 
 deductions or payments but excluding any customary arrangement or commitment fees payable to the Administrative Agent) applicable to the Incremental Term Loan, as applicable, is higher than the initial yield applicable to the Term Loans funded on the Closing Date by more than 0.50 , this Agreement shall be amended to increase the Applicable Margin applicable to the Term Loans funded on the Closing Date, to the extent necessary so that the initial yield applicable to such Incremental Term Loan is no more than 0.50 greater than the initial yield applicable to the Term Loans funded on the Closing Date the MFN Protection . 
 
 (j) Effect of Increase . Upon the increase in the Total Revolving Commitments or the funding of an Incremental Term Loan, as applicable, under this Section 2.27 , all references in this Agreement and in any other Loan Document to the Revolving Commitment or Loans, as applicable, of any Lender (including any additional lender that becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 2.27(c) shall be deemed to include any increase in such Lender s Revolving Commitment, Revolving Loans or Incremental Term Loan, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 2.27 and any amendments effected through the applicable Increase Joinder. The Incremental Facilities established pursuant to this Section 

2.27 shall constitute Revolving Loans, Revolving Commitments and Term Loans, as applicable, under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from any guarantees and the security interests created by the Loan Documents,. The Borrower shall take any actions reasonably required by Administrative Agent to ensure and demonstrate that the Liens and security interests granted by the Loan Documents continue to be perfected under the UCC or otherwise after giving effect to the establishment of any such Incremental Facility. 

80 
 NY-2463280 
 
 SECTION 3 LETTERS OF CREDIT 
 
 3.1 L/C Commitment. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Lender agrees to issue standby letters of credit Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower on any Business Day during the Letter of Credit Availability Period in such form as may reasonably be approved from time to time by the Issuing Lender; provided that the Issuing Lender shall have no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, the L/C Exposure would exceed either the Total L/C Commitments or the Available Revolving Commitment at such time. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, in their sole discretion, each Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in Dollars and (ii) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the Letter of Credit Maturity Date, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above unless Cash Collateralized at a rate of 105 or otherwise backstopped to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender). The amount of any Letter of Credit issued in a foreign currency shall be carried at the equivalent rate in Dollars at the exchange rate used generally by the applicable Issuing Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and after any drawing on such Letter of Credit. 

(b) The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of 

Credit if: 
 
 (i) such issuance would conflict with, or cause the Issuing Lender or any L/C Lender to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law; 

(ii) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Lender from issuing, amending or reinstating such Letter of Credit, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Issuing Lender or any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Lender shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Lender refrain from, the issuance, amendment, renewal or reinstatement of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Lender with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Lender is not otherwise compensated) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Lender any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Issuing Lender in good faith deems material to it; 

(iii) the Issuing Lender has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or reinstatement of such Letter of Credit, that one or more of the applicable conditions contained in Section 5.2 shall not then be satisfied (which notice shall contain a description of any such condition asserted not to be satisfied); 

(iv) any requested Letter of Credit is not in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Lender, or the issuance, amendment or renewal of a Letter of Credit shall violate any applicable laws or regulations or any applicable policies of the Issuing Lender; 

81 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (v) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions providing for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; 

(vi) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, such Letter of Credit is in an initial face amount of less than 50,000; or 

(vii) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender unless the Issuing Lender has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, pursuant to Section 3.10 , satisfactory to the Issuing Lender (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Defaulting Lender to eliminate the Issuing Lender s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.24(a)(iv) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or such Letter of Credit and all other L/C Exposure as to which the Issuing Lender has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 

3.2 Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit . The Borrower may from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower by delivering to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, completed to the satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Issuing Lender may request. Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender will process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its customary procedures and shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall the Issuing Lender be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three (3) Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower. The Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. The Issuing Lender shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Lenders, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof). In the event of a conflict between the terms of an Application and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 

3.3 Fees and Other Charges. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay, with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit and each outstanding Letter of Credit issued for the account of (or at the request of) the Borrower, (i) a fronting fee of 0.125 per annum on the daily amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit to the Issuing Lender for its own account (a Letter of Credit Fronting Fee ), (ii) a letter of credit fee equal to the Applicable Margin relating to Revolving Loans that are Eurodollar SOFR Loans multiplied by the daily amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit on the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the L/C Lenders (determined in accordance with their respective L/C Percentages) (a Letter of Credit Fee ), in each case payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the Letter of Credit Maturity Date (each, an L/C Fee Payment Date after the issuance date of such Letter of Credit, and (iii) the Issuing Lender s standard and reasonable fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit issued for the account of (or at the request of) the Borrower or processing of drawings thereunder (the fees in this clause (iii), collectively, the Issuing Lender Fees ). All Letter of Credit Fronting Fees and Letter of Credit Fees shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of three hundred sixty (360) days. During the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of the Required Lenders, Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue a rate per annum equal to the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section plus 2.00 ; provided that such increased fee rate shall apply 

82 
 NY-2463280 
 
 to all outstanding Letters of Credit automatically and without any Required Lender consent therefor upon the occurrence of any Event of Default arising under Section 8.1(a) or (f) . 
 
 (b) In addition to the foregoing fees, the Borrower shall pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit. 

(c) The Borrower shall furnish to the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to any requested Letter of Credit issuance, amendment or renewal, including any L/C-Related Documents, as the Issuing Lender or the Administrative Agent may require. This Agreement shall control in the event of any conflict with any L/C-Related Document (other than any Letter of Credit). 

(d) Any Letter of Credit Fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory to the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.10 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to the other L/C Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective L/C Percentages allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.24(a)(iv) , with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the Issuing Lender for its own account. 

(e) All fees payable under this Section 3.3 shall be fully earned on the date paid and 

nonrefundable. 
 
 3.4 L/C Participations; Existing Letters of Credit. 

(a) L/C Participations . The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Lender, and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit, each L/C Lender irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L/C Lender s own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Lender s L/C Percentage in the Issuing Lender s obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder. Each L/C Lender agrees with the Issuing Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which the Issuing Lender is not reimbursed in full by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.5(a) , such L/C Lender shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Lender s L/C Percentage of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed. Each L/C Lender s obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Lender may have against the Issuing Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5.2 , (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other L/C Lender, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 

(b) Existing Letters of Credit . On and after the Closing Date, the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed for all purposes, including for purposes of the fees to be collected pursuant to Sections 3.3(a) and (b), reimbursement of costs and expenses to the extent provided herein and for purposes of being secured by the Collateral, a Letter of Credit outstanding under this Agreement and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall be governed by the 

83 
 NY-2463280 
 
 applications and agreements pertaining thereto and by this Agreement (which shall control in the event of a conflict). 
 
 3.5 Reimbursement. 

(a) If the Issuing Lender shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof and the Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid to the Issuing Lender an amount equal to the entire amount of such L/C Disbursement not later than (i) the immediately following Business Day if the Issuing Lender issues such notice before 10:00 a.m. on the date of such L/C Disbursement, or (ii) on the second following Business Day if the Issuing Lender issues such notice at or after 10:00 a.m. on the date of such L/C Disbursement. Each such payment shall be made to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices referred to herein in Dollars and in immediately available funds; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.5 or Section 2.7(a) that such payment be financed with a Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan, as applicable, in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligations to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan. 

(b) If the Issuing Lender shall not have received from the Borrower the payment that it is required to make pursuant to Section 3.5(a) with respect to a Letter of Credit within the time specified in such Section, the Issuing Lender will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of the L/C Disbursement and the Administrative Agent will promptly notify each L/C Lender of such L/C Disbursement and its L/C Percentage thereof, and each L/C Lender shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Lender s L/C Percentage of such L/C Disbursement (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose); upon such payment pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Lender for any L/C Disbursement, the Borrower shall be required to reimburse the L/C Lenders for such payments (including interest accrued thereon from the date of such payment until the date of such reimbursement at the rate applicable to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans plus 2 per annum) on demand; provided that if at the time of and after giving effect to such payment by the L/C Lenders, the conditions to borrowings and Revolving Loan Conversions set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied, the Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent certifying that such conditions are satisfied and that all interest owing under this paragraph has been paid, request that such payments by the L/C Lenders be converted into Revolving Loans (a Revolving Loan Conversion ), in which case, if such conditions are in fact satisfied, the L/C Lenders shall be deemed to have extended, and the Borrower shall be deemed to have accepted, a Revolving Loan in the aggregate principal amount of such payment without further action on the part of any party, and the Total L/C Commitments shall be permanently reduced by such amount; any amount so paid pursuant to this paragraph shall, on and after the payment date thereof, be deemed to be Revolving Loans for all purposes hereunder; provided that the Issuing Lender, at its option, may effectuate a Revolving Loan Conversion regardless of whether the conditions to borrowings and Revolving Loan Conversions set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied. 

3.6 Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligations under this Section 3 shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that the Borrower may have or have had against the Issuing Lender, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person. The Borrower also agrees with the Issuing Lender that the Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for, and the Borrower s obligations hereunder shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of the Borrower against any 

84 
 NY-2463280 
 
 beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee. The Issuing Lender shall not be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for errors or omissions found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Lender. The Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by the Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding on the Borrower and shall not result in any liability of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower. 
 
 In addition to amounts payable as elsewhere provided in the Agreement, the Borrower hereby agrees to pay and to protect, indemnify, and save Issuing Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) that the Issuing Lender may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of 
 (a) the issuance of any Letter of Credit, or (b) the failure of Issuing Lender or of any L/C Lender to honor a demand for payment under any Letter of Credit as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or Governmental Authority, in each case other than to the extent solely as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Issuing Lender or such L/C Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 
 3.7 Letter of Credit Payments . If any draft shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit. 

3.8 Applications . To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 3 , the provisions of this Section 3 shall apply. 

3.9 Interim Interest . If the Issuing Lender shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, then, unless either the Borrower shall have reimbursed such L/C Disbursement in full within the time period specified in Section 3.5(a) or the L/C Lenders shall have reimbursed such L/C Disbursement in full on such date as provided in Section 3.5(b) , in each case the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest for the account of the Issuing Lender, for each day from and including the date of such L/C Disbursement to but excluding the date of payment by the Borrower, at the rate per annum that would apply to such amount if such amount were a Revolving Loan that is an ABR Loan; provided that the provisions of Section 2.15(c) shall be applicable to any such amounts not paid when due. 

3.10 Cash Collateral. 

(a) Certain Credit Support Events . Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (i) if the Issuing Lender has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Advance by all the L/C Lenders that is not reimbursed by the Borrower or converted into a Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 3.5(b) , or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Maturity Date, any L/C Exposure for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrower shall, (x) in the case of clause (ii), immediately and, (y) in the case of clause 

(i) within one (1) Business Day, Cash Collateralize the then effective L/C Exposure in an amount equal to 105 of such L/C Exposure. 

85 
 NY-2463280 
 
 At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one (1) Business Day following the request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover 105 of the Fronting Exposure relating to the Letters of Credit (after giving effect to Section 2.24(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). 
 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts with the Administrative Agent. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Lender or Defaulting Lender, such Lender or Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the L/C Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest and Lien in all such Cash Collateral and in all proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 3.10(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Lender as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than 105 of the applicable L/C Exposure, Fronting Exposure and other Obligations secured thereby, the Borrower or the relevant Lender or Defaulting Lender, as applicable, will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). 

(c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 3.10 , Section 2.24 or otherwise in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Exposure, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 

(d) Termination of Requirement . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit or other Obligations shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 3.10 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure and other Obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of the Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) a determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , 

(A) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of an Event of Default, and (B) that, subject to Section 2.24 , the Person providing such Cash Collateral and the Issuing Lender may agree that such Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations, and provided further , that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to any security interest and Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents including any applicable Cash Management Agreement. 
 
 3.11 Additional Issuing Lenders . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and such Lender, designate one or more additional Lenders to act as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement. Any Lender designated as an issuing bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed to be an Issuing Lender (in addition to being a Lender) in respect of Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Lender, and, with respect to such Letters of Credit, such term shall thereafter apply to the other Issuing Lender and such Lender. 

86 
 NY-2463280 
 
 3.12 Resignation of the Issuing Lender . The Issuing Lender may resign at any time by giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. Subject to the next succeeding paragraph, upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Issuing Lender hereunder by a Lender that shall agree to serve as successor Issuing Lender, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the interests, rights and obligations of the retiring Issuing Lender and the retiring Issuing Lender shall be discharged from its obligations to issue additional Letters of Credit hereunder without affecting its rights and obligations with respect to Letters of Credit previously issued by it. At the time such resignation shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all accrued and unpaid fees pursuant to Section 3.3 . The acceptance of any appointment as the Issuing Lender hereunder by a successor Lender shall be evidenced by an agreement entered into by such successor, in a form satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such successor Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the previous Issuing Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context shall require. After the resignation of the Issuing Lender hereunder, the retiring Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or to extend, renew or increase any existing Letter of Credit. 

3.13 Applicability of ISP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued and subject to applicable laws, the Letters of Credit shall be governed by the rules of the ISP. 

SECTION 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans and issue the Letters of Credit, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to themselves and each other Group Member, that: 
 
 4.1 Financial Condition. 

(a) The Projected Pro Forma Financial Statements have been prepared giving effect (as if such events had occurred on such date) to (i) the Loans to be made on the Closing Date and the use of proceeds thereof, and (ii) the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. The Projected Pro Forma Financial Statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the Borrower s firm of accountants and disclosed therein and except for the absence of footnotes and subject to year-end adjustments for unaudited financial statements). The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. 

(b) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Group Members as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Group Members as at such dates. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Group Members as of March 31, 2021, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and 

87 
 NY-2463280 
 
 cash flows for the three month period ended on such date, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Group Members as at such date, and the consolidated results of their operations and consolidated cash flows for the three month period then ended (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes). No Group Member has, as of the Closing Date, any material Guarantee Obligations, contingent liabilities and liabilities for past due taxes, or any long-term leases or unusual forward or long-term commitments, including any interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction or other obligation in respect of derivatives, that are not reflected in the most recent financial statements referred to in this paragraph. During the period from December 31, 2020 to and including the date hereof, there has been no Disposition by any Group Member of any material part of its business or property and not disclosed in the financial statements referred to in this paragraph. 
 
 4.2 No Change . Since December 31, 2020, there has been no development or event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.3 Existence; Compliance with Law . Each Group Member (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) is in material compliance with all Requirements of Law except in such instances in which (i) such Requirement of Law is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and the prosecution of such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.4 Power, Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . Each Loan Party has the power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain extensions of credit hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No Governmental Approval or consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any other Person is required in connection with the extensions of credit hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, except (i) Governmental Approvals, consents, authorizations, filings and notices described on Schedule 4.4 , which Governmental Approvals, consents, authorizations, filings and notices have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) the filings referred to in Section 4.19 . Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

4.5 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the issuance of Letters of Credit, the extensions of credit hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law, Operating Documents or any material Contractual Obligation of any Group Member and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law, 

88 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Operating Document or any such material Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). No Group Member has violated any Requirement of Law or violated or failed to comply with any Contractual Obligation applicable to the Group Members, which violation or failure could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 4.6 Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing by or against any Group Member or against any of their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.7 No Default . No Group Member is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, nor shall either result from the making of a requested credit extension. 

4.8 Ownership of Property; Liens; Investments . Each Group Member has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of its real property, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of its other property, and none of such property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 7.3 . 

4.9 Intellectual Property . Each Group Member owns, or is licensed or has the right to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted. No claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning any Group Member s use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Group Member s Intellectual Property, unless such claim would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, the use of Intellectual Property by each Group Member, and the conduct of each Group Member s business, as currently conducted, does not infringe on or otherwise violate the rights of any Person, unless such infringement would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there are no claims pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing to such effect, unless such claim would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No holding, decision or judgment has been rendered by any Governmental Authority which would limit, cancel or question the validity of, or such Group Member s rights in, any Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property license in any respect that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No action or proceeding is pending, or, to the knowledge of such Group Member, threatened in writing (a) seeking to limit, cancel or question the validity of any material Intellectual Property owned by a Group Member or such Group Member s ownership interest therein, and (b) which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.10 Taxes . Each Group Member has, after giving effect to any extensions granted or grace periods in effect, filed or caused to be filed all federal and state income and all other material tax returns that are required under applicable law to be filed by it and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, other than the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member. No tax Lien has been filed (other than Liens permitted by Section 7.3(a) upon any property or assets of any Group Member. 

4.11 Federal Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of buying or carrying margin stock (within the 

89 
 NY-2463280 
 
 respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to time hereafter in effect) or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used for buying or carrying any such margin stock or for extending credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock in violation of Regulations T, U or X of the Board. If any margin stock directly or indirectly constitutes Collateral securing the Obligations, Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent in writing, and, if requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U. 
 
 4.12 Labor Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Group Member pending or, to the knowledge of the Group Members, threatened in writing; (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of each Group Member have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from any Group Member on account of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Group Member. 

4.13 ERISA . 

(a) Schedule 4.13 is a complete and accurate list of all Plans maintained or sponsored by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes as of the Closing Date; 

(b) the Borrower and its ERISA Affiliates are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions and requirements of ERISA with respect to each Plan, and have performed all their obligations under each Plan; 

(c) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; 

(d) the Borrower and each of its ERISA Affiliates have met all applicable requirements under the ERISA Funding Rules with respect to each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the ERISA Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; 

(e) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is at least 60 , and neither the Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage to fall below 60 as of the most recent valuation date; 

(f) except to the extent required under Section 4980B of the Code, or as described on Schedule 4.13 , no Plan provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates; 

(g) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the amount of outstanding benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), does not exceed 5,000,000; 

(h) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to the prohibitions of 

90 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which taxes could be imposed pursuant to Section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code; 
 
 (i) all liabilities under each Plan are (i) funded to at least the minimum level required by law or, if higher, to the level required by the terms governing the Plans, (ii) insured with a reputable insurance company, (iii) provided for or recognized in the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto or (iv) estimated in the formal notes to the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto; 

(j) there are no circumstances which may give rise to a liability in relation to any Plan which is not funded, insured, provided for, recognized or estimated in the manner described in clause (g); and 

(k) (i) the Borrower is not and will not be a plan within the meaning of Section 4975(e) of the Code; (ii) the assets of the Borrower do not and will not constitute plan assets within the meaning of the United States Department of Labor Regulations set forth in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101; 

(iii) the Borrower is not and will not be a governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA; and (iv) transactions by or with the Borrower are not and will not be subject to state statutes applicable to the Borrower regulating investments of fiduciaries with respect to governmental plans. 
 
 4.14 Investment Company Act; Other Regulations . No Loan Party is an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No Loan Party is subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law (other than Regulation X of the Board) that limits its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 

4.15 Subsidiaries . Except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in writing from time to time after the Closing Date, (a) Schedule 4.15 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary of the Borrower and, as to each such Subsidiary, the direct owner or owners thereof and the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by such owner or owners, and 

(b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except as may be created by the Loan Documents and except as are disclosed on Schedule 4.15 . No Subsidiary which has been designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary fails to satisfy the limitations set forth in the definition thereof. 
 
 4.16 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loan made on the Closing Date shall be used to refinance the obligations of the Borrower outstanding under the Existing Credit Facilities, to pay related fees and expenses, and for ongoing working capital and general corporate purposes. All or a portion of the proceeds of the Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans, Incremental Facilities and the Letters of Credit made after the Closing Date, shall be used to provide for ongoing working capital and general corporate purposes and to pay related fees and expenses. 

4.17 Environmental Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) except as disclosed on Schedule 4.17 , the facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by any Group Member (the Properties do not contain, and have not previously contained, any Materials of Environmental Concern in amounts or 

91 
 NY-2463280 
 
 concentrations or under circumstances that constitute or have constituted a violation of, or would reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law; 
 
 (b) no Group Member has received or is aware of any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties or the business operated by any Group Member (the Business ), nor does the Borrower have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened; 

(c) no Group Member has transported or disposed of Materials of Environmental Concern from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law, nor has any Group Member generated, treated, stored or disposed of Materials of Environmental Concern at, on or under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that would reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law; 

(d) no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, under any Environmental Law to which any Group Member is or will be named as a party with respect to the Properties or the Business, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business; 

(e) there has been no release of Materials of Environmental Concern at or from the Properties arising from or related to the operations of any Group Member or otherwise in connection with the Business, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws; 

(f) all operations of the Group Members at the Properties are in compliance, and have in the last five years been in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and except as disclosed on Schedule 4.17 , to the knowledge of the Borrower, there is no contamination at, under or about the Properties or violation of any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business; and 

(g) no Group Member has assumed any liability of any other Person under Environmental Laws. 

4.18 Accuracy of Information, etc. No statement or information prepared by or on behalf of any Loan Party contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other document, certificate or written statement furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, contained as of the date such statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in any material respect in light of the circumstances in which they were made. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. There is no fact known to any Group Member that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been expressly disclosed herein, in the other 

92 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Loan Documents or in any other documents, certificates or statements furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents other than general conditions affecting the Borrower s industry. 
 
 4.19 Security Documents. 

(a) The Guarantee and Collateral Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law)) security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of the Pledged Stock (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) that are securities represented by stock certificates or otherwise constituting certificated securities within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(15) of the UCC or the corresponding code or statute of any other applicable jurisdiction Certificated Securities ), when certificates representing such Pledged Stock (which, in the case of certificated securities in registered form, are indorsed to the Administrative Agent or in blank by an effective indorsement) are delivered to the Administrative Agent, and in the case of the other Collateral constituting personal property described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, when financing statements, Intellectual Property Security Agreements and other filings specified on Schedule 4.19(a) in appropriate form are filed in the USPTO and USCRO and the offices specified on Schedule 4.19(a) , as applicable (to the extent a security interest may be perfected by such filing), the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person (except, in the case of Collateral other than Pledged Stock, Liens permitted by Section 7.3 ). As of the Closing Date, none of the Capital Stock of any Group Member that is a limited liability company or partnership has any Capital Stock that is a Certificated Security and included in the Collateral. 

(b) Each of the Mortgages delivered after the Closing Date will be, upon execution, effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law)) Lien on the Mortgaged Properties described therein and proceeds thereof, and when the Mortgages are filed in the offices for the applicable jurisdictions in which the Mortgaged Properties are located, each such Mortgage shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations (as defined in the relevant Mortgage), in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person. 

4.20 Solvency; Voidable Transaction . The Group Members (when taken as a whole), and after giving effect to the incurrence of all Indebtedness, Obligations and obligations being incurred in connection herewith, will be Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party 

4.21 Regulation H . No Mortgage encumbers improved real property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has not been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968. 

93 
 NY-2463280 
 
 4.22 [Reserved]. 

4.23 Regulatory Matters. 

(a) (i) The businesses of the Borrower has been and is being conducted in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws, and all Permits, (ii) each Product (whether manufactured by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective Affiliates or by a third party manufacturer under contract to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) has been, and currently is, being researched, developed, designed, investigated, manufactured, made, assembled, stored, packaged, labeled, marketed and distributed by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or third parties on their behalf, in compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law, including, without limitation, the Healthcare Laws, all required Permits, cGMP, QSR, the Device Master Record as defined in 21 CFR 

820.181 and Document Controls under 21 CFR 820.40 and all Product specifications as established in the Group Members documentation, except to the extent any failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequences to the Loan Parties (other than immaterial consequences), 
 (iii) each contract between the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries on the one hand, and any third party manufacturer on the other hand contain (and the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries implement), appropriate quality assurance arrangements in accordance with FDA requirements and comply in all material respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws, (iv) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with applicable Requirements of Law governing reporting and recordkeeping of Product modifications, adverse event reporting, reporting of corrections and removals, and recordkeeping for each Product, and all manufacturing and release documents and records are true and accurate in all material respects, and (v) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has received or been subject to any written or oral communications from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority asserting that the Borrower, any such Subsidiary or any such Product was not in compliance in any material respect with any applicable Requirement of Law or any Permit. 
 
 (b) Other than routine surveillance audits and inspections, no investigation by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiary is pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written or oral communication from any Governmental Authority of any noncompliance with any Requirement of Law or any written or oral communication from any Governmental Authority or accrediting organization of any material issues, problems, or concerns regarding the quality or performance of the Products. 

(c) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, free and clear of all Liens, except Liens securing the Obligations, all Permits, including all authorizations under the FD C Act, other United States federal laws, and all applicable state and foreign laws, necessary (i) for the research and development and commercialization of the Products, including, without limitation, all Permits necessary in connection with testing, manufacturing, marketing or selling of such Products, as such testing, manufacturing, marketing or selling are currently being conducted, and (ii) to carry on the business of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries. All such Permits are valid and in full force and effect and the Borrower and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all terms and conditions of such Permits. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary has received any written notice from any Governmental Authority that any Permit has been or is being revoked, withdrawn, suspended or challenged or that such Governmental Authority is conducting an investigation or review thereof or has issued any order or recommendation stating that the development, testing and/or manufacturing of such Product should cease or that such Product should be withdrawn from the marketplace. 

(d) Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, there have been no adverse clinical test results and there have been 

94 
 NY-2463280 
 
 no Product recalls or voluntary Product Market Withdrawals from any market (other than those recalls or Market Withdrawals disclosed on Schedule 4.23(d)) . 
 
 (e) There has been no material untrue statement of fact and no fraudulent statement made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective agents or representatives to the FDA or any other Governmental Authority, and there has been no failure to disclose any material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Governmental Authority. 

(f) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has been the subject of any for cause inspection, investigation or audit by any Governmental Authority in connection with any alleged improper activity. 

(g) There is no arrangement relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries providing for any rebates, kickbacks or other forms of compensation or remuneration that are unlawful to be paid to any Person to induce, or in return for obtaining or the referral of business or for the arrangement for recommendation of such referrals. All billings by the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries for its services have been true and correct in all material respects and are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws. 

(h) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any individual who is an officer, director, employee or manager of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has been convicted of, charged with or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, investigated for any federal or state health program- related offense or been excluded or suspended from participation in any such program; or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, within the past five (5) years, has been convicted of, charged with or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, investigated for a violation of any Requirement of Law related to fraud, theft, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary responsibility, financial misconduct, obstruction of an investigation or controlled substances, or has been subject to any judgment, stipulation, order or decree of, or criminal or civil fine or penalty imposed by, any Governmental Authority related to fraud, theft, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary responsibility, financial misconduct, obstruction of an investigation or controlled substances. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any individual who is an officer, director, employee or manager of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct including but not limited to any misrepresentation to any Governmental Authority or that has otherwise resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a debarment or exclusion (i) under 21 U.S.C. Section 335a, or (ii) any similar applicable Requirement of Law. No debarment proceedings or investigations in respect of the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any individual who is an officer, director, employee or manager of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(i) All studies, tests and preclinical and clinical trials conducted relating to the Products, sponsored by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have been conducted, and are currently being conducted, in all material respects in accordance with all applicable Requirement of Law and IDEs, including procedures and controls pursuant to, where applicable, current good clinical practices and current good laboratory practices and other applicable laws, rules regulations. To the extent required by applicable Requirement Law, the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has obtained all necessary authorizations from Governmental Authorities and IECs, including an IDE for the conduct of any clinical investigations conducted by or on behalf of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable. 

(j) To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, none of the clinical investigators in any clinical trial sponsored by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has been or is disqualified or otherwise 

95 
 NY-2463280 
 
 sanctioned by the FDA, the Department of Health and Human Services, or any Governmental Authority and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no such disqualification, or other sanction of any such clinical investigator is pending or threatened. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received from the FDA or other applicable Governmental Authority any notices or correspondence requiring or threatening the termination, suspension, material modification or clinical hold of any studies, tests or clinical trials with respect to or in connection with the Products. 
 
 (k) The Group Members are, to the extent directly applicable to the Group Members, currently conducting its business in material compliance with all regulations promulgated under HIPAA. To the extent the Group Members create any de-identified protected health information, the Group Members do so in compliance with the HIPAA regulations. The Group Members have not failed to notify any individual or required third party, including any appropriate Governmental Authority, of an event that triggered a notification or reporting requirement under any contract to which a Group Member is a party, or any applicable requirement related to the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of protected health information. The Group Members have no knowledge of any complaints to or investigations by any Governmental Authority with respect to HIPAA compliance by the Group Members, have not received any notice or audit request from the United States Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights, is currently conducting their businesses in material compliance with all applicable laws governing the privacy, security or confidentiality of protected health information and/or other records generated in the course of providing or paying for health care services, including without limitation, all laws to the extent not preempted by HIPAA, and has conducted its businesses in material compliance with such laws since such laws first became applicable to it. 

4.24 Insurance . All insurance maintained by the Loan Parties is in full force and effect, all premiums have been duly paid, no Loan Party has received notice of violation or cancellation thereof, and there exists no default under any requirement of such insurance beyond any applicable grace period (in each case, except to the extent such default could not reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Lenders or result in cancellation of such party or a reduction in coverage thereunder). Each Loan Party maintains insurance with what, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, are financially sound and reputable insurance companies on its property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability, product liability, and business interruption) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business. 

4.25 No Casualty . No Loan Party has received any notice of, nor does any Loan Party have any knowledge of, the occurrence or pendency or contemplation of any Casualty Event affecting its property that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.26 [Reserved] . 

4.27 [Reserved] . 

4.28 OFAC . No Group Member, nor, to the knowledge of any such Group Member, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate, advisor or representative thereof, is an individual or an entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that is (a) currently the subject of any Sanctions, or (b) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 

4.29 Anti-Corruption Laws . Each Group Member has conducted its businesses in compliance in all material respects with applicable anti-corruption laws and has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 

96 
 NY-2463280 
 
 4.30 Affected Financial Institution . No Group Member is an Affected Financial Institution. 

SECTION 5 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 5.1 Conditions to Effectiveness and Initial Extension of Credit . This Agreement shall be effective and valid and binding on each party hereto, subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions on or prior to the Closing Date: 

(a) Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender listed on Schedule 1.1A; 

(ii) the Collateral Information Certificate, executed by a Responsible 

Officer; 
 
 (iii) if required by any Term Lender, a Term Loan Note executed by the Borrower in favor of such Term Lender; 

(iv) if required by any Revolving Lender, a Revolving Loan Note executed by the Borrower in favor of such Revolving Lender; 

(v) if required by the Swingline Lender, the Swingline Loan Note executed by the Borrower in favor of such Swingline Lender; 

(vi) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, executed and delivered by each 

Grantor named therein; 
 
 (vii) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, executed by the applicable Grantor related thereto; 

(viii) [reserved]. 

(ix) each other Security Document, executed and delivered by the applicable Loan Party party thereto; and 

(x) the Flow of Funds Agreement. 

(b) Pro Forma Financial Statements; Financial Statements; Projections. The Lenders shall have received the Projected Pro Forma Financial Statements, and the other financial statements described in Section 4.1. 

(c) Approvals. All Governmental Approvals and consents and approvals of, or notices to, any other Person (including the holders of any Capital Stock issued by any Loan Party) required in connection with the execution and performance of the Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect. 

97 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (d) Secretary s or Managing Member s Certificates; Certified Operating Documents; Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date and executed by the Secretary, Managing Member or equivalent officer of such Loan Party, substantially in the form of Exhibit C , with appropriate insertions and attachments, including (A) the Operating Documents of such Loan Party certified, in the case of formation documents, as of a recent date by the secretary of state or similar official of the relevant jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, (B) the relevant board resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party adopted by such Loan Party for the purposes of authorizing such Loan Party to enter into and perform the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is party and (C) the names, titles, incumbency and signature specimens of those representatives of such Loan Party who have been authorized by such resolutions and/or written consents to execute Loan Documents on behalf of such Loan Party, (ii) a long form good standing certificate for each Loan Party certified as of a recent date from its respective jurisdiction of organization and (iii) a certificate of foreign qualification certified as of a recent date from each jurisdiction where the failure of any Loan Party to be qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Responsible Officer s Certificates. 

(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required. 

(f) Patriot Act, etc. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received, prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information reasonably requested to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, and a properly completed and signed IRS Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable, for each Loan Party. 

(g) No Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h) [Reserved] . 

(i) Responsible Officer s Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer, dated as of the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 5.2(a) and 

(e) have been satisfied, and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since December 31, 2020 that has had or that could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (j) Payoff Letters, Etc. (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received the Payoff Letter duly executed by the parties thereto, (ii) all obligations of the Group Members in respect of the Existing Credit Facilities shall, substantially contemporaneously with the funding of certain Loan proceeds on the Closing Date directly to the Existing Agent, as contemplated by the Flow of Funds Agreement, have been paid in full, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be satisfied that all actions necessary to terminate the agreements evidencing the obligations of the Group Members in respect of the Existing Credit Facilities and the Liens of the Existing Agent in the assets of the Group Members securing obligations under the Existing Credit Facilities shall have been, or substantially 

98 
 NY-2463280 
 
 contemporaneously with the Closing Date, shall be, taken, and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents and information related to the Existing Credit Facilities and the refinancing thereof as it may reasonably request. 
 
 (k) Collateral Matters. 

(i) Lien Searches . The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of recent lien, judgment and litigation searches reasonably required by the Administrative Agent, and such searches shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for Liens permitted by Section 7.3 , or Liens to be discharged on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Payoff Letter or other documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Pledged Stock; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent shall have received (A) the certificates representing the shares of Capital Stock pledged to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, if any, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (B) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 

(iii) Filings, Registrations, Recordings, Agreements, Etc. Each document (including any UCC financing statements, Intellectual Property Security Agreements, Deposit Account Control Agreements, Securities Account Control Agreements) required by the Security Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right and priority to any Lien in the Collateral held by any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.3 ), shall have been executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent or, as applicable, be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 

(l) Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of customary insurance naming the Administrative Agent as an additional insured and/or lender loss payee, as the case may be, under all property and liability insurance policies maintained with respect to the Collateral. 

(m) Fees . The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date (including pursuant to the Fee Letter), and all reasonable and documented fees and expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Administrative Agent) for payment on or before the Closing Date. All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Closing Date and will be reflected in the Flow of Funds Agreement. 

(n) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal opinion of Foley Hoag LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(o) [Reserved]. 

(p) Closing Date Leverage. The Group Members Consolidated Total Net Leverage shall not exceed 1.50:1.00 after giving effect to the funding of the initial Loans on the Closing Date and 

99 
 NY-2463280 
 
 to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including payment in full of the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 (q) Borrowing Notice . The Administrative Agent shall have received, in respect of the Term Loans to be made on the Closing Date, a completed Notice of Borrowing executed by the Borrower and otherwise complying with the requirements of Section 2.2 . 

(r) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Solvency Certificate from the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower. 

(s) No Material Adverse Effect . There shall not have occurred since December 31, 2020, any event or condition that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 5.1 , each Lender that has made available to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date such Lender s Revolving Percentage or Term Percentage, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter either sent (or made available) by the Administrative Agent to such Lender for consent, approval, acceptance or satisfaction, or required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to such Lender. 
 
 5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit . The agreement of each Lender to make any extension of credit requested to be made by it on any date (including its initial extension of credit, but excluding any Revolving Loan Conversion and any conversion or continuation of Loans pursuant to Section 2.13 is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by each Loan Party in or pursuant to any Loan Document (i) that is qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) that is not qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or all respects, as applicable) as of such earlier date, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2.27 . 

(b) Pro Forma Covenant Compliance . The Borrower shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.1 hereof as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1, with the aggregate outstanding amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit calculated on a pro forma basis giving effect to such requested Revolving Extension of Credit. 

(c) Availability. With respect to any requests for any Revolving Extensions of Credit, after giving effect to such Revolving Extension of Credit, the availability and borrowing limitations specified in Section 2.4 shall be complied with. 

(d) Notices of Borrowing. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing in connection with any such request for extension of credit which complies with the requirements hereof. 

(e) No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of or on such date or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on 

100 
 NY-2463280 
 
 such date and the use of proceeds thereof (other than in connection with Limited Condition Acquisitions as set forth in Section 2.27 , in which case there shall be (i) no Default or Event of Default as of the LCA Test Date and (ii) no Event of Default under Section 8.1(a) or (f) as of or on the date of such extension of credit or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date and the use of proceeds thereof). 
 
 Each borrowing by and issuance of a Letter of Credit on behalf of the Borrower hereunder, each Revolving Loan Conversion and each conversion of a Term Loan shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as of the date of such extension of credit, Revolving Loan Conversion or conversion of a Term Loan, as applicable, that the conditions contained in this Section 5.2 have been satisfied. 
 
 5.3 Post-Closing Conditions Subsequent . The Borrower shall satisfy each of the conditions subsequent to the Closing Date specified in this Section 5.3 to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, in each case, by no later than the date specified for such condition below (or such later date as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion): 

(a) on or before the date which is 45 days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered landlord waivers in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and executed by the applicable landlord for each of the following locations: (w) the Borrower s chief executive office, (x) the Borrower s Alabama location, (y) the Borrower s Norwood, MA location and (z) each of the Borrower s other Canton, MA locations; 

(b) on or before the date which is twenty days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered supplements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the (i) Collateral Information Certificate, and (ii) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement with respect to the Loan Parties Intellectual Property registered outside of the United States; 

(c) on or before the date which is thirty days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered an amendment to Article VI, Section 1 of the By-Laws of Organogenesis Inc. in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and 

(d) on or before the date which is thirty days after the Closing Date, to the extent not delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date, deliver to the Administrative Agent insurance certificates and endorsements satisfying the requirements of Section 6.6 hereof and Section 5.2(b) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 6 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 Borrower hereby agrees that, at all times prior to the Discharge of Obligations, each of the Loan Parties shall, and, where applicable, shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: 
 
 6.1 Financial Statements . Furnish to the Administrative Agent, for distribution to each 

Lender: 
 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within (i) ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower or (ii) if the Borrower has been granted an extension by the SEC with respect to any fiscal year of the Borrower permitting the late filing by the Borrower of any annual report on form 10-K (including pursuant to Rule 12b-25), the later of (x) 90 days after the end of such fiscal 

101 
 NY-2463280 
 
 year of the Borrower and (y) the last day of such extension period, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related audited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit (other than solely with respect to, or resulting solely from an upcoming maturity date under this Agreement or other Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.2 occurring within one year from the time such report is delivered), by any Big Four accounting firm, or any other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and 
 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event within (i) forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower or (ii) if the Borrower has been granted an extension by the SEC with respect to any fiscal quarter of the Borrower permitting the late filing by the Borrower of any annual report on form 10-Q (including pursuant to Rule 12b-25), the later of (x) 45 days after the end of such fiscal quarter of the Borrower and (y) the last day of such extension period, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such fiscal quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects. 

All such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed in reasonable detail therein, and in the case of quarterly financials, except for the absence of footnotes and subject to year-end adjustments) consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods. 
 
 Additionally, information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 6.1 and Section 6.2(e) (to the extent any such information is included in forms 10-K or 10-Q or otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which Borrower posts such information, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed in Section 10.2 ; (ii) when such information is posted electronically on the Borrower s behalf on an internet or intranet website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), if any; or (iii) on which Borrower files such form 10-K, form 10-Q or other report, as applicable, with the SEC and such documents are publicly available on the SEC s EDGAR filing system or any successor thereto, if any; provided that, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), (A) the Borrower shall deliver copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent upon its request to the Borrower to deliver such copies until written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (B) the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above., and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents, 
 
 6.2 Certificates; Reports; Other Information . Furnish to the Administrative Agent, for distribution to each Lender: 

(a) [reserved]; 

102 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (b) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1 , (x) a Compliance Certificate containing all information and calculations necessary for determining compliance with any applicable financial covenant set forth in this Agreement referred to therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as the case may be, and (y) to the extent not previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, a description of any change in the jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party, and (z) a list of any registered Intellectual Property issued to, applied for or acquired by any Loan Party since the date of the most recent report delivered pursuant to this clause (b) (or, in the case of the first such report so delivered, since the Closing Date); 

(c) as soon as available, and in any event no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a detailed board approved consolidated budget for the following fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of each fiscal quarter of such fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow and projected income and a description of the underlying assumptions applicable thereto), and, as soon as available, and in any event no later than fifteen (15) days thereafter, significant revisions, if any, of such budget and projections (collectively, the Projections ), which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that such Projections are based on estimates, information and assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable, and that such Responsible Officer has no reason to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect (it being understood that Projections are not to be viewed as fact and that actual results may differ by a material amount); 

(d) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Group Member, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Group Member (other than routine comment letters from the staff of the SEC relating to the Borrower s filings with the SEC); 

(e) within five (5) Business Days after the same are sent, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other material report that any Group Member sends to the holders of any class of its Indebtedness or public equity securities and, within five (5) Business Days after the same are filed, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any Group Member may file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or with any national securities exchange, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 

(f) upon request by the Administrative Agent, within five (5) days after the same are sent or received, copies of all correspondence, reports, documents and other filings with any Governmental Authority regarding compliance with or maintenance of Governmental Approvals or Requirements of Law (including any Healthcare Laws) that, in each case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(g) promptly upon receipt by any Group Member obtaining knowledge of the following, written notice thereof prepared in reasonable detail that any Group Member has become subject to any federal, state, local governmental or civil or criminal investigations or audits involving or related to its compliance with Healthcare Laws (including, without limitation, an inquiry or investigation of any Person having ownership, financial or control interest (as that phrase is defined in 42 C.F.R. 

420.201 et seq.) in any in any Group Member (other than routine audits in the ordinary course of business that are not the result of any actual or alleged violations of Healthcare Laws) that could reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Members, taken as a whole; 

103 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (h) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.1(a) , updated certificates evidencing insurance coverage required to be maintained pursuant to Section 6.6 , together with any supplemental reports with respect thereto which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and 

(i) promptly, such additional financial and other information as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may from time to time reasonably request. 

6.3 [Reserved]. 

6.4 Payment of Obligations; Taxes . (a) Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent (after giving effect to any extensions granted or grace periods in effect), as the case may be, all of its material obligations (including all Taxes) of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member. (b) File or cause to be filed all federal and state income and all other material tax returns that are required to be filed by the relevant Group Member under applicable law. 

6.5 Maintenance of Existence; Compliance . a)(i) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain or obtain all Governmental Approvals and all other rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business or necessary for the performance by such Person of its Obligations under any Loan Document, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 7.4 and except, in the case of clause (ii) above, to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) comply with all Contractual Obligations (including with respect to leasehold interests of the Borrower) and Requirements of Law (including any Healthcare Laws) except to the extent that failure to comply therewith would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) comply with all Governmental Approvals, and any term, condition, rule, filing or fee obligation, or other requirement related thereto, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to: (1) maintain each Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or other Federal or state law; (2) cause each Qualified Plan to maintain its qualified status under Section 401(a) of the Code; (3) make all required contributions to any Plan; (4) not become a party to any Multiemployer Plan; 

(5) ensure that all liabilities under each Plan are either (x) funded to at least the minimum level required 
 by law or, if higher, to the level required by the terms governing such Plan; (y) insured with a reputable insurance company; or (z) provided for or recognized in the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto; and (6) ensure that the contributions or premium payments to or in respect of each Plan are and continue to be promptly paid at no less than the rates required under the rules of such Plan and in accordance with the most recent actuarial advice received in relation to such Plan and applicable law. 
 
 6.6 Maintenance of Property; Insurance . (a) Keep all tangible property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty loss excepted, and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its material property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general geographic area by companies that are engaged in the same or a similar business. 

6.7 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions . (a) Keep proper books of records and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all Requirements of Law shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and 

104 
 NY-2463280 
 
 activities; and (b) at reasonable times on five (5) Business Days notice (provided no notice is required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Group Members with officers, directors and employees of the Group Members and with their independent certified public accountants; provided that such inspections at the Borrower s expense shall not be undertaken more frequently once every twelve (12) months, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such inspections and audits at the Borrower s expense shall occur as often as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine is necessary. 
 
 6.8 Notices. Give prompt written notice to the Administrative Agent of: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) litigation, investigation or proceeding that may exist at any time between any Group Member and any Governmental Authority that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) any litigation or proceeding affecting any Group Member (i) in which the amount involved is 5,000,000 or more and not covered by insurance, (ii) in which injunctive or similar relief is sought against any Group Member that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) which relates to any Loan Document; 

(d) (i) promptly after the Borrower has knowledge or becomes aware of the occurrence of any of the following ERISA Events affecting the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate (but in no event more than ten days after such event), the occurrence of any of the following events, and shall provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of any notice with respect to such event that may be required to be filed with a Governmental Authority and any notice delivered by a Governmental Authority to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to such event: (A) an ERISA Event, 

(B) the adoption of any new Pension Plan by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, (C) the adoption of any amendment to a Pension Plan, if such amendment will result in a material increase in benefits or unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), or (D) the commencement of contributions by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to any Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code; and; 
 
 (ii) (A) promptly after the giving, sending or filing thereof, or the receipt thereof, copies of (1) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates with the IRS with respect to each Pension Plan, (2) all notices received by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning an ERISA Event, and (3) copies of such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request; and (B), without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such certifications or other evidence of compliance with the provisions of Sections 4.13 and 7.9 as any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may from time to time reasonably request; 
 
 (e) promptly after the Borrower or any other Loan Party has acquired any property (to the extent included in the definition of Collateral) after the Closing Date (other than (x) any property described in Sections 6.12(b) , (c) or (d) and (y) any property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g) having a fair market value in excess of 500,000, as to which the Administrative Agent, 

105 
 NY-2463280 
 
 for the benefit of the Secured Parties, does not have a perfected Lien, Borrower shall provide a notice of the acquisition of such property to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (f) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by 

any Loan Party; 
 
 (g) at any time Borrower is not a public company or an issuer of securities that are registered with the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act or is required to file reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, any changes to the beneficial ownership information set forth in the most recently delivered Beneficial Ownership Certification; the Loan Parties understand and acknowledge that the Secured Parties rely on such true, accurate and up-to-date beneficial ownership information to meet their regulatory obligations to obtain, verify and record information about the beneficial owners of their legal entity customers; and 

(h) any development or event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.8 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the relevant Group Member proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 
 6.9 Environmental Laws. 

(a) Comply in all material respects with, and use reasonable and customary efforts to ensure compliance in all material respects by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, and use reasonable and customary efforts to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, any and all licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws. 

(b) Conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other actions required under Environmental Laws and promptly comply in all material respects with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws. 

6.10 Operating Accounts . Except as otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, at all times until the Discharge of Obligations, maintain all of the Borrower s and its Domestic Subsidiaries primary domestic operating accounts and investment accounts with SVB or an Affiliate thereof and all other domestic operating accounts and investment accounts with any Lender or an Affiliate thereof; provided , however, that the Borrower may maintain non-primary deposit and investment accounts with third parties so long as the aggregate amount in all such accounts does not exceed 15,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 

6.11 [Reserved] . 

6.12 Additional Collateral, Etc. 

(a) With respect to any property (to the extent included in the definition of Collateral) acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party (other than (x) any property described in paragraph (b), (c) or (d) below and (y) any property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g) ), as to which the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, does not have a 

106 
 NY-2463280 
 
 perfected Lien, promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion) to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or such other documents as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary or advisable to evidence that such Loan Party is a Guarantor and to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in such property and (ii) take all actions necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority (except as expressly permitted by Section 7.3 security interest and Lien in such property, including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement (or any comparable foreign collateral document) or by law or as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (b) With respect to any fee interest in any real property having a fair market value (together with improvements thereof) of at least 5,000,000 (or such greater amount as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party (other than any such real property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g) ), promptly (and in any event within sixty (60) days (or such longer time period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion)) after such acquisition, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, (i) execute and deliver a first priority Mortgage, in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, covering such real property, (ii) if requested by the Administrative Agent, provide the Lenders with title and extended coverage insurance covering such real property in an amount not in excess of the fair market value as reasonably estimated by the Borrower as well as a current ALTA survey thereof, together with a surveyor s certificate, each of the foregoing in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (iii) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. In connection with the foregoing, no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which a Mortgage is executed and delivered pursuant to this Section 6.12 , in order to comply with the Flood Laws, the Administrative Agent (for delivery to each Lender) shall have received the following documents (collectively, the Flood Documents ): (A) a completed standard life of loan flood hazard determination form (a Flood Determination Form and such other documents as any Lender may reasonably request to complete its flood due diligence, (B) if the improvement(s) to the applicable improved real property is located in a special flood hazard area, a notification to the applicable Loan Party (if applicable) Loan Party Notice that flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program NFIP is not available because the community does not participate in the NFIP, 

(C) documentation evidencing the applicable Loan Party s receipt of any such Loan Party Notice (e.g., 
 countersigned Loan Party Notice, return receipt of certified U.S. Mail, or overnight delivery), and (D) if the Loan Party Notice is required to be given and, to the extent flood insurance is required by any applicable Requirement of Law or any Lenders written regulatory or compliance procedures and flood insurance is available in the community in which the property is located, a copy of one of the following: the flood insurance policy, the applicable Loan Party s application for a flood insurance policy plus proof of premium payment, a declaration page confirming that flood insurance has been issued, or such other evidence of flood insurance that complies with all applicable laws and regulations reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (any of the foregoing being Evidence of Flood Insurance ). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Mortgage will be executed and delivered until each Lender has confirmed to the Administrative Agent that such Lender has satisfactorily completed its flood insurance due diligence and compliance requirements. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that, if there are any Mortgaged Properties, any increase, extension or renewal of any of the Commitments, including the provision of any Incremental Facility, but excluding (i) any continuation or conversion of borrowings, (ii) the making of any Revolving Loans or 

107 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Swingline Loans or (iii) the issuance, renewal or extension of Letters of Credit) shall be subject to (and conditioned upon): (A) the prior delivery of all applicable Flood Documents with respect to such Mortgaged Properties as required by the Flood Laws and as otherwise reasonably required by the Lenders and (B) the Administrative Agent having received written confirmation from each Lenders that such Lender has satisfactorily completed its flood insurance due diligence and compliance requirements. 
 
 (c) With respect to any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) created or acquired (including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment) after the Closing Date by any Loan Party, or Subsidiary formed by Division or any Subsidiary no longer qualifying as an Excluded Subsidiary promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days (or such longer time period as the Administrative Agent may determine in its sole discretion)) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary or advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security interest and Lien in the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary that is owned directly by such Loan Party, (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent such documents and instruments as may be reasonably required to grant, perfect, protect and ensure the priority of such security interest, including but not limited to, the certificates representing such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the relevant Loan Party, (iii) cause such Subsidiary (A) to become a party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, (B) to take such actions as are necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to grant to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a perfected first priority security interest and Lien in the Collateral described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, with respect to such Subsidiary, including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or by law or as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (C) to deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of such Subsidiary of the type described in Section 5.1 , in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with appropriate insertions and attachments, and (iv) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which opinions shall be in customary form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) With respect to any new first-tier Excluded Foreign Subsidiary created or acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party, promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days (or such longer period of time as the Administrative Agent may determine in its sole discretion)) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, as the Administrative Agent deems necessary or advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security interest and Lien in the Capital Stock of such new Excluded Foreign Subsidiary that is owned by any such Loan Party provided that Capital Stock that possess more than 66 of the total combined voting power of all outstanding classes of stock entitled to vote (within the meaning of Section 1.956-2(c)(2) of the Treasury Regulations, and taking into account all other direct or indirect pledges by the Borrower of the voting Capital Stock of such Excluded Foreign Subsidiary) of any such new first-tier Excluded Foreign Subsidiary shall not be required be so pledged if such pledge would, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, reasonably be expected to result in material adverse tax consequences to any Group Member, and in no event shall any Capital Stock of any lower-tier Excluded Foreign Subsidiary be so pledged), (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent the certificates (if any) representing such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the relevant Loan Party, and take such other action as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable to perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest therein, and (iii) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which 

108 
 NY-2463280 
 
 opinions shall be in customary form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (e) At the request of the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a landlord s agreement or bailee letter, as applicable, from the lessor of each leased property or bailee with respect to any warehouse, processor or converter facility or other location where Collateral with a fair market value in excess of 5,000,000 is stored or located or any property representing the Borrower s corporate headquarters, which agreement or letter shall contain a waiver or subordination of all Liens or claims that the landlord or bailee may assert against the Collateral at that location, and shall otherwise be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent. 

6.13 Licensee Consent . Prior to entering into or becoming bound by any exclusive inbound Intellectual Property license or agreement (other than over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public), the failure, breach, or termination of which would reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, the applicable Loan Party shall: (a) provide written notice to the Administrative Agent of the material terms of such license or agreement; and (b) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent or waiver is necessary for (i) the applicable Loan Party s interest in such licenses or contract rights to be deemed Collateral and for the Administrative Agent to have a security interest in it that might otherwise be restricted by the terms of the applicable license or agreement, whether now existing or entered into in the future, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to have the ability in the event of a liquidation of any Collateral to dispose of such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

6.14 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of each credit extension only for the purposes specified in Section 4.16 . 

6.15 Designated Senior Indebtedness . Cause the Loan Documents and all of the Obligations to be deemed Designated Senior Indebtedness or a similar concept thereto for purposes of any other Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Loan Parties, to the extent that the agreements governing such other Indebtedness includes such concept. 

6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions . Conduct its business in compliance in all material respects with applicable Sanctions, with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and any other applicable anti-corruption laws, and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers and employees with such laws. 

6.17 Further Assurances . Execute any further instruments and take such further action as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary to perfect, protect, ensure the priority of or continue the Administrative Agent s Lien on the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 

SECTION 7 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 Borrower hereby agrees that, at all times prior to the Discharge of Obligations, no Loan Party shall, nor shall any Loan Party permit any of its respective Subsidiaries, to, directly or indirectly: 

109 
 NY-2463280 
 
 7.1 Financial Condition Covenants. 

(a) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as at the last day of any period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Group Members, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021, to be less than 1.25:1.00. 

(b) Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as at the last day of any period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Group Members, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021, to exceed the ratio set forth below opposite such quarter: 

Trailing Four (4) Fiscal Quarters Ending 
 
 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio 

September 30, 2021 
 
 3.50:1.00 

December 31, 2021 
 
 3.50:1.00 

March 31, 2022 
 
 3.50:1.00 

June 30, 2022 
 
 3.50:1.00 

September 30, 2022 
 
 3.50:1.00 

December 31, 2022 
 
 3.25:1.00 

March 31, 2023 
 
 3.25:1.00 

June 30, 2023 
 
 3.25:1.00 

September 30, 2023 
 
 3.25:1.00 

December 31, 2023 and each fiscal quarter thereafter 
 
 3.00:1.00 

110 
 NY-2463280 

7.2 Indebtedness . Create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness of any Loan Party (i) pursuant to any Loan Document and (ii) under any Cash Management Agreement; 

(b) Indebtedness of (i) any Loan Party owing to any other Loan Party; (ii) any Group Member (which is not a Loan Party) owing to any other Group Member (which is not a Loan Party); (iii) any Group Member (which is not a Loan Party) owing to any Loan Party, which constitutes an Investment permitted by Sections 7.8(f)(iii) ; and (iv) any Loan Party owing to any Group Member (which 

111 
 NY-2463280 
 
 is not a Loan Party); provided that such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (c) Guarantee Obligations (i) of any Loan Party of the Indebtedness of any other Loan Party; (ii) of any Group Member (which is not a Loan Party) of the Indebtedness of any Loan Party; 

(iii) by any Group Member (which is not a Loan Party) of the Indebtedness of any other Group Member (which is not a Loan Party) or (iv) of any Loan Party of the Indebtedness of any Group Member that is not a Loan Party, so long as the aggregate amount of such Guarantee Obligations is an Investment permitted by Sections 7.8(f)(iii) ; provided that, in any case of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), the underlying Indebtedness so guaranteed is otherwise permitted by the terms hereof; 
 
 (d) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.2(d) and any extensions of the maturity thereof without any other change in terms adverse to the Lenders in any material respect; 

(e) Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money financing) secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.3(g) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 

5,000,000 at any one time outstanding); 
 
 (f) Surety Indebtedness and any other Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, banker s acceptances or similar arrangements, provided that the aggregate amount of any such Indebtedness outstanding at any time shall not exceed 2,500,000; 

(g) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing worker s compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits (other than ERISA) pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) Indebtedness of the Group Members in an aggregate principal amount, for all such Indebtedness taken together, not to exceed 5,000,000 at any one time outstanding; 

(i) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries existing or arising under any Specified Swap Agreement, provided that such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in accordance with Section 7.13 and not for purposes of speculation; 

(j) Indebtedness of a Person (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary) existing at the time such Person is merged with or into a Borrower or a Subsidiary or becomes a Subsidiary, provided that (i) such Indebtedness was not, in any case, incurred by such other Person in connection with, or in contemplation of, such merger or acquisition, (ii) such merger or acquisition constitutes a Permitted Acquisition, (iii) with respect to any such Person who becomes a Subsidiary, (A) such Subsidiary is the only obligor in respect of such Indebtedness, and (B) to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be secured hereunder, only the assets of such Subsidiary secure such Indebtedness, and (iv) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed 2,500,000 at any time outstanding; 

(k) Indebtedness in the form of purchase price adjustments, earn outs, deferred compensation, deferred purchase price, seller notes, or other arrangements representing acquisition consideration or deferred payments of a similar nature incurred in connection with Investments permitted by Section 7.8 ; provided that the amount of such obligation shall be deemed part of the cost of such Investment (the amount of which shall be deemed to be the amount required to be accrued as a liability in accordance with GAAP or the amount actually paid); 

112 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (l) Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of business; and 

(m) Accrued Rent Obligations. 

7.3 Liens .	Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except: 

(a) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Group Member in conformity with GAAP; 

(b) carriers , warehousemen s, landlord s, worker s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 

(c) pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and social security or similar legislation; 

(d) pledges or deposits to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than for indebtedness or any Liens arising under ERISA); 

(e) covenants, conditions, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions, building codes and other similar encumbrances that, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Group Member; 

(f) Liens in existence on the date hereof listed on Schedule 7.3(f) and any Liens granted as a replacement or substitute therefor; provided that (i) no such Lien is spread to cover any additional property after the Closing Date, (ii) the amount of Indebtedness secured or benefitted thereby is not increased, (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured thereby is permitted by Section 7.2(d) ; 

(g) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(e) to finance the acquisition, improvement, repair, lease or construction of fixed or capital assets; provided that (i) such Liens shall be created substantially simultaneously with, or within ninety (90) days after, the acquisition, improvement, repair, lease or construction of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such property) other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits; provided that, individual financings permitted hereunder of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender, (iii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased unless such increased Indebtedness is permitted hereunder, and (iv) such Liens do not encumber the real property located at Dan Road in Canton, Massachusetts; 

(h) Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents; 

(i) (x) any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under any lease, sublease, license or sublicense entered into by a Group Member in the ordinary course of its 

113 
 NY-2463280 
 
 business and covering only the assets so leased or licensed and customary rights attendant thereto, (y) leases, licenses, subleases and sublicenses of real property granted to others in the ordinary course of business and (z) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (j) Liens arising from attachments or judgments, orders or decrees in circumstances that do not constitute a Default or an Event of Default; 

(k) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash, Cash Equivalents, securities, commodities and other funds on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by a Group Member, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business in favor of banks, other depositary institutions, securities or commodities intermediaries or brokerages with which such accounts are maintained securing amounts owing to such banks or financial institutions with respect to cash management and operating account management or are arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection or otherwise as occurring as a matter of law; 

(l) (i) cash deposits and liens on cash and Cash Equivalents pledged to secure Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2(f) , (ii) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit permitted by Section 7.2(f) that encumber documents and other property relating to such letters of credit, and (iii) Liens securing Obligations under any Specified Swap Agreements permitted by Section 7.2(i) ; 

(m) Liens on property of a Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, merged into or consolidated with a Group Member or becomes a Subsidiary of a Group Member or acquired by a Group Member; provided that (i) such Liens were not created in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, consolidation or Investment, (ii) such Liens do not extend to any assets other than those of such Person, and (iii) the applicable Indebtedness secured by such Lien is permitted under Section 7.2 ; 

(n) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (m) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Indebtedness secured thereby; 

(o) Liens on insurance proceeds in favor of insurance companies granted solely to secure financed insurance premiums; 

(p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure the payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(q) Liens on any earnest money deposits consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition in connection with an acquisition of property not otherwise prohibited hereunder; and 

(r) other Liens securing obligations in an outstanding amount not to exceed 

2,500,000 at any time. 
 
 7.4 Fundamental Changes .	Consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, Division, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such 

114 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Division or allocation) or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of all or substantially all of its property or business, except that: 
 
 (a) (i) any Group Member that is not a Loan Party may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into (A) any Loan Party (provided that a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or the continuing or surviving Person shall become a Loan Party substantially contemporaneous with such merger, amalgamation or consolidation) or (B) any Group Member that is not a Loan Party, and (ii) any Loan Party may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into with any other Loan Party (provided that if such merger, amalgamation or consolidation involves the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person); 

(b) (i) any Group Member that is not a Loan Party may Dispose of any or all of its assets (including upon voluntary liquidation, dissolution or otherwise) (A) to any other Group Member or 

(B) pursuant to a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5 and (ii) any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may Dispose of any or all of its assets (including upon voluntary liquidation, dissolution or otherwise) 
 (A) to any other Loan Party or (B) pursuant to a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5 ; and 
 
 (c) any Investment expressly permitted by Section 7.8 may be structured as a merger, consolidation or amalgamation. 

7.5 Disposition of Property . Dispose of any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or, in the case of any Subsidiary, issue or sell any shares of such Subsidiary s Capital Stock to any Person, except: 

(a) Dispositions of (i) obsolete or worn out property in the ordinary course of business; and/or (ii) the early termination of motor vehicle lease agreements in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) Dispositions of Inventory and non-exclusive licenses in the ordinary course of 

business; 
 
 (c) Dispositions permitted by Sections 7.4(b)(i)(A) and (b)(ii)(A) ; 

(d) the sale or issuance of the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of the Borrower (i) to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or (ii) by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or (iii) in connection with any transaction that does not result in a Change of Control; 

(e) the use or transfer of money, cash or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; 

(f) the Disposition of property (i) from any Loan Party to any other Loan Party, and 

(ii) from any Group Member (which is not a Loan Party) to any other Group Member; provided that in each case in which there is a Lien over the relevant property in favor of the Administrative Agent in advance of the Disposition, an equivalent Lien will be granted to the Administrative Agent by the Group Member which acquires the property; 
 
 (g) Dispositions of property subject to a Casualty Event; 

(h) leases or subleases of real property; 

115 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (i) the sale, transfer, disposition or discount without recourse of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof; 

(j) any abandonment, cancellation, non-renewal or discontinuance of use or maintenance of Intellectual Property (or rights relating thereto) of any Group Member that the Borrower determines in good faith is desirable in the conduct of its business and not materially disadvantageous to the interests of the Lenders; 

(k) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.6 , Investments permitted by Section 

7.8 and Liens permitted by Section 7.3 ; 
 
 (l) Dispositions of other property having a fair market value not to exceed 

7,500,000 in the aggregate for any fiscal year of the Group Members, provided that at the time of any such Disposition, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such Disposition; and provided further that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof are used to prepay the Term Loans or the Revolving Loans, as applicable, in accordance with Section 2.12(e); 
 
 provided , however , that any Disposition made pursuant to this Section 7.5 (other than (w) Restricted Payments, (x) Dispositions solely between Loan Parties, (y) Dispositions solely between Group Members that are not Loan Parties or (z) Dispositions between a Loan Party and a Group Member that is not a Loan Party in which the terms thereof in favor of a Loan Party are at least arm s length terms) shall be made in good faith on an arm s length basis for fair value. 
 
 7.6 Restricted Payments . Make any payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, or redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance (including in-substance or legal defeasance), sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Indebtedness, pay any earn-out payment, seller debt or deferred purchase payments, declare or pay any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Person making such dividend) on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Group Member, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of any Group Member (collectively, Restricted Payments ), except that: 

(a) any Group Member may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party, and any Group Member that is not a Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any other Group Member; 

(b) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such purchase or would arise after giving effect thereto, each Group Member may purchase common stock or common stock options from present or former officers, directors, employees or consultants of any Group Member upon the death, disability or termination of employment of such person or otherwise in accordance with any stock option or stock appreciation rights plan or any stock ownership or subscription plan or equity incentive or other similar plan or termination agreement; provided that the aggregate amount of payments made under this clause shall not exceed 2,500,000 during any fiscal year of the Group Members ; 

(c) any Group Member may make payments in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness to the extent expressly permitted by the subordination provisions in the applicable Subordinated Debt 

116 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Documents and any subordination agreement with respect thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; 
 
 (d) (i) the Borrower may make cashless repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such repurchased Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants, and (ii) the Borrower may make repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon the withholding of a portion of the Capital Stock granted or awarded to a current or former officer, director, employee or consultant to pay for the taxes payable by such Person upon such grant or award (or upon vesting thereof); 

(e) each Group Member may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Capital Stock issued by it with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock); provided that any such issuance is otherwise permitted hereunder; 

(f) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of any such Restricted Payment or would result therefrom, Restricted Payments not to exceed 7,500,000 during any fiscal year of the Borrower; 

(g) dividends payable solely in Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) (including stock splits); and 

(h) payment of earn-out obligations, seller debt and deferred payment obligations with respect to Permitted Acquisitions so long as (i) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such payment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) immediately after giving effect to such payment, (A) the Group Members shall be in pro forma compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Section 7.1 and (B) the pro forma Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed the ratio that is 0.25x less than the applicable covenant level, in each case, as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered hereunder, and (iii) immediately after giving effect to such payment Liquidity shall be at least 

20,000,000. 
 
 7.7 [Reserved]. 

7.8 Investments . Make any advance, loan, extension of credit (by way of guarantee or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or purchase any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or make any other investment in, any Person (all of the foregoing, Investments ), except: 

(a) extensions of trade credit and advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(c) Guarantee Obligations permitted by Section 7.2 ; 

(d) loans and advances to employees, officers and directors of any Group Member 

(i) in the ordinary course of business (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses) in an aggregate amount for all Group Members not to exceed 500,000 at any one time outstanding or (ii) relating to the purchase of equity securities of the Borrower pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by the Borrower s board of directors in an aggregate amount of cash advanced 

117 
 NY-2463280 
 
 for all Group Members not to exceed 2,500,000 at any one time outstanding and loans to officers and former officers in existence on the date hereof listed on Schedule 7.8(d) ; 
 
 (e) Specified Swap Agreements permitted hereunder; 

(f) intercompany Investments by (i) any Loan Party in any other Loan Party, (ii) any Group Member that is not a Loan Party in any other Group Member, or (iii) any Loan Party in any Group Member that is not a Loan Party to the extent that (A) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, and (B) such Investments do not exceed 2,500,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding during the term of this Agreement; 

(g) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements of negotiable instruments for collection or deposit or similar transactions; 

(h) Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Group Member effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to such Group Member as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of such Group Member, or on settlement of any delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers or suppliers in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) Investments held by any Person as of the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, provided that (A) such Investments were not made, in any case, by such Person in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a Subsidiary, and (B) with respect to any such Person which becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such Permitted Acquisition, such Subsidiary remains the only holder of such Investment; 

(j) deposits made to secure the performance of leases, licenses or contracts in the ordinary course of business, and other deposits made in connection with the incurrence of Liens permitted under Section 7.3 ; 

(k) purchases or other acquisitions by any Group Member of the Capital Stock in a Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will be a Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger or consolidation) or all or substantially all of the assets of, or assets constituting one or more business units of, any Person (each, a Permitted Acquisition ); provided that, with respect to each such purchase or other acquisition: 

(i) the newly-created or acquired Subsidiary (or assets acquired in connection with such asset sale) shall be (A)(x) in the same or a related line of business as that conducted by the Borrower on the date hereof or (y) in a business that is permitted by Section 7.17 , and (B)(x) organized under the laws of the United States and engaged in business primarily conducted within the United States and which becomes a Loan Party (or Collateral in the case of assets acquired) or (y) of a Person organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States and engaged in business activities primarily conducted outside the United States which, subject to Section 6.12(d) , does not become a Loan Party (or Collateral in the case of assets acquired); provided that the total consideration (excluding Capital Stock of the Borrower that is not Disqualified Stock) paid in connection with all acquisitions pursuant to this clause (B)(y) shall not exceed 30,000,000 for any particular Permitted Acquisition and 40,000,000 in the aggregate for all such Permitted Acquisitions; provided further that the amounts set forth in this clause (B)(y) shall be a sublimit of and not in addition to the per acquisition and aggregate acquisition limits on consideration set forth in clause (xi) below; 

118 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (ii) all transactions related to such purchase or acquisition shall be consummated in all material respects in accordance with all Requirements of Law; 

(iii) no Loan Party shall, as a result of or in connection with any such purchase or acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation or other matters) that, as of the date of such purchase or acquisition, could reasonably be expected to result in the existence or incurrence of a Material Adverse Effect; 

(iv) the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at least twenty (20) Business Days prior written notice of any such purchase or acquisition; 

(v) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent as soon as available but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days (or such longer period as approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after the execution thereof, a copy of any executed purchase agreement or similar agreement with respect to any such purchase or acquisition; 

(vi) any such newly-created or acquired Subsidiary, or the Loan Party that is the acquirer of assets in connection with an asset acquisition, shall comply with any applicable requirements of Section 6.12 , 

(vii) Liquidity shall equal or exceed 20,000,000 as of the date the definitive agreements relating to any such acquisition or other purchase are executed (after giving effect, on a Pro Forma Basis, to the consummation of such acquisition or other purchase); 

(viii) (A) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (other than in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, in which case there shall be (x) no Default or Event of Default as of the LCA Test Date and (y) no Event of Default under Section 8.1(a) or 

(f) immediately before and immediately giving effect to such purchase, investment or other acquisition), 
 (B) immediately after giving effect to such purchase, investment or other acquisition, the Group Members shall be in pro forma compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Section 7.1 and (C) the pro forma Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed the ratio that is 0.25x less than the applicable covenant level, in each case, as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered hereunder (which shall be calculated in accordance with Section 1.4 in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition); 
 
 (ix) no Indebtedness is assumed or incurred in connection with any such purchase or acquisition other than Indebtedness permitted by the terms of Section 7.2 ; 

(x) such purchase or acquisition shall not constitute an Unfriendly 

Acquisition; 
 
 (xi) (A) the aggregate amount of the consideration (excluding Capital Stock of the Borrower that is not Disqualified Stock) paid by such Group Member in connection with any particular Permitted Acquisition shall not exceed 100,000,000, and (B) the aggregate amount of the consideration (excluding Capital Stock of the Borrower that is not Disqualified Stock) paid by all Group Members in connection with all such Permitted Acquisitions consummated from and after the Closing Date shall not exceed 175,000,000; 

(xii) [reserved]; 

119 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (xiii) if the consideration to be paid (or payable) in connection with such purchase, investment or acquisition is greater than 25,000,000, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which any such purchase or other acquisition is to be consummated (or such later date as is agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (A) a copy of all applicable business and financial due diligence information reasonably available to the Borrower, and (B) a certificate of a Responsible Officer, certifying that that such purchase, investment or acquisition constitutes a Permitted Acquisition and demonstrating compliance with clause (vii) above; and 

(xiv) if (1) the consideration to be paid (or payable) in connection with such purchase, investment or acquisition is greater than 50,000,000 or (2) the Person or assets being acquired has earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of less than 0.00 for the trailing twelve month period most recently ended prior to the consummation of such purchase of acquisition, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which any such purchase or other acquisition is to be consummated (or such later date as is agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), updated Projections demonstrating projected compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.1 for the remaining term of this Agreement; 

(l) so long as no Event of Default exists at the time of such Investment or immediately after giving effect thereto, in addition to Investments otherwise expressly permitted by this Section, Investments by the Group Members the aggregate amount of all of which Investments (valued at cost) does not exceed 10,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Group Members; 

(m) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.5 , to the extent not exceeding the limits specified therein with respect to the receipt of non-cash consideration in connection with such Dispositions; and 

(n) Investments (i) in existence on the date hereof listed on Schedule 7.8(n) , (ii) consisting of capital contributions made to Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date and (iii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investments made by a Borrower in an Excluded Subsidiary so long as any such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof does not increase the amount of such Investment except as otherwise permitted by this Section 7.8 . 

7.9 ERISA . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to: 

(a) terminate any Pension Plan so as to result in any material liability to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, (b) permit to exist any ERISA Event, or any other event or condition, which presents the risk of a material liability to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, (c) make a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of ERISA Section 4201) from any Multiemployer Plan so as to result in any material liability to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, (d) enter into any new Plan or modify any existing Plan so as to increase its obligations thereunder which could result in any material liability to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, (e) permit the present value of all nonforfeitable accrued benefits under any Plan (using the actuarial assumptions utilized by the PBGC upon termination of a Plan) materially to exceed the fair market value of Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the most recent valuation date for each such Plan, or (f) engage in any transaction which would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of any of its rights under this Agreement, any Note or the other Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt (under a statutory or administrative class exemption) prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

120 
 NY-2463280 
 
 7.10 Payments and Modifications of Certain Preferred Stock and Debt Instruments. (a) Amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of the Preferred Stock, if any (i) that would move to an earlier date the scheduled cash redemption date or increase the amount of any scheduled cash redemption payment or increase the rate or move to an earlier date any date for cash payment of dividends thereon or (ii) that would be otherwise materially adverse to any Lender or any other Secured Party; or (b) amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2 (other than Indebtedness pursuant to any Loan Document) that would shorten the maturity or increase the amount of any payment of principal thereof or the rate of interest thereon or shorten any date for payment of interest thereon or that would be otherwise materially adverse to any Lender or any other Secured Party. 

7.11 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than any other Loan Party) unless such transaction is 

(a) otherwise permitted under this Agreement, (b) in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Group Member, and (c) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the relevant Group Member than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate. 
 
 7.12 Sale Leaseback Transactions . Enter into any Sale Leaseback Transaction. 

7.13 Swap Agreements . Enter into any Swap Agreement, except Specified Swap Agreements which are entered into by a Group Member to (a) hedge or mitigate risks to which such Group Member has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Capital Stock), or (b) effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of such Group Member. 

7.14 Accounting Changes . Make any change in its (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP, or (b) fiscal year. 

7.15 Negative Pledge Clauses . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure its Obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, other than (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (c) customary restrictions on the assignment of leases, licenses and other agreements, (d) any agreement in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or, in any such case, that is set forth in any agreement evidencing any amendments, restatements, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals and replacements of the foregoing, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement applies only to such Subsidiary and does not otherwise expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction or condition contained therein and (e) customary transfer restrictions in shareholder agreements on the shares of the issuer (other than issuers that are Subsidiaries) covered thereby. 

7.16 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Loan Party and any of their respective Subsidiaries to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Subsidiary held by, or to pay any Indebtedness owed to, any other Group Member, (b) make loans or advances to, or other Investments in, any other Group Member, or (c) transfer any of its assets to any 

121 
 NY-2463280 
 
 other Group Member, except for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of (i) any restrictions existing under the Loan Documents, (ii) any restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with a Disposition permitted hereby of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary, (iii) customary restrictions on the assignment of leases, licenses and other agreements, (iv) restrictions of the nature referred to in clause (c) above under agreements governing purchase money liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby which restrictions are only effective against the assets financed thereby, or (v) any agreement in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower, so long as such agreement applies only to such Subsidiary, was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or in each case that is set forth in any agreement evidencing any amendments, restatements, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals and replacements of the foregoing, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement does not expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction or condition contained therein. 
 
 7.17 Lines of Business . Enter into any business, either directly or through any Subsidiary, except for those businesses in which the Group Members are engaged on the date of this Agreement or that are reasonably related, ancillary or incidental thereto. 

7.18 [Reserved] . 

7.19 [Reserved]. 

7.20 Amendments to Organizational Agreements. Amend or permit any amendments to any Loan Party s Operating Documents, in each case, if such amendment would be adverse to Administrative Agent or the Lenders in any material respect, (b) amend or permit any amendments to, or terminate or waive any provision of, any material Contractual Obligation, in each case, if such amendment, termination, or waiver would be adverse to Administrative Agent or the Lenders in any material respect. 

7.21 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Loan or extension of credit hereunder, whether directly or indirectly, (a) to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, in each case in violation of, or for a purpose which violates, or would be inconsistent with, Regulation T, U or X of the Board; (b) to finance an Unfriendly Acquisition; or (c) to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Joint Lead Arrangers, Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, Bookrunner or otherwise) of Sanctions (or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity in violation of the foregoing); or (c) for any purpose which would breach the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or other similar legislation in other jurisdictions. 

7.22 Subordinated Indebtedness. 

(a) Amendments . Amend, modify, supplement, waive compliance with, or consent to noncompliance with, any Subordinated Debt Document, unless the amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent (i) does not adversely affect the Loan Parties ability to pay and perform each of their respective Obligations at the time and in the manner set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and is not otherwise adverse to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (ii) is in 

122 
 NY-2463280 
 
 compliance with the subordination provisions therein and any subordination agreement with respect thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (b) Payments . Make any payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, or redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance (including in-substance or legal defeasance), sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Indebtedness, except as permitted by the subordination provisions in the applicable Subordinated Debt Documents and any subordination agreement with respect thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

7.23 Anti-Terrorism Laws. Conduct, deal in or engage in or permit any Affiliate or agent of any Loan Party within its control to conduct, deal in or engage in any of the following activities: 

(a) conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any person blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 (a Blocked Person ), including the making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person; (b) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224; or (c) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or the Patriot Act. 
 
 SECTION 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 8.1 Events of Default . The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any amount of principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any amount of interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within three (3) Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof; or 

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other written statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document (i) if qualified by materiality, shall be incorrect or misleading when made or deemed made, or (ii) if not qualified by materiality, shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 

(c) (i) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in (A) Section 5.3 , Section 6.1 , Section 6.2 , Section 6.3(c) , clause (i) or (ii) of Section 6.5(a) , Section 6.6(b) , Section 6.8(a) , Section 6.10 , Section 6.16 or Section 7 of this Agreement or (ii) an Event of Default under and as defined in any Security Document shall have occurred and be continuing; or 

(d) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document applicable to it (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section 8.1 ), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days thereafter; or 

(e) (i) any Group Member shall (A) default in making any payment of any principal of any Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation with respect thereto, but excluding the Loans) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto; or (B) default in making any payment of any 

123 
 NY-2463280 
 
 interest, fees, costs or expenses on any such Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created; (C) default in making any payment or delivery under any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in such Swap Agreement; or (D) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to (x) cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of, or, in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement, counterparty under, such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder, beneficiary, or counterparty) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement) to be terminated, or (y) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, any Group Member to purchase, redeem, mandatorily prepay or make an offer to purchase, redeem or mandatorily prepay such Indebtedness prior to its stated maturity; provided that, unless such Indebtedness constitutes a Specified Swap Agreement, a default, event or condition described in clause (A) , (B) , (C) , or (D) of this paragraph (e) shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default unless, at such time, one or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in clauses (A) , (B) , (C) , and (D) of this paragraph (e) shall have occurred with respect to Indebtedness the outstanding principal amount (and, in the case of Swap Agreements, other than Specified Swap Agreements, the Swap Termination Value) of which, individually or in the aggregate of all such Indebtedness, exceeds in the aggregate 5,000,000; or (ii) any default or event of default (however designated) shall occur with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness of any Group Member; or 
 
 (f) (i) any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (a) under any Debtor Relief Law seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (b) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (x) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (y) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days provided that, during such 60 day period, no Loan shall be advanced or Letters of Credit issued hereunder); or (iii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof provided that, during such 60 day period, no Loan shall be advanced or Letters of Credit issued hereunder); or (iv) any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or (v) any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or 

(g) there shall occur one or more ERISA Events which individually or in the aggregate results in or otherwise is associated with liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof in excess of 5,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; or there exists an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all 

124 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities) which exceeds 5,000,000; or 
 
 (h) there is entered against any Group Member (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money or fines or penalties issued by any Governmental Authority involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or fully covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has not disputed coverage) of 5,000,000 or more, or (ii) one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case (i) or (ii), (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor or any such Governmental Authority, as applicable, upon such judgment, order, penalty or fine, as applicable, or (B) such judgment, order, penalty or fine, as applicable, shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded, as applicable, pending appeal within 60 days from the entry or issuance thereof; or 

(i) any of the Security Documents shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect (other than pursuant to the terms thereof), or any Loan Party shall so assert, or any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall cease to be enforceable and of the same effect and priority purported to be created thereby (other than a result of the failure by Administrative Agent or any Lender to file a financing or continuation statement or to maintain possession or any possessory collateral in its possession), in each case, with respect to Collateral having a fair market value in excess of 2,500,000; or 

(j) any court order enjoins, restrains or prevents a Loan Party from conducting all or any material part of its business; or 

(k) the guarantee contained in Section 2 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party shall so assert; or 

(l) a Change of Control shall occur; or 

(m) any material Governmental Approvals necessary for any Loan Party to operate in the ordinary course shall have been (i) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse manner or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term or (ii) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a hearing with respect to any applications for renewal of any of the Governmental Approvals or that could result in the Governmental Authority taking any of the actions described in clause (i) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or nonrenewal (A) has, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) materially adversely affects the legal qualifications of any Group Member to hold any material Governmental Approval in any applicable jurisdiction and such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or nonrenewal has, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(n) the Borrower shall (i) conduct, transact or otherwise engage in, or commit to conduct, transact or otherwise engage in, any business or operations other than those incidental to its ownership of the Capital Stock of Organogenesis, Inc., (ii) incur, create, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness or other liabilities or financial obligations, except (v) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2 , (w) nonconsensual obligations imposed by operation of law, (x) obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (y) obligations with respect to its Capital Stock, and (z) Guarantee Obligations of Indebtedness secured by Capital Stock of Organogenesis, Inc.so long as such Indebtedness is permitted hereunder and subordinated to the Obligations in accordance with the terms 

125 
 NY-2463280 
 
 hereof or (iii) own, lease, manage or otherwise operate any properties or assets other than the ownership of shares of Capital Stock Interests of Organogenesis, Inc.; or 
 
 (o) any Loan Document (including the subordination provisions of any subordination agreement or intercreditor agreement governing Subordinated Indebtedness) not otherwise referenced in Section 8.1(i) or (k) , at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or the Discharge of Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or any further liability or obligation under any Loan Document to which it is a party, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any such Loan Document; or 

(p) any Person that entered into a subordination or intercreditor agreement with the Administrative Agent with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness breaches any material terms of such agreement. 

8.2 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 

(a) if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (f) of Section 8.1 with respect to the Borrower, the Commitments shall immediately terminate automatically and the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall automatically immediately become due and payable, and 

(b) if such event is any other Event of Default, any of the following actions may be taken: (i) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower declare the Revolving Commitments, the Term Commitments, the Swingline Commitments and the L/C Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Revolving Commitments, the Term Commitments, the Swingline Commitments and the L/C Commitments shall immediately terminate; (ii) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable; (iii) any Cash Management Bank may terminate any Cash Management Agreement then outstanding and declare all Obligations then owing by the Group Members under any such Cash Management Agreements then outstanding to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable; and (iv) the Administrative Agent may exercise on behalf of itself, any Cash Management Bank, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender all rights and remedies available to it, any such Cash Management Bank, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender under the Loan Documents. 

With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize an amount equal to 105 of the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Amounts so Cash Collateralized shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other Obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in accordance with Section 8.3 . 

126 
 NY-2463280 
 
 In addition, (x) the Borrower shall also Cash Collateralize the full amount of any Swingline Loans then outstanding, and (y) to the extent elected by any applicable Cash Management Bank, the Borrower shall also Cash Collateralize the amount of any Obligations in respect of Cash Management Services then outstanding, which Cash Collateralized amounts shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of all such outstanding Cash Management Services, and any unused portion thereof remaining after all such Cash Management Services shall have been fully paid and satisfied in full shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay other Obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of Section 8.3 . 
 
 (c) After all such Letters of Credit and Cash Management Agreements shall have been terminated, expired or fully drawn upon, as applicable, and all amounts drawn under any such Letters of Credit shall have been reimbursed in full and all other Obligations of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties (including any such Obligations arising in connection with Cash Management Services) shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, of the funds having been so Cash Collateralized shall be returned to the Borrower (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto). Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

8.3 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.2 , any amounts received by the Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 

First , to the payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest but including any Collateral-Related Expenses, fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Sections 2.19 , 2.20 and 2.21 (including interest thereon)) payable to the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such; 
 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest, and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender ((including any Letter of Credit Fronting Fees and Issuing Lender Fees), and any Qualified Counterparty and any applicable Cash Management Bank (in its respective capacity as a provider of Cash Management Services), and the reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the Issuing Lender, and amounts payable under Sections 2.19 , 2.20 and 2.21 ), in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
 
 Third , to the extent that the Swingline Lender has advanced any Swingline Loans that have not been refunded by each Lender s Swingline Participation Amount, payment to the Swingline Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting the unpaid principal of and interest upon the Swingline Loans advanced by the Swingline Lender; 
 
 Fourth , to the payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest in respect of any Cash Management Services and on the Loans and L/C Disbursements which have not yet been converted into Revolving Loans, and to payment of premiums and other fees (including any interest thereon) under any Specified Swap Agreements and any Cash Management Agreements, in each case, ratably among the Lenders, any applicable Cash Management Bank (in its respective capacity as a provider of Cash Management Services), and any Qualified Counterparties, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth payable to them; 

127 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Fifth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Disbursements which have not yet been converted into Revolving Loans, and settlement amounts, payment amounts and other termination payment obligations under any Specified Swap Agreements and Cash Management Agreements, in each case, ratably among the Lenders, any applicable Cash Management Bank (in its respective capacity as a provider of Cash Management Services), and any applicable Qualified Counterparties, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth and payable to them; 
 
 Sixth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender, to Cash Collateralize that portion of the L/C Exposure comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3.10 ; 
 
 Seventh, for the account of any applicable Qualified Counterparty and any applicable Cash Management Bank, to any settlement amounts, payment amounts and other termination payment obligations under any Specified Swap Agreements and Cash Management Agreements not paid pursuant to clause Fifth and to cash collateralize Obligations arising under any then outstanding Specified Swap Agreements and Cash Management Services, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Seventh payable to them; 
 
 Eighth , to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties that are then due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations described in this clause Eighth and payable to them; and 
 
 Last , the balance, if any, after the Discharge of Obligations, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by applicable Requirements of Law. 
 
 Subject to Sections 2.24(a) , 3.4 , 3.5 and 3.10 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Sixth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral for Letters of Credit after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Excluded Swap Obligation of any Guarantor shall be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or from any Collateral in which such Guarantor has granted to the Administrative Agent a Lien (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any other applicable Security Document; provided , however , that each party to this Agreement hereby acknowledges and agrees that appropriate adjustments shall be made by the Administrative Agent (which adjustments shall be controlling in the absence of manifest error) with respect to payments received from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation of such payments to the satisfaction of the Obligations in the order otherwise contemplated in this Section 8.3 . 
 
 SECTION 9 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 9.1 Appointment and Authority. 

(a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints SVB to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the 

128 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 
 (b) The provisions of Section 9 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Lender, and the Swingline Lender, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations, except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in their respective capacities as a Lender and, as applicable, Qualified Counterparty and provider of Cash Management Services) hereby irrevocably (i) authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into all other Loan Documents, as applicable, including the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and any intercreditor or subordination agreements, and (ii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of the Secured Parties for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.2 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Section 9 and Section 10 (including Section 9.7 , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent is further authorized on behalf of all the Lenders, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from the Lenders, from time to time to take any action, or permit the any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent to take any action, with respect to any Collateral or the Loan Documents which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens upon any Collateral granted pursuant to any Loan Document. 

9.2 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub agents. 

9.3 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent shall have no duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder and 

129 
 NY-2463280 
 
 thereunder shall be administrative in nature.	Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not: 
 
 (a) be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether any Default or any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(b) have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), as applicable; provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 

(c) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.2 and 10.1 ), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 5.1 , Section 5.2 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any of the 

130 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. 
 
 9.5 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice in writing from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders); provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action or refrain from taking such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders. 

9.6 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Group Member or any Affiliate of a Group Member, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to the Administrative Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Group Members and their Affiliates and made its own credit analysis and decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Group Members and their Affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Group Member or any Affiliate of a Group Member that may come into the 

131 
 NY-2463280 
 
 possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or Affiliates. 
 
 9.7 Indemnification . Each of the Lenders agrees to indemnify each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender and each of its Related Parties in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) according to its Aggregate Exposure Percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section 9.7 (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, in accordance with its Aggregate Exposure Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such other Person in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent or such other Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing and any other amounts not reimbursed by the Loan Parties; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the Administrative Agent s or such other Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct, and that with respect to such unpaid amounts owed to any Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender solely in its capacity as such, only the Revolving Lenders shall be required to pay such unpaid amounts, such payment to be made severally among them based on such Revolving Lenders Revolving Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought). The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Group Members or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

9.9 Successor Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, and so long as no Event of Default is then continuing with the consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, to appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting customary qualifications; provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 

132 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default is then continuing with the consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and such collateral security is assigned to such successor Administrative Agent) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of Section 9 and Section 10.5 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as the Administrative Agent. 

9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . 

(a) The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in 

its discretion, 
 
 (i) to release any Lien on any Collateral or other property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (A) upon the Discharge of Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Lender shall have been made), (B) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (C) subject to Section 10.1 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; 

(ii) to subordinate any Lien on any Collateral or other property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 7.3(g) and (i) ; and 

133 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (iii) to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. 

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10 . 
 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything contained in any Loan Document, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any guaranty of the Obligations (including any such guaranty provided by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall a Secured Party be restricted hereunder from filing a proof of claim on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding. In the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition, and the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of such Secured Party (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties at such sale or other disposition. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the guarantees of the Obligations provided by the Loan Parties under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, to have agreed to the foregoing provisions. In furtherance of the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, no Specified Swap Agreement and no Cash Management Agreement, the Obligations under which constitute Obligations, will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the Obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document except as expressly provided herein or in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral and of the guarantees of the Obligations provided by the Loan Parties under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, any Secured Party that is a Cash Management Bank or a Qualified Counterparty shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and to have agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph. 

9.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and 

134 
 NY-2463280 
 
 irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, Obligations in respect of any Letter of Credit and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.9 and 10.5 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.9 and 10.5 . 
 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 
 9.12 No Other Duties, etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunner listed on the cover page hereof shall not have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender hereunder. 

9.13 Cash Management Bank and Qualified Counterparty Reports . Each Cash Management Bank and each Qualified Counterparty agrees to furnish to the Administrative Agent, as frequently as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, with a summary of all Obligations in respect of Cash Management Services and/or Specified Swap Agreements, as applicable, due or to become due to such Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty, as applicable. In connection with any distributions to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that no amounts are due to any Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty (in its capacity as a Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty and not in its capacity as a Lender) unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice thereof from such Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty and if such notice is received, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that the only amounts due to such Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty on account of Cash Management Services or Specified Swap Agreements are set forth in such notice. 

9.14 Erroneous Payments . 

(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, or Secured Party (any such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds 

135 
 NY-2463280 
 
 received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a) , each Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender, or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 

(i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y) , an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z) ), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.14(b). 

(c) Each Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under clause (a) hereof or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in 

136 
 NY-2463280 
 
 accordance with clause (a) hereof, from any Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender at any time, (i) such Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments), the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender, assigning Issuing Lender or assigning Swingline Lender shall cease to be a Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender, assigning Issuing Lender or assigning Swingline Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender, Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender or Secured Party under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine 

137 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, a Swingline Lender or Issuing Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 
 9.15 Certain ERISA Matters . 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunner, the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 

(ii) the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunner and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunner or the Joint Lead 

138 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 
 (b) The Administrative Agent, the Bookrunner and the Joint Lead Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

9.16 Survival . This Section 9 shall survive the Discharge of Obligations. 

SECTION 10 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) Neither this Agreement, any other Loan Document (other than any L/C Related Document), nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.1, Section 2.17 or Section 2.27 . The Required Lenders and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (i) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (ii) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall (A) forgive the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, extend the scheduled date of any amortization payment in respect of any Term Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee or other amount payable hereunder (except that no amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement or waiver of any Default or Event of Default or the right to receive interest at the Default Rate) shall constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (A)) or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lender s Revolving Commitment or Term Commitment, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (B) eliminate or reduce the voting rights of any Lender under this Section 10.1 without the written consent of such Lender; (C) reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any Loan Document, consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, release all or substantially all of the Collateral or release all or substantially all of 

139 
 NY-2463280 
 
 the value of the guarantees (taken as a whole) of the Guarantors from their obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders; (D) amend, modify or waive the pro rata requirements of Section 2.18 , Section 10.7(a) , or any other provision of the Loan Documents requiring pro rata treatment of the Lenders without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (E) contractually subordinate the Obligations (including any guarantee thereof), or the Liens on all or substantially all of the Collateral granted under the Loan Documents, to any other Indebtedness or Lien (including, without limitation, any other Indebtedness or Lien issued under the Credit Agreement or any other agreement), in each case without the written consent of all Lenders; (F) amend, modify or waive any of the requirements in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2 (but only with respect to the initial extension of credit hereunder) without the written consent of all Lenders; (G) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 without the written consent of the Administrative Agent; (H) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.6 or 2.7 without the written consent of the Swingline Lender; (I) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 3 without the written consent of the Issuing Lender; or (J) amend or modify the application of prepayments set forth in Section 2.12(e) or the application of payments set forth in Section 8.3 without the written consent each Lender and the Issuing Lender. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, each Cash Management Bank, each Qualified Counterparty, and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured during the period such waiver is effective; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuing Lender may amend any of the L/C Related Documents without the consent of the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and the Issuing Lender, Administrative Agent and the Borrower may make customary technical amendments if any Letter of Credit shall be issued hereunder in a currency other than U.S. Dollars. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Revolving Commitment or Term Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.1(a) above, in the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party, as applicable, requests that this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, as applicable, be amended or otherwise modified in a manner which would require the consent of all of the Lenders and such amendment or other modification is agreed to by the Borrower and/or such other Loan Party, as applicable, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent, then, with the consent of the Borrower and/or such other Loan Party, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as applicable, may be amended without the consent of the Lender or Lenders who are unwilling to agree to such amendment or other modification (each, a Minority Lender ), to provide for: 

(i) the termination of the Commitment of each such Minority Lender; 

(ii) the assumption of the Loans and Commitment of each such Minority Lender by one or more Replacement Lenders pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.23 ; and 

140 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (iii) the payment of all interest, fees and other obligations payable or accrued in favor of each Minority Lender and such other modifications to this Agreement or to such Loan Documents as the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders may determine to be appropriate in connection therewith. 

(c) The Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to the extent such amendment consists solely of the making of typographical corrections and/or addressing any technical defects and/or ambiguities. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision, no consent of any Lender (or other Secured Party other than the Administrative Agent) shall be required to effectuate any amendment to implement any Incremental Facility permitted by Section 2.27 or to effect an alternate interest rate in a manner consistent with Section 2.17 . 

(e) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, any Cash Management Agreement and Specified Swap Agreement may be amended or otherwise modified by the parties thereto in accordance with the terms thereof without the consent of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

(f) Notwithstanding any provision herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, no Cash Management Bank and no Qualified Counterparty shall have any voting or approval rights hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider or holder of Cash Management Services or Specified Swap Agreements or Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such Cash Management Bank or Qualified Counterparty, as applicable, be required for any matter, other than in their capacities as Lenders, to the extent applicable. 

(g) The Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents to cure any omission, mistake or defect. 

10.2 Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile or electronic mail), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three (3) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile or electronic mail notice, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and as set forth in an administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 

Borrower:	Organogenesis Holdings Inc. 
 85 Dan Road 
 Canton, Massachusetts 02021 Attention: David Francisco, CFO Fax: (781) 401-1257 
 Email: dfrancisco@organo.com Website: organogenesis.com 
 
 with a copy to: 
 Foley Hoag LLP 155 Seaport Blvd. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 02210 Attention: William Kolb, Esq. Fax: (617) 832-7000 Email: wkolb@foleyhoag.com 

141 
 NY-2463280 

Administrative Agent: 
 Silicon Valley Bank 
 275 Grove Street, Suite 2-200 
 Newton, Massachusetts 02466 Attention: Peter Benham 
 E-Mail: pbenham@svb.com 
 
 with a copy to: 
 Morrison Foerster, LLP 
 200 Clarendon Street, 20th Floor Boston, Massachusetts 021116 Attn.: Charles W. Stavros, Esq. 
 E-mail: cstavros@mofo.com 
 
 provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall not be effective until received. 
 
 (a) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or any Loan Party may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent and the Borrower otherwise prescribe, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgment); and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses 

(i) and (ii), if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the 
 recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 
 (b) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(c) (i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on the Platform. 

(ii) The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of 

142 
 NY-2463280 
 
 third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower or the other Loan Parties, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. 
 
 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder. 

10.5 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay or reimburse (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the Administrative Agent and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction retained by the Administrative Agent plus additional counsel in the event of an actual or perceived conflict of interest), in connection with the syndication of the Facilities, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (which shall be counsel to the Administrative Agent), one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction retained by the Administrative Agent) and, solely in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel and, to the extent necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated Persons actually affected by such conflict taken as a whole)), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights 

(A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this 
 Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued or participated in hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 

143 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender (including the Issuing Lender), and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) other than such Indemnitee and its Related Parties arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Lender to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Materials of Environmental Concern on or from any property owned or operated by the Group Members, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Group Members, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its Related Parties or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for a material breach of such Indemnitee's obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. This Section 10.5(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails indefeasibly to pay any amount required under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender); provided that with respect to such unpaid amounts owed to the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender solely in its capacity as such, only the Revolving Lenders shall be required to pay such unpaid amounts, such payment to be made severally among them based on such Revolving Lenders Revolving Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought); provided further , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the provisions of Sections 2.1 , 2.4 and 2.20(e) . 

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this 

144 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit, or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct. 
 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after demand therefor. 

(f) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the Discharge 

of Obligations. 
 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (which, for purposes of this Section 10.6 , shall include any Cash Management Bank and any Qualified Counterparty, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.6(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (in each case with respect to any Facility) any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i) Minimum Amounts . 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and/or the Loans at the time owing to it (in each case with respect to any Facility) or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

(B) in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date 

145 
 NY-2463280 
 
 is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than 5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility, or the Term Facility, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed). 
 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 

(iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.6 and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1)(x) a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) solely with respect to Section 10.6(b)(v)(C) below unless a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (i) the Revolving Facility or any unfunded Commitments with respect to the Term Facility if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of such Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender, or (ii) any Term Loans to a Person who is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 

(C) the consent of the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment . The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any such administrative questionnaire as the Administrative Agent may request. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) or (C) so long as a Specified Event of Default has not occurred and is continuing, a Listed Competitor. 

146 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons . No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust established for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). 

(vii) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Revolving Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.19 , 2.20 , 2.21 and 10.5 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section. 
 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in California a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, a holding company, investment vehicle or trust established for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a 

147 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnities under Sections 2.20(e) and 9.7 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s). 
 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver which affects such Participant and for which the consent of such Lender is required (as described in Section 10.1 ). The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.19 , 2.20 and 2.21 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.20(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.20(f) shall be delivered by such Participant to the Lender granting such participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.6(b) ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.23 as if it were an assignee under Section 10.6(b) ; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.19 or 2.20 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in any Requirement of Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.23 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.7 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(k) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

148 
 NY-2463280 
 
 (f) Notes . The Borrower, upon receipt by the Borrower of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in Section 10.6 . 

(g) Representations and Warranties of Lenders . Each Lender, upon execution and delivery hereof or upon succeeding to an interest in the Commitments or Loans, as the case may be, represents and warrants as of the Closing Date or as of the effective date of the applicable Assignment and Assumption that (i) it is an Eligible Assignee; (ii) it has experience and expertise in the making of or investing in commitments, loans or investments such as the Commitments and Loans; and (iii) it will make or invest in its Commitments and Loans for its own account in the ordinary course of its business and without a view to distribution of such Commitments and Loans within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or other federal securities laws (it being understood that, subject to the provisions of this Section 10.6 , the disposition of such Commitments and Loans or any interests therein shall at all times remain within its exclusive control). 

10.7 Adjustments; Set-off. 

(a) Except to the extent that this Agreement expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender or to the Lenders under a particular Facility, if any Lender (a Benefitted Lender shall receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 8.1(f) , or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of the Obligations owing to such other Lender, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of the Obligations owing to each such other Lender, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders; provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 

(b) Upon (i) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and 

(ii) obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to any Loan Party, any such notice being expressly waived by each Loan Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, at any time held or owing, and any other credits, indebtedness, claims or obligations, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender, its Affiliates or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party, as the case may be, against any and all of the obligations of such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.23 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate thereof from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such 

149 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Defaulting Lender or Affiliate thereof as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application made by such Lender or any of its Affiliates; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section 
 10.7 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which such Lender or its Affiliates may have. 
 
 10.8 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any Insolvency Proceeding or otherwise, then 

(a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the Discharge of Obligations. 
 
 10.9 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

10.10 Counterparts; Electronic Execution of Assignments. 

(a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic mail transmission shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Administrative Agent. 

(b) The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

150 
 NY-2463280 
 
 10.11 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.11 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited under or in connection with any Insolvency Proceeding, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

10.12 Integration . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 

10.13 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE, CAUSE OF ACTION, OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY, AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS (AND NOT THE CONFLICT OF LAW 

RULES) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This Section 10.13 shall survive the Discharge of Obligations. 
 
 10.14 Submission to Jurisdiction . Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) agrees that all disputes, controversies, claims, actions and other proceedings involving, directly or indirectly, any matter in any way arising out of, related to, or connected with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any contemplated transactions related hereto or thereto, or the relationship between any Loan Party, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Secured Party, on the other hand, and any and all other claims of any Group Member against the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Secured Party of any kind, shall be brought only in a state court located in the Borough of Manhattan or the Southern District of New York, or in a federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan or the Southern District of New York; provided that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Secured Party from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Administrative Agent or such Lender or any other Secured Party. The Borrower, on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party, (i) expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, (ii) hereby waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court, and (iii) agrees that it shall not file any motion or other application seeking to change the venue of any such suit or other action. The Borrower, on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party, hereby waives personal service of any summons, complaints, and other process issued in any such action or suit and agrees that service of any such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to the Borrower at the address set forth in Section 10.2 of this Agreement and that service so made shall be 

151 
 NY-2463280 
 
 deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of the Borrower s actual receipt thereof or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid; 
 
 (b) WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OF ACTION, OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY, AMONG ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. BORROWER HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL; and 

(c) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages; provided that nothing contained herein shall limit the right of any Indemnitee to be indemnified as provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

This Section 10.14 shall survive the Discharge of Obligations. 
 
 10.15 Acknowledgements . Borrower hereby acknowledges that: 

(a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b) in connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), Borrower, on behalf of each Group Member, acknowledges and agrees that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate thereof, and the Lenders and any Affiliate thereof are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their respective applicable Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this Section, the Lenders ), on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, its Affiliates, each Lender and their Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, its Affiliates, any Lender nor any of their Affiliates has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, its Affiliates, the Lenders and their Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, its Affiliates, any Lender nor any of their Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, its 

152 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Affiliates, each Lender and any of their Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transactions contemplated hereby; and 
 
 (c) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among the Group Members and the Lenders. 

10.16 Releases of Guarantees and Liens. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 10.1 to take any action requested by the Borrower having the effect of releasing any Collateral or guarantee obligations (1) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has been consented to in accordance with Section 10.1 or (2) under the circumstances described in Section 10.16(b) below. 

(b) Upon the Discharge of Obligations, the Collateral (other than any cash collateral securing any Specified Swap Agreements, any Cash Management Services or outstanding Letters of Credit) shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents and Cash Management Agreements (other than any Cash Management Agreements used to Cash Collateralize any Obligations arising in connection with Cash Management Agreements), and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents and Cash Management Agreements (other than any Cash Management Agreements used to Cash Collateralize any Obligations arising in connection with Cash Management Agreements) shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 

10.17 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners); (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party hereto; (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder; (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating any Group Member or the Facilities or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Facilities; (h) with the consent of the Borrower; or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and any of their respective Related Parties, may (A) disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the 

153 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments; and (B) use any information (not constituting Information subject to the foregoing confidentiality restrictions) related to the syndication and arrangement of the credit facilities contemplated by this Agreement in connection with marketing, league tables, press releases, or other transactional announcements or updates provided to investor or trade publications, including the placement of tombstone advertisements in publications of its choice at its own expense. 
 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and the Issuing Lender acknowledges that (x) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Group Members, (y) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information, and (z) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, including applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any party to this Agreement (and any employee, representative, or other agent of any party to this Agreement) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. However, any such information relating to the tax treatment or tax structure is required to be kept confidential to the extent necessary to comply with any applicable federal or state securities laws, rules, and regulations. 
 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Group Members relating to the Group Members or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Group Members; provided that, in the case of information received from the Group Members after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 
 10.18 Automatic Debits . With respect to any principal, interest, fee, or any other cost or expense (including attorney costs of the Administrative Agent or any Lender payable by the Borrower hereunder) due and payable to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the Loan Documents, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to debit any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in an amount such that the aggregate amount debited from all such deposit accounts does not exceed such principal, interest, fee or other cost or expense. If there are insufficient funds in such deposit accounts to cover the amount then due, such debits will be reversed (in whole or in part, in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) and such amount not debited shall be deemed to be unpaid. No such debit under this Section 10.18 shall be deemed a set-off. 

10.19 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower and each other Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any 

154 
 NY-2463280 
 
 sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower or any other Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower and each other Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower or other Loan Party, as applicable (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
 
 10.20 Patriot Act; Other Regulations . Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any other party) hereby notifies the Borrower and each other Loan Party that, pursuant to the requirements of know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and 31 C.F.R. 1010.230, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and each other Loan Party and certain related parties thereto, which information includes the names and addresses and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower, each other Loan Party and certain of their beneficial owners and other officers in accordance with the Patriot Act and 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. The Borrower and each other Loan Party will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, provide, to the extent commercially reasonable or required by any Requirement of Law, such information and documents and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to assist the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act, 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 or other applicable anti-money laundering laws. 

10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any liability, including, if applicable 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

155 
 NY-2463280 
 
 10.22 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . 

To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regime s in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 10.22, the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and 

interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

156 
 NY-2463280 
 
 [ Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted ] 

157 
 NY-2463280 
 
 Annex B 

NY-2464170.5 
 
 Exhibit K to Credit Agreement [See Attached] 

NY-2464170.5 
 
 EXHIBIT K 
 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 Date: [ 	 ,] 20[_] 
 
 T O :	 S ILICON V ALLEY B ANK 
 3003 Tasman Drive Santa Clara, CA 95054 
 Attention: Corporate Services Department 
 
 R E : Credit Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2021 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders party thereto, and SILICON VALLEY BANK SVB , as the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender, and SVB, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacities, together with any successors and assigns in such capacities, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 The undersigned refers to the Credit Agreement and hereby gives you irrevocable notice, pursuant to Section [2.2] [2.5] [2.7(a)] of the Credit Agreement, of the borrowing of a [Term Loan][Revolving Loan][Swingline Loan]. 
 
 1. The requested Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, is 	 . 

2. The aggregate amount of the requested Loan is 	 . 

3. The requested Loan shall consist of 	 of ABR Loans and 	 of SOFR 

Loans. 
 
 4. The duration of the Interest Period for the SOFR Loans included in the requested Loan shall be 	 [one][three][six] months. 

5. [Insert instructions for remittance of the proceeds of the applicable Loans to be borrowed] 

6. The undersigned, in his/her capacity as a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and not in his/her individual capacity, hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the proposed Loan before and after giving effect thereto, and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as applicable: 

(a) each of the representations and warranties made by each Loan Party in or pursuant to any Loan Document (i) that is qualified by materiality is true and correct, and (ii) that is not qualified by materiality, is true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty was true and correct in all material respects (or all respects, as applicable) as of such earlier date; 

(b) no Default or Event of Default exists or will occur after giving effect to the extensions of 

NY-2464240 
 
 credit requested herein; 
 
 (c) after giving effect to such extension of credit, the Borrower will in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.1 of the Credit Agreement as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Credit Agreement, with the aggregate outstanding amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit calculated on a pro forma basis giving effect to such requested extension of credit; and 

(d) after giving effect to such Revolving Extension of Credit, the availability and borrowing limitations specified in Section 2.4 of the Credit Agreement will be satisfied. 

[ Signature page follows ] 

NY-2464240 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this notice to be duly executed and delivered by its proper and duly authorized officer as of the day and year first written above. 

ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

For internal Bank use only 

SOFR Pricing Date 
 Term SOFR Rate 
 SOFR Variance 
 Maturity Date 

NY-2464240 
 
 Exhibit L to Credit Agreement [See Attached] 

NY-2464170.5 
 
 EXHIBIT L 
 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION/CONTINUATION 
 
 ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 
 Date: [ 	 ,] 20[_] 
 
 T O :	 S ILICON V ALLEY B ANK 
 3003 Tasman Drive Santa Clara, CA 95054 Attention: 
 
 R E : Credit Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2021 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders party thereto, and SILICON VALLEY BANK SVB , as the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender, and SVB, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacities, together with any successors and assigns in such capacities, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 The undersigned, in his/her capacity as a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and not in his/her individual capacity, refers to the Credit Agreement and hereby gives you irrevocable notice pursuant to Section [2.13(a)] [2.13(b)] of the Credit Agreement, of the [conversion] [continuation] of the Loans specified herein, that: 
 
 1. The date of the [conversion] [continuation] is 	 . 

2. The aggregate amount of the proposed Loans to be [converted] [continued] is 		 . 

3. The Loans are to be [converted into] [continued as] [SOFR] [ABR] Loans. 

4. The duration of the Interest Period for the SOFR Loans included in the [conversion] [continuation] shall be [one][three][six] months. 

5. The undersigned on behalf of the Borrower, hereby certifies that no Event of Default exists or shall result from giving effect to the [conversion] [continuation] requested to be made on such date. 

[ Signature page follows ] 

NY-2464245 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this notice to be duly executed and delivered by its proper and duly authorized officer as of the day and year first written above. 

ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

For internal Bank use only 

SOFR Pricing Date 
 SOFR Rate 
 SOFR Variance 
 Maturity Date 

NY-2464245 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 orgo-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF ORGANOGENESIS HOLDINGS INC. 

NAME OF ORGANIZATION 
 
 JURISDICTION 

Organogenesis Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Prime Merger Sub, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Organogenesis Switzerland GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 orgo-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-3 (No. 333-229003 and 333-233621) and Forms S-8 (No. 333-229601 and No. 333-268736) of our report dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting (which report expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting because of a material weakness), appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 orgo-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Organogenesis Holdings Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. 

Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 orgo-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Francisco, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Organogenesis Holdings Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ David Francisco 

David Francisco 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 orgo-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Each of the undersigned officers of Organogenesis Holdings Inc. (the Company certifies, to his knowledge and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. 

Gary S. Gillheeney, Sr. 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 1, 2023 

/s/ David Francisco 

David Francisco 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 42
 orgo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 43
 orgo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 44
 orgo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 45
 orgo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 46
 orgo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

