<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1519751_0000950170-23-005127.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31396002</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291634</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3553213</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15652396</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3498959</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7595680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005127.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162445
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005127
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001519751
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MILLWOOD, VENEER, PLYWOOD & STRUCTURAL WOOD MEMBERS [2430]
		IRS NUMBER:				621411546
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1230

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35166
		FILM NUMBER:		23685856

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 LAKE COOK ROAD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-484-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 LAKE COOK ROAD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110825

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fortune Brands Home & Security LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005127.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 fbhs-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ _ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbols(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previouslyi ssued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 (the last day of the registrant s most recent second quar ter) was . T he number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at February 10, 2023 , was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Form 10-K Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 17 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 17 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 17 

Information about our Executive Officers. 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 19 

Item 6. 
 Reserved . 
 
 21 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 22 

Results of Operations . 
 
 24 

Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 30 

Critical Accounting Estimates . 
 
 36 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 41 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 53 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 92 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures . 
 
 92 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 92 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 92 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 
 93 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation . 
 
 93 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 93 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 93 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 93 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 94 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 97 

Signatures 
 
 98 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 99 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical statements of fact and those regarding our intent, belief or expectations for our business, operations, financial performance or financial condition, in addition to statements regarding our general business strategies, the market potential of our brands, trends in the housing market, the potential impact of costs, including material and labor costs, the potential impact of inflation, expected capital spending, expected pension contributions, the expected impact of acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions including the expected benefits and costs of the spin-off of MasterBrand, Inc. and the tax-free nature of the spin-off transaction, the anticipated effects of recently issued accounting standards on our financial statements, and other matters that are not historical in nature. Statements that include the words believes, expects, anticipates, intends, projects, estimates, plans, outlook, positioned and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, may and could are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is based on current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and projections of our management about our industry, business and future financial results available at the time this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Although we believe that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, they are subject to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those indicated in such statements, including but not limited to those listed in the section below entitled Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any such obligation to, update, amend, clarify or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events, new information or changes to future results over time or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Fortune Brands, the Company, we, our or us refer to Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (formerly known as Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Our Company 
 We are a leading home, security and commercial building products company that competes in attractive long-term growth markets in our product categories. We sell our products through a wide array of sales channels, including kitchen and bath dealers, wholesalers oriented toward builders or professional remodelers, industrial and locksmith distributors, do-it-yourself remodeling-oriented home centers, showrooms, e-commerce and other retail outlets. 
 
 Historically, Fortune Brands operated a Cabinets business segment that manufactured and sold cabinets and vanities for the kitchen, bath and other parts of the home. On December 14, 2022, the Company completed the separation of its Cabinets business, MasterBrand, Inc. MasterBrand ), via a tax-free spin-off transaction (the Separation ). The Separation created two independent, publicly traded companies. Immediately following completion of the Separation, the Company changed its name from Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. to Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and its stock ticker symbol changed from FBHS to FBIN to better reflect its focus on activities core to brands and innovation. As a result of the Separation, our former Cabinets segment was disposed of, and the operating results of the Cabinets business are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts, percentages and disclosures for all periods presented reflect only the continuing operations of the Company unless otherwise noted. See Note 5, Discontinued Operations, in the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for additional information. 
 
 3 

In addition, during 2022, the Company underwent a reorganization and shifted from a decentralized structure with separate businesses to a more aligned operating model that prioritizes activities that are core to brand, innovation, and channel and placed our global supply chain resources under one leadership team to fully leverage the scale and execution excellence of our total business. We believe that the newly aligned structure will allow the Company to better drive accelerated growth and productivity. 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Building on leading business and brand positions in attractive growth and return categories . We have leading brands with what we believe to be sustainable competitive advantages in many of our product categories, which we sell primarily in North America and China. We believe that established brands are meaningful to both consumers and trade customers in their respective categories and that we have the opportunity to, among other things, gain share in the marketplace and continue to strengthen many of our brands through cross-branding, expanding into adjacent product categories, and expanding in international and e-commerce markets. For example, we are continuing to align our Water Innovations, Outdoors and Security products with long-term secular trends within connected products, outdoor living, sustainability, water management, material conversion, and safety and wellness. We are committed to continuing to invest in our capacity and supply chain through strategic sourcing, automation, machine learning, artificial intelligence, data-driven insights and processes, and leveraging our global scale to strengthen our business and continue to meet demand for our products. 
 Developing innovative products and processes for customers and consumers . We have a long track record of successful product and process innovations that introduce valued new products to our customers and consumers, including products that save water, utilize recycled materials, conserve energy and protect people. We are committed to continuing to invest in new product development and enhance customer service to strengthen our leading brands and penetrate adjacent markets, including in the digital space and connected products. 
 Building an aligned organization using the Fortune Brands Advantage to drive results. While our business segments are focused on distinct product categories and are responsible for their own performance, the Fortune Brands Advantage is an operating model consisting of a set of unifying capabilities that we believe are critical to our strategic growth across all of our businesses. The Fortune Brands Advantage currently consists of four critical pillars: 
 Category Management - Partnering with our channel partners to drive optimal performance and best serve our consumers through actionable category insights. 

Business Simplification - Simplifying workstreams to be even more efficient. As part of the Company s reorganization and shift to a more aligned operating model under one leadership team, we expect to further prioritize activities that are core to brand, innovation, and channel . 

Global Supply Chain Excellence - Leveraging our robust, global supply chain to strategically drive scale efficiencies with cutting-edge capabilities. 

Digital Transformation - Supporting our products of the future with best-in-class services, technology, data and analytics and using data science to unlock valuable consumer and business insights. We are advancing our digital strategy to fuel growth and aim to become a digital leader in our industry. We continue to invest in our digital capabilities to leverage our scale across technology, data and talent to further drive sustainable productivity and efficiency, enhance employee development, satisfaction and retention, and accelerate and sustain growth in e-commerce and connected products, sourcing and data science. This includes integrating our digital organization to improve speed to market and further develop a culture that fosters innovation, collaboration and value creation, and developing products supported by service technology, data and analytics. 

4 

We continue to grow our competencies in these areas, allowing each of our businesses to take advantage of available opportunities for revenue growth and margin improvement, no matter the market environment. 
 Driving value through talent. The Company has built a diverse and talented leadership team that is well positioned to execute on our transformation to a more aligned operating model. We believe that investing in our employees is a critical component of our business strategy. We endeavor to do this through talent acquisition, development, succession planning and fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce. 
 Enhancing returns and deploying our cash flow to high-return opportunities. We continue to believe our most attractive opportunities are to invest in profitable organic growth initiatives, pursue accretive strategic acquisitions, non-controlling equity investments, and joint ventures, and return cash to stockholders through a combination of dividends and repurchases of our common stock. 
 We believe that advancing environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives and conducting business ethically is an important factor in allowing us to attract and retain the best talent. We continue to look for ways to improve our ESG programs and practices by focusing on ways to improve water conservation, waste reduction, and carbon and climate impact, keep our employees safe, and create a culture where all employees are treated with dignity and respect. 
 Business Segments 
 Following the Separation, we have two business segments: Water Innovations (previously referred to as Plumbing) and Outdoors Security. 
 Our segments compete on the basis of innovation, fashion, quality, price, service and responsiveness to distributor, retailer and installer needs, as well as end-user consumer preferences. Our markets are very competitive. Approximately 20 of 2022 net sales were to international markets, and sales to two of the Company s customers, Lowe s Companies, Inc. Lowe s and The Home Depot, Inc. The Home Depot ), accounted for 12.0 and 11.7 of the Company s net sales, respectively, in 2022. Sales to all U.S. home centers in the aggregate were approximately 27 of net sales in 2022. In 2022, sales to our top ten customers represented approximately one-half of total sales. 
 Water Innovations. Our Water Innovations segment manufactures or assembles and sells faucets, accessories, kitchen sinks and waste disposals, predominantly under the Moen, ROHL, Riobel, Victoria+Albert, Perrin Rowe, Aqualisa and Shaws brands. Although this segment sells products principally in the U.S., China and Canada, this segment also sells in Europe, Mexico, Southeast Asia and South America. Approximately 29 of 2022 net sales were to international markets. This segment sells directly through its own sales force and indirectly through independent manufacturer's representatives, primarily to wholesalers, home centers and mass merchandisers. This segment is increasingly investing in digital trends and smart home capabilities. In aggregate, sales to The Home Depot and Lowe s comprised approximately 22 of net sales of the Water Innovations segment in 2022. This segment s chief competitors include Masco, Kohler, LIXIL Group, InSinkErator (owned by Whirlpool Corporation), Huida, Hgill, and Jomoo and imported private-label brands. 
 Outdoors Security. Our Outdoors Security segment manufactures and sells fiberglass and steel entry door systems under the Therma-Tru brand, storm, screen and security doors under the Larson brand, composite decking, railing and cladding under the Fiberon brand, and urethane millwork under the Fypon brand. It also manufactures, sources and distributes locks, safety and security devices, and electronic security products under the Master Lock and American Lock brands and fire-resistant safes, security containers and commercial cabinets under the SentrySafe brand. This segment sells products principally in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Central America and Australia. Approximately 10 of 2022 net sales were to international markets. This segment s principal customers are home centers, hardware and other retailers, millwork building products and wholesale distributors, industrial distributors and specialty dealers that provide products to the residential new construction market, as well as to the remodeling and renovation markets. In addition, it sells lock systems and fire-resistant safes to locksmiths, industrial and institutional users, and original equipment manufacturers. In aggregate, sales to The Home Depot and Lowe s comprised approximately 26 of net sales of the Outdoors Security segment in 2022. 
 5 

Therma-Tru, Larson, Fiberon and Fypon brands compete with Masonite, JELD-WEN, Andersen, Trex, Azek, Plastpro, Pella, and various regional and local suppliers. The Master Lock brand competes with Abus, W.H. Brady, Hampton, Allegion, Assa Abloy and various imports. The SentrySafe brand competes with Magnum, Fortress and Interlocks. 
 Other Information 
 Raw materials. The table below indicates the principal raw materials used by each of our segments. These materials are available from a number of sources. Volatility in the prices of commodities and energy used in making and distributing our products impacts the cost of manufacturing our products. 

Segment 
 Raw Materials 

Water Innovations 
 Brass, zinc, resins, stainless steel and aluminum 

Outdoors Security 
 Wood, aluminum, steel, plastics, resins, glass, vinyl and insulating foam 

Intellectual property. Product innovation and branding are important to the success of our business. In addition to the brand protection offered by our trademarks, patent protection helps distinguish our unique product features in the market by preventing copying and making it more difficult for competitors to benefit unfairly from our design innovation. We hold U.S. and foreign patents covering various features used in products sold within all of our business segments. Although each of our segments relies on a number of patents and patent groups that, in the aggregate, provide important protections to the Company, no single patent or patent group is material to any of the Company s segments. 
 Human capital resources. As of December 31, 2022, Fortune Brands had more than 11,200 full-time and part-time employees worldwide (excluding contract workers). Approximately 59 of our workforce is composed of hourly production and distribution associates and the remaining population is composed of associates in an office role. Approximately 3 of employees in the U.S. work under collective bargaining agreements. Below is a summary of the number of employees by segment and role: 

Segment 
 
 Production and Distribution 

Office 

Total 

Water Innovations 

1,724 

2,123 

3,847 

Outdoors Security 

4,915 

2,310 

7,225 

Corporate 

164 

164 

We believe our associates are the key to our success. We invest in our teams and develop our associates to become the next generation of leaders to fuel innovation and drive Company growth. The Company also endeavors to create a home for all that keeps our employees safe, treats them with dignity and respect, and fosters a culture of performance. We also endeavor to create a culture where doing the right thing is embedded in the way we conduct business. Fortune Brands does this through the programs summarized below, and the objectives and related risks of each is overseen by our Board of Directors or its committees. 
 Health and Safety 
 Safety is a critical element to Fortune Brands growth strategy, integral to Company culture and one of our core values. This is reflected in our goal of zero safety incidents and through our efforts to create an injury-free workplace. Our Employee Safety Environmental Stewardship Principles set standards for how we maintain a safe work environment and guides our business operations. The Company also has an Environmental, Health Safety Leadership council composed of representatives from across the Company s businesses that share best practices and is responsible for driving environmental, health and safety strategy. This helps drive our best-in-class programs designed to reinforce positive behaviors, to empower our employees to actively take part in maintaining a safe work environment, to heighten awareness and to mitigate risk on critical safety components. Within each of our manufacturing and distribution facilities, we have site-specific safety and environmental plans designed to reduce risk. Through a continued commitment to improve our safety performance, we have historically been successful in reducing the number of injuries sustained by our employees. Two of our primary safety measures are the Total Recordable Incidence Rate TRIR and Lost Time Rate LTR ). For the year 
 6 

ended December 31, 2022, our TRIR was 1.16, compared to 1.65 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our LTR was 0.45, compared to 0.66 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year-over-year decrease in these numbers is reflective of the focus on improving newly acquired businesses. 
 
 Attracting and Retaining Superior Talent 
 
 Fortune Brands is committed to investing in the physical, emotional and financial well-being of our employees and we believe that this is a critical component of our business strategy. To attract and retain superior talent at all levels of the Company, our total rewards are designed to be market competitive, align employee incentives with Company performance and support our employees across many aspects of their lives. We have a strong pay-for-performance culture that is supported by incentive programs that take into consideration business results and employee performance. We also offer a range of benefits including retirement savings plans, comprehensive healthcare and mental-health benefits including medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings and spending accounts, and employee assistance services. In 2022, we took steps to enhance our benefit plans to further enhance inclusivity by providing enhanced parental support benefits for our U.S. associates, including fertility benefits and specialized support from adoption and surrogacy assistance to pregnancy and post-partum. Many of our businesses also offer paid parental leave. 
 
 Creating a Culture of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI 
 We continue to take measured actions that create an inclusive culture and diverse workforce, that increase representation and engagement of underrepresented associates and that are reflective of our consumers and communities. We believe that attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees will enable us to be more innovative and responsive to consumer needs and deliver strong performance and growth. 
 Fortune Brands has a comprehensive diversity, equity and inclusion strategy to increase representation of underrepresented associates. The Company is committed to increasing representation of professionals of color and women through new hires and promotions, ensuring an inclusive culture by reducing the barriers to inclusion through our policies, programs, business practices and education and by demonstrating support for racial equality in our communities through outreach and investment. As of December 31, 2022, Fortune Brands workforce is composed of 40 women. Approximately 25 of hourly production and distribution employees are people of color and 10 of employees in an office role are people of color. All people leaders were included in our unconscious bias learning program over the past two years, and bi-annual engagement survey fosters our employee listening strategy, providing routine feedback and meaningful action to drive improvement in our culture and DEI awareness. 
 The Company also continued to expand its employee resource groups and diverse partnerships during 2022. We now have a dedicated employee resource group for our Women, Black, Hispanic, LGBTQ, Military, and Parents and Caregivers employees that are focused on activating and educating leaders and accelerating an inclusive culture. Our partnerships with Network of Executive Women (Next Up), Plexus and The Historic Alliance for Career Advancement (HACE) support our employee resource groups and talent acquisition teams. These actions supplement the Company s (i) inclusive culture councils, which are responsible for setting priorities and initiatives that support an inclusive work environment, and (ii) employee resource groups that support DEI initiatives and provide networking and professional development opportunities. 
 Talent Development and Succession 
 We aim to inspire and equip our associates to be successful in their current roles within the organization and help them to develop the skills to build on opportunities to grow their career. We understand our most critical roles that serve as points of leverage to deliver value and place our best people in those roles, while attracting new talent and capabilities in support of continuous improvement in all we do. Fortune Brands uses performance management programs to support a high-performance culture, strengthening our employee engagement and helping to retain our top talent. The Company provides associates with relevant skills training and provides leadership training for production and distribution associates in a 
 7 

supervisory role and for mid-level office associates. The Company also makes a significant investment in assessing our talent against the jobs both in the near term and the future and ensuring our leaders are prepared for greater levels of responsibility and can successfully transition into new roles. 
 Succession planning for critical roles is an important part of our talent program. Succession and development plans are created and monitored to ensure progress is made along established timelines. 
 Seasonality. All of our operating segments traditionally experience lower sales in the first quarter of the year when new home construction, repair and remodel activity, and security buying are at their lowest. As a result of sales seasonality and associated timing of working capital fluctuations, our cash flow from operating activities is typically higher in the second half of the year. 
 Environmental matters. We believe that the cost of complying with the present environmental protection laws, before considering estimated recoveries either from other potentially responsible parties under Superfund or similar state laws or from insurance, will not have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Available Information. The Company s website address is www.FBIN.com. The Company s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports are available free of charge on the Company s website as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed or furnished electronically with the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC are also made available on its website at www.sec.gov. 
 8 

Item 1A. R isk Factors. 
 There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with our business that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Set forth below are descriptions of those risks and uncertainties that we currently believe to be material, but the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. If any of these risks materialize, our business, financial condition or operating results could suffer. In this case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Industry Risks 
 Our business primarily relies on North American and Chinese home improvement, repair and remodel, and new home construction activity levels, all of which are impacted by risks associated with fluctuations in the housing market. Downward changes in the general economy, the housing market, unfavorable interest rates or other business conditions could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our business primarily relies on home improvement, repair and remodel, and new home construction activity levels, principally in North America and China. The housing market is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment, access to and the cost of labor, consumer confidence, demographic changes, consumer income, government tax programs, availability of financing, inflation and interest rate levels. Adverse changes in any of these conditions generally, or in any of the markets where we operate, could decrease demand and could adversely impact our businesses by: causing consumers to delay or decrease home ownership; making consumers more price conscious, resulting in a shift in demand to smaller, less expensive homes; making consumers more reluctant to make investments in their existing homes or causing them to delay investments, including kitchen and bath repair and remodel projects; or making it more difficult to secure loans for major renovations. Due to heightened inflation and increases in interest rates during 2022, the pace of single-family and existing home sales activity and new home construction and repair and remodel activities has slowed, which adversely impacted our results, and it is uncertain when such activities will recover. 
 We operate in very competitive consumer and trade brand categories. 
 The markets in which we operate are very competitive. Although we believe that competition in our businesses is based largely on product quality, consumer and trade brand reputation, customer service and product features, as well as fashion trends, innovation and ease of installation, price is a significant factor for consumers as well as our trade customers. Some of our competitors may resort to price competition to sustain or grow market share and manufacturing capacity utilization. Also, certain large customers continue to offer private-label brands that compete with some of our product offerings as a lower-cost alternative. The strong competition that we face in all of our businesses may adversely affect our profitability and revenue levels, as well as our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We may not successfully execute on our strategic plans, and our strategies may not prove effective in the face of business competition or yield the intended results. 
 The success of our business and business strategies depends on meeting consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product improvements. We aim to introduce products and new or improved production processes proactively to offset obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. We may not be successful in product development and our new products may not be commercially successful. In addition, it is possible that competitors may improve their products or processes more rapidly or effectively, which could adversely affect our sales. Furthermore, market demand may decline as a result of consumer preferences trending away from our categories or trending down within our brands or product categories, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 9 

In connection with the Separation, we shifted from a decentralized structure with separate businesses to a more aligned operating model that prioritizes activities that are core to brand, innovation, and channel, among other changes. Although we believe that this transition allows us to fully leverage the scale and execution excellence of our total business, such transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and may result in a diversion of management s focus and attention from other aspects of our business. In addition, our new operating model may not yield the intended results, and may have unexpected consequences, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations and make it more difficult for us to execute on our strategic plans. 
 Our businesses rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and dealers, retailers and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. 
 We rely on a distribution network comprised of consolidating customers. Any disruption to the existing distribution channels could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The consolidation of distributors or retailers or the financial instability or default of a distributor or one of its major customers could potentially cause such a disruption. In addition to our own sales force, we offer our products through a variety of third-party distributors, representatives and retailers. Certain of our distributors, representatives or retailers may also market other products that compete with our products. In addition, one or more retailers may stop carrying certain of our products, reduce the volume of purchases of our products and/or replace certain of our products with the products of our competitors. The loss or termination of, or significant reduction in sales to, one or more of our major distributors, representatives or retailers, the failure of one or more of our distributors, representatives or retailers to effectively promote our products, or changes in the financial or business condition of these distributors, representatives or retailers could adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Operational and Sourcing Risks 
 Risks associated with our ability to improve organizational productivity and global supply chain efficiency and flexibility could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price or if we experience other manufacturing, supply or distribution difficulties, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We acquire our components and raw materials from many suppliers and vendors in various countries. We endeavor to ensure the continuity of our components and materials and make efforts to diversify certain of our sources of components and materials, but we cannot guarantee these efforts will be successful. A reduction or interruption in supply or an issue in the supply chain, including as a result of our inability to quickly develop acceptable alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell our products in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 We regularly evaluate our organizational productivity and global supply chains and assess opportunities to increase capacity, reduce costs and enhance quality. We may be unable to enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions, as well as manage continued cost inflation, including wages, pension and medical costs. Our success depends in part on refining our cost structure and supply chains to promote consistently flexible and low-cost supply chains that can respond to market changes to protect profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Supply chain disruptions could continue to impact our ability to timely source necessary components and inputs. Import tariffs could potentially lead to increases in prices of raw materials or components which are critical to our business. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality, capacity or cost reductions could impair our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risks associated with global commodity and energy availability and price volatility, as well as the possibility of sustained inflation, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with global commodity price volatility arising from restricted or uneven supply conditions, the sustained expansion and volatility of demand from emerging markets, potentially unstable geopolitical and economic variables, severe weather and other unpredictable external factors. 
 10 

We buy raw materials that contain commodities such as wood, petroleum-based products such as resins, brass, zinc, steel, aluminum and glass. In addition, our distribution costs are significantly impacted by the price of oil and diesel fuel. Decreased availability and increased or volatile prices for these commodities, as well as energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase the costs of our products. We have been and may continue to be impacted by near-term supply, labor and freight constraints, a volatile global supply chain environment, as well as sustained increased rates of inflation, rising interest rates, unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and ongoing tariffs, all of which have increased our costs. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and passing on increasing costs to our customers over time, there is no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future, and the risk of potentially sustained high levels of inflation could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While we may use derivative contracts to limit our short-term exposure to commodity price volatility, the commodity exposures under these contracts could still be material to our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, in periods of declining commodity prices, these derivative contracts may have the short-term effect of increasing our expenditures for these raw materials. 
 We may experience delays or outages in our information technology systems and computer networks. We may be subject to breaches of our information technology systems, which could damage our reputation and consumer relationships. Such breaches could subject us to significant financial, legal and operational consequences. 
 We, like most companies, may be subject to information technology system failures and network disruptions caused by delays or disruptions due to system updates, natural disasters, malicious attacks, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events or disruptions. We rely upon information technology systems and infrastructure, including support provided by third parties, to support our business, our products and our customers. Our businesses may implement digital systems or technologies, enterprise resource planning systems or add applications to replace outdated systems and to operate more efficiently. We may not be able to successfully implement these projects without experiencing difficulties. Any expected benefits of implementing projects might not be realized or the costs of implementation might outweigh the benefits realized. 
 We routinely rely on systems for manufacturing, customer orders, shipping, regulatory compliance and various other matters, as well as information technology systems and infrastructure to aid us in the collection, use, storage and transfer and other processing of data including confidential, business, financial, and personal information. Security threats, including cyber and other attacks, are becoming increasingly sophisticated, frequent and adaptive. In addition, a greater number of our employees are working remotely in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which (among other things) could expose us to greater risks related to cybersecurity and our information technology systems. Third-party systems that we rely upon could also become vulnerable to the same risks and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security of our own systems. We believe we devote appropriate resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, but these security measures cannot provide absolute security. Breaches and breakdowns affecting our information technology systems or protected data could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We manufacture, source and sell products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally, including risks associated with uncertain trade environments. 
 We manufacture, source or sell our products in a number of locations throughout the world, predominantly in the U.S., Asia, Canada, Europe, Mexico and Africa. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with potential disruption caused by changes in political, economic and social environments, including war, civil and political unrest, illnesses declared as a public health emergency (including viral pandemics such as COVID-19), terrorism, expropriation, local labor conditions, changes in laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments and trade disputes with the U.S., and U.S. laws affecting activities of U.S. companies abroad. We could be adversely affected by higher manufacturing costs and international trade regulations, including duties, tariffs and antidumping penalties. Risks inherent to 
 11 

international operations include: potentially adverse tax laws; unfavorable changes or uncertainty relating to trade agreements or importation duties; uncertainty regarding clearance and enforcement of intellectual property rights; risks associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws; mandatory or voluntary shutdowns of our facilities or our suppliers due to changes in political dynamics that could result in longer lead times, economic policies or health emergencies and difficulty enforcing contracts. While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of the currencies will impact our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, fluctuations in currency can adversely impact the cost position of our products in local currency, making it more difficult for us to compete. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our businesses through the impact of these potential changes. 
 Disruption of operations could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We manufacture a significant portion of the products we sell. Any prolonged disruption in our manufacturing operations, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, continued labor shortages, transportation-related shortages, supply chain constraints, COVID-19, weather conditions (including due to the impacts of climate change, particularly for those facilities near any shorelines or in any other area traditionally impacted by extreme weather), lack of raw material or component availability, startup inefficiencies for new operations, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disasters, fires and explosions, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events) or other reasons, could negatively impact our profitability and competitive position and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our inability to obtain raw materials and finished goods in a timely and cost-effective manner from suppliers could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and market our products. 
 We purchase raw materials to be used in manufacturing our products and also rely on third-party manufacturers to produce certain of the finished goods we sell. We often do not enter into long-term contracts with our suppliers or sourcing partners. Instead, most raw materials and sourced goods are obtained on a purchase order basis. In addition, in some instances, we maintain single-source or limited-source sourcing relationships, either because multiple sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity or price considerations. Financial, operating or other difficulties encountered by our suppliers or sourcing partners or changes in our relationships with them could result in manufacturing or sourcing interruptions, delays and inefficiencies, and prevent us from manufacturing or obtaining the finished goods necessary to meet customer demand. If we are unable to meet customer demand, there could be an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risks associated with strategic acquisitions and joint ventures could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We consider acquisitions and joint ventures as a means of enhancing stockholder value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures; difficulties retaining the acquired businesses customers; the inability to achieve the expected financial results and benefits of transactions; the loss of key employees from acquired companies; implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, policies and information systems; and diversion of management s attention from other business and strategic matters. Future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt or issue additional shares, resulting in dilution in earnings per share and return on capital. 
 Impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results. 
 Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by management at least annually. If the carrying value exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, the goodwill is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its fair value, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings . Future events may occur that would adversely affect the fair value of our goodwill or other acquired intangible assets and require impairment charges. Such events may include, but are not 
 12 

limited to, lower than forecasted revenues, actual new construction and repair and remodel growth rates that fall below our assumptions, actions of key customers, increases in discount rates, continued economic uncertainty, higher levels of unemployment, weak consumer confidence, lower levels of discretionary consumer spending, a decrease in royalty rates and a decline in the trading price of our common stock. We continue to evaluate the impact of economic and other developments to assess whether impairment indicators are present. Accordingly, we may be required to perform impairment tests based on changes in the economic environment and other factors, and these tests could result in impairment charges in the future. 
 Our pension costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the financial markets and changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions. 
 Increases in the costs of pension benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of: the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension plan assets; potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations; and changes to our investment strategy that may impact our expected return on pension plan assets assumptions. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Our accounting policy for defined benefit plans may subject earnings to volatility due to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses, particularly due to the change in the fair value of pension assets and interest rates. Funding requirements for our U.S. pension plans may become more significant. However, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations. 
 Legal, Regulatory and People Risks 
 COVID-19 has impacted our business and may cause further disruptions to our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had an impact on many aspects of the Company s business and operations and may continue to impact the Company in the future, including impacting our ability to efficiently operate our facilities across the globe, the ability of our suppliers to supply and manufacture key inputs, availability and cost of transportation and logistics, customer behaviors, our employees, the distributors, dealers and retailers who sell our products, and the market generally. Our business could be negatively impacted over the longer term if the disruptions related to COVID-19 decrease consumer confidence and housing investments, or precipitate a prolonged economic downturn and/or an extended rise in unemployment or tempering of wage growth, any of which could lower demand for our products. The COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate certain of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in and may continue to result in operational challenges in the manufacturing of our products and the operation of the related domestic and international supply chains supporting our ability to manufacture our products and distribute them through our channels. Restrictions on or disruptions of transportation or increased border controls or closures, or other impacts on domestic and global supply chains or distribution channels, have in the past and could in the future increase our raw materials and commodity costs, increase demand for raw materials and commodities from competing purchasers, limit our ability to manufacture and distribute products to meet customer demand or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel and other labor constraints could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of qualified personnel at all levels, including our senior management team and other key employees. Their motivation, skills, experience, contacts and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations and administration. 
 13 

Low unemployment rates in the U.S., rising wages, competition for qualified talent and attracting and retaining personnel in remote locations could result in the failure to attract, motivate and retain personnel. This has resulted in higher employee costs, increased attrition and significant shifts in the labor market and employee expectations, and we may continue to face challenges in finding and retaining qualified personnel, particularly at the production level, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Concerns over the long-term effects of climate change have led to, and we expect will continue to lead to, governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those effects. The Company will need to respond to any new laws and regulations as well as to consumer, investor and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns, which may increase our operational complexity and result in costs to us in order to comply with any new laws, regulations or preferences. Further, the effects of climate change may negatively impact international, regional and local economic activity, which may lower demand for our products or disrupt our manufacturing or distribution operations. Overall, climate change, its effects and the resulting, unknown impact on government regulation, consumer, investor and business preferences could have a long-term material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Environmental, social and governance matters may adversely impact our business and reputation. 
 In addition to the importance of their financial performance, companies are increasingly being judged by their performance on a variety of environmental, social and governance ESG matters. 
 In light of the increased focus on ESG matters, there can be no certainty that we will manage such issues successfully, or that we will successfully meet stakeholder expectations as to our proper role. Any failure or perceived failure by us in this regard could adversely impact our business and reputation. 
 In addition, developing and acting on ESG initiatives, including collecting, measuring and reporting related data, can be costly, difficult and time consuming. Significant expenditures and commitment of time by management, employees and outside advisors is involved in developing, implementing and overseeing policies, practices and internal controls related to ESG risk and performance, and we may undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics as the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand. Such costs may have an adverse impact our business and results of operations. 
 We also may face potential governmental enforcement actions or private litigation challenging our ESG and sustainability goals, or our disclosure of those goals and our metrics for measuring achievement of them, which may increase our costs of compliance. 
 Changes in government and industry regulatory standards could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Government regulations and policies pertaining to trade agreements, health and safety (including protection of employees as well as consumers), taxes and environment (including those specific to climate change and the reduction of air and energy emissions) may continue to emerge in the U.S., as well as internationally. In particular, there may be additional tariffs or taxes related to our imported raw materials, components and finished goods. It is necessary for us to comply with current requirements (including requirements that do not become effective until a future date), and even more stringent requirements could be imposed on our products or processes in the future. Compliance with changes in taxes, tariffs and other regulations may require us to further alter our manufacturing and installation processes and our sourcing. Such actions may result in customers transitioning to available competitive products; loss of market share; negative publicity; reputational damage; loss of customer confidence; or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price) and could increase our capital expenditures and adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 14 

Future tax law changes or the interpretation of existing tax laws may materially impact our effective income tax rate, the resolution of unrecognized tax benefits and cash tax payments. 
 Our businesses are subject to taxation in the U.S., as well as internationally, including income tax, value-added tax and property tax. Our total tax expense could be affected by changes in tax rates in the jurisdictions in which our businesses are subject to taxation, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such laws by tax authorities which may have a material impact on our financial results. In addition, we are routinely audited by tax authorities in many jurisdictions. Although we believe we record and accrue tax estimates that are reasonable and appropriate, these estimates are based on assumptions and require the exercise of significant judgment, and there are significant uncertainties in these estimates. As a result, the ultimate outcome from any audit could be materially different from amounts reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a material adverse effect on earnings between the period of initial recognition of tax estimates in our financial statements and the point of ultimate tax audit settlement. 
 Our inability to secure and protect our intellectual property rights could negatively impact revenues and brand reputation. 
 We have many patents, trademarks, brand names, trade names and trade secrets that, in the aggregate, are important to our business. Unauthorized use of these intellectual property rights or other loss of our intellectual property competitive position may not only erode sales of our products but also cause us to incur substantial significant damage to our brand name and reputation, interfere with our ability to effectively represent the Company to our customers, contractors and suppliers, and increase litigation costs. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our brands and trademark rights will prevent violations. In addition, existing patent, trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our intellectual property from infringement by others. There can be no assurance that our efforts to assess possible third-party intellectual property rights will ensure the Company s ability to manufacture, distribute, market or sell in any given country or territory. Furthermore, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers which may require us to incur significant expense to defend such litigation or indemnify our customers. 
 Potential liabilities and costs from claims and litigation could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are, from time to time, involved in various claims, litigation matters and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business and that could have an adverse effect on us. These matters may include contract disputes, intellectual property disputes, product recalls, personal injury claims, construction defects and home warranty claims, warranty disputes, environmental claims or proceedings, other tort claims, employment and tax matters, and other proceedings and litigation, including class actions. It is not possible to predict the outcome of pending or future litigation, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are subject to product safety regulations, recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant liability and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, can be costly to defend. As a result of the difficulty of controlling the quality of products or components sourced from other manufacturers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products and to limitations on our recourse against such suppliers. 
 
 15 

Risks Related to the Separation of MasterBrand 
 
 The Separation may not achieve some or all of the benefits anticipated, and, following the Separation, our stock price may underperform relative to our expectations. 
 
 By completing the Separation of MasterBrand, the Company created two independent, publicly traded companies with the resources to enhance the long-term growth and return prospects and offer substantially greater long-term value to the stockholders, customers and employees of each company. Although we believe that the Separation will provide financial, operational and other benefits to us and our stockholders, it may not provide such results on the scope or scale that we anticipate, and we may not realize the full strategic and financial benefits we expect. Failure to achieve these benefits could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and stock price. We are now a smaller and less diversified business than before the Separation, and accordingly certain business and operational risks may be amplified by the Separation. 
 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company and MasterBrand have agreed to indemnify each other for certain liabilities. If we are required to indemnify MasterBrand, our financial results could be negatively impacted. Further, MasterBrand s indemnities may not be sufficient to hold the Company harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which MasterBrand has been allocated responsibility, and MasterBrand may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. 
 
 Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other agreements between the Company and MasterBrand related to the Separation, each party has agreed to indemnify the other for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. Indemnities that MasterBrand is required to provide to us are not subject to any cap and may be significant and could negatively impact our business. Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that MasterBrand has agreed to retain. Any amounts that we may be required to pay pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of our operating business. Further, the indemnities from MasterBrand for our benefit may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, and MasterBrand may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. 
 
 Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from MasterBrand any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 If the Separation, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we and our stockholders could be subject to significant tax liability or tax indemnity obligations. 
 
 We received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and the IRS Ruling and an opinion from Sidley Austin LLP (the Sidley Opinion ), together, substantially to the effect that the spin-off and the Separation of MatserBrand will qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (except for any stockholders that received cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock). 
 
 Although a private letter ruling from the IRS is generally binding on the IRS, the IRS Ruling relied on certain facts, assumptions and representations from us and MasterBrand, including representations regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses. Moreover, the IRS Ruling is not a comprehensive ruling regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Separation. The Sidley Opinion also relied on certain facts, assumptions and representations, as described therein, as well as the continued validity of the IRS Ruling. The Sidley Opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and the IRS or the courts may not agree with such opinion. 
 
 16 

Notwithstanding the IRS Ruling and the Sidley Opinion, the IRS could determine that the Separation should be treated as taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, or representations is not correct or has been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion that are not covered by the IRS Ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the Separation. If the Separation ultimately is determined to be taxable, the Separation could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, the Company could recognize gains in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the MasterBrand common stock distributed to Fortune Brands' stockholders on the date of the Separation over Fortune Brands tax basis in such MasterBrand common stock. Furthermore, Fortune Brands could incur significant tax indemnification obligations under the Tax Allocation Agreement related to the Separation. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. P roperties. 
 Our principal executive office is located in Deerfield, Illinois. We operate 15 U.S. manufacturing facilities in 8 states and have 14 manufacturing facilities in international locations (4 in Mexico, 4 in Europe, 4 in Africa, 1 in Asia and 1 in Canada). In addition, we have 52 distribution centers and warehouses worldwide, of which 41 are leased. The following table provides additional information with respect to these properties. 

Segment 
 
 Manufacturing Facilities 

Distribution Centers and Warehouses 

Owned 

Leased 

Total 

Owned 

Leased 

Total 

Water Innovations 

7 

5 

12 

7 

23 

30 

Outdoors Security 

14 

3 

17 

4 

18 

22 

Totals 

21 

8 

29 

11 

41 

52 

We are of the opinion that the properties are suitable to our respective businesses and have production capacities adequate to meet the current needs of our businesses. 
 Item 3. Lega l Proceedings. 
 The Company is a defendant in lawsuits that are ordinary, routine litigation matters incidental to its businesses. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending actions, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that these actions could be decided unfavorably to the Company. The Company believes that there are meritorious defenses to these actions and that these actions will not have a material adverse effect upon the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, and, where appropriate, these actions are being vigorously contested. Accordingly, the Company believes the likelihood of material loss is remote. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Sa fety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 17 

Infor mation about our current Executive Officers 
 As of the date of this filing, our executive officers are: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Nicholas I. Fink 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Patrick D. Hallinan 
 
 55 
 
 Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

Cheri M. Phyfer 
 
 51 
 
 Executive Vice President and Group President 

Hiranda S. Donoghue 
 
 44 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Corporate Secretary 

Sheri R. Grissom 
 
 58 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer 

John D. Lee 
 
 50 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Growth Officer 

Ron Wilson 
 
 57 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer 

Dan Luburic 
 
 51 
 
 Vice President and Corporate Controller 

Nicholas I. Fink has served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2020. From March 2019 to January 2020, Mr. Fink served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Fortune Brands. From July 2016 to March 2019, Mr. Fink served as President of the Company s Water Innovations business. 
 Patrick D. Hallinan has served as Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer of Fortune Brands since July 2017. From January 2017 to July 2017, Mr. Hallinan served as Senior Vice President of Finance of Fortune Brands. 
 Cheri M. Phyfer has served as Executive Vice President and Group President of Fortune Brands since September 2022. From March 2019 to September 2022, Ms. Phyfer served as President of the Company's Water Innovations segment. Ms. Phyfer served as President of Moen s U.S. business from February 2018 to March 2019. Prior to that, Ms. Phyfer held various positions at the Sherwin-Williams Company, a manufacturer of paint and coatings products, including President of the Consumer Brands Group in 2017 and President General Manager Diversified Brands from 2013 to 2017. 
 Hiranda S. Donoghue has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Corporate Secretary of Fortune Brands since December 2021. Ms. Donoghue served as Vice President Deputy General Counsel of Baxter International Inc., a healthcare company, from November 2018 to December 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Donoghue held various positions as a legal advisor at Walgreen Co., from October 2007 to November 2018, including most recently as Vice President, Corporate and M A Legal from October 2017 to November 2018. 
 Sheri R. Grissom has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer of Fortune Brands since February 2015. 
 John D. Lee has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Growth Officer of Fortune Brands since January 2020. Mr. Lee served as Senior Vice President, Global Growth Development of the Water Innovations segment from July 2016 to January 2020. 
 
 Ron Wilson has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer of Fortune Brands since September 2022. Mr. Wilson joined Fortune Brands as Senior Vice President of Global Operations of the Company s Water Innovations segment from November 2019 to September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Wilson served as Vice President of Operations for ABB, an electrification and automation technology company, from June 2018 to April 2019 and as Vice President of Operations for the Industrial Solutions business of General Electric, an industrial technology company, from January to June 2018. 
 Dan Luburic has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of Fortune Brands since October 2011. 
 
 As previously announced, Mr. Patrick D. Hallinan notified the Company of his intention to resign as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Mr. David V. Barry has been appointed by the Board of Directors to succeed Mr. Hallinan, each effective on March 2, 2023. 
 18 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information, Dividends and Holders of Record 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol FBIN . On December 15, 2022, our ticker symbol was changed from FBHS to FBIN. 
 In December 2022, our Board of Directors announced a quarterly cash dividend of 0.23 per share of our common stock. Our Board of Directors will continue to evaluate dividend payment opportunities on a quarterly basis. There can be no assurance as to when and if future dividends will be paid, or at what level, because the payment of dividends is dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 
 The source of our unconsolidated revenues and funds is dividends and other payments from our subsidiary businesses. Our subsidiaries are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their abilities to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their capital stock or other payments to the Company. 
 On February 10, 2023, there were 7,691 record holders of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share. A substantially greater number of holders of the Company s common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers or other financial institutions. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Below are the repurchases of common stock by the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Total number of shares purchased (a) 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (a) 

Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (a) 

October 1 October 31 

689,000 

56.54 

689,000 

584,610,783 

November 1 November 30 

584,610,783 

December 1 December 31 

584,610,783 

Total 

689,000 

56.54 

689,000 

(a) Information on the Company s share repurchase program follows: 

Authorization date 
 
 Announcement date 
 
 Authorization amount of shares of outstanding common stock 
 
 Expiration date 

March 2, 2022 
 
 March 2, 2022 
 
 750,000,000 
 
 March 2, 2024 

19 

Stock Performance 

The above graph compares the relative performance of our common stock, the S P 500 Index, the S P MidCap 400 Index, our Peer Group and the S P MidCap 400 Consumer Durables Index. This graph covers the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. This graph assumes 100 was invested in the stock or the index on December 31, 2017 and also assumes the reinvestment of dividends. As a result of the Separation, we are no longer considered a component of the S P 500 Index as of December 31, 2022 and will no longer provide a comparison to that index in future years. We will also no longer provide a comparison to our selected peer group index, as we believe that this group is no longer representative of our peers following the Separation. We have selected the S P MidCap 400 Index and S P MidCap 400 Consumer Durables Index for comparison going forward due to the similarities of the companies in those indexes with respect to our market capitalization and line of business, respectively. The foregoing performance graph is being furnished as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K solely in accordance with the requirement under Rule 14a-3(b)(9) to furnish our stockholders with such information, and therefore, shall not be deemed to be filed or incorporated by reference into any filings by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Peer Group Index. The 2022 peer group is composed of the following publicly traded companies corresponding to the Company s core businesses: 
 
 Armstrong World Industries Inc., Fastenal Co., American Woodmark, Masonite, Leggett Platt Inc., Lennox International Inc, Masco Corp, Mohawk Industries, Inc., Newell Brands, Sherwin-Williams Co., and Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 
 
 20 

Calculation of Peer Group Index 
 
 The weighted-average total return of the entire peer group, for the period of December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, is calculated in the following manner: 
 
 (1) The total return of each peer group member is calculated by dividing the change in market value of a share of its common stock during the period, assuming reinvestment of any dividends, by the value of a share of its common stock at the beginning of the period; and 

(2) Each peer group member s total return is then weighted within the index based on its market capitalization relative to the market capitalization of the entire index, and the sum of such weighted returns results in a weighted-average total return for the entire Peer Group Index. 

Item 6. Reser ved. 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Introduction 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and provides additional information on our business, recent developments, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, cash flows and results of operations. MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview: This section provides a general description of our business and a discussion of management s general outlook regarding market demand, our competitive position and product innovation, as well as recent developments we believe are important to understanding our results of operations and financial condition or in understanding anticipated future trends. 

Basis of Presentation: This section provides a discussion of the basis on which our consolidated financial statements were prepared. 

Results of Operations: This section provides an analysis of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources: This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and an analysis of our cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. This section also provides a discussion of our contractual obligations, other purchase commitments and customer credit risk that existed at December 31, 2022, as well as a discussion of our ability to fund our future commitments and ongoing operating activities through internal and external sources of capital. 

Critical Accounting Estimates: This section identifies and summarizes those accounting policies that significantly impact our reported results of operations and financial condition and require significant judgment or estimates on the part of management in their application. 

Overview 
 The Company is a leader in home, security and commercial building products focused on the design, manufacture and sale of market-leading branded products in the following categories: plumbing and accessories, entry door and storm door systems, security products, and outdoor performance materials used in decking and railing products. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales based on country of destination were: 

(In millions) 

United States 

3,763.6 

80 

China 

363.9 

8 

Canada 

368.2 

8 

Other international 

227.3 

4 

Total 

4,723.0 

100 

We believe that the Company has certain competitive advantages including market-leading brands, a diversified mix of channels, lean and flexible supply chains and a strong capital structure, as well as a tradition of strong innovation and customer service. We are focused on outperforming our markets in growth, profitability and returns in order to drive increased stockholder value. We believe the Company s track record reflects the long-term attractiveness and potential of the categories we serve and our leading brands. The long-term outlook for our products remain favorable, and our strategic advantages, including the set of capabilities we refer to as the Fortune Brands Advantage, has helped us to continue to achieve profitable organic growth. 
 We continue to believe our most attractive opportunities are to invest in profitable organic growth initiatives, pursue accretive strategic acquisitions, non-controlling equity investments, and joint ventures, and return cash to stockholders through a combination of dividends and repurchases of shares of our 
 22 

common stock under our share repurchase program as explained in further detail under Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 The U.S. market for our products primarily consists of spending on both new home construction and repair and remodel activities within existing homes, with a substantial majority of the markets we serve consisting of repair and remodel spending. Continued growth in the U.S. market for our home products will largely depend on consumer confidence, employment, wage growth, home prices, stable mortgage rates and credit availability. Recent increases in inflation and mortgage rates have slowed the pace of single-family and existing home sales activity and new home construction and repair and remodel activities. However, we believe we are well positioned to manage what we expect to be a short-term slow-down in the housing market as we believe the fundamental drivers of the housing market remain intact. 
 We have been and may continue to be impacted by near-term supply, labor and freight constraints, a volatile global supply chain environment, as well as sustained increased rates of inflation, rising interest rates, unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the ongoing costs of tariffs. We continue to manage these challenges and are diligently working to offset potential unfavorable impacts of these items through continuous productivity improvement initiatives and price increases. 
 
 During the three years ended December 31, 2022, our net sales grew at a compounded annual rate of 11.8 as we benefited from a growing U.S. home products market, acquisitions and growth in international markets. Operating income grew at a compounded annual rate of 14.2 with consolidated operating margins between 15 and 17 from 2020 to 2022. Growth in operating income was primarily due to higher sales volume, changes to our portfolio of businesses, control over our operating expenses and the benefits of manufacturing productivity programs. 
 During 2022, the U.S. home products market grew due to increases in repair and remodel and new home construction activity. We believe spending for home repair and remodeling increased approximately 4 and new housing construction experienced approximately 3 growth in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2022, net sales declined 1.6 due to slowing housing market activity in China, lower sales unit volume in both of our segments due to the impact of inventory reductions by our distribution channel partners, lower sales demand in the U.S. and Canada and higher sales incentives, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 41 million. These factors were partially offset by price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases in both of our segments and the benefit from the Solar and Aqualisa acquisitions 50.2 million combined). In 2022, operating income decreased 4.5 over 2021 primarily due to lower net sales, higher commodity costs, separation and other transaction costs related to the Separation 83 million in 2022, of which 73 million is presented within discontinued operations), and higher transportation, restructuring, sales rebate and headcount related costs, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 12 million. These factors were partially offset by the benefit from productivity improvements, favorable geographic channel mix in the Water Innovations segment and lower advertising and marketing costs. 
 Recent Developments 
 In the first quarter of 2022, our Plumbing segment was renamed Water Innovations to better align with our key brands and organizational purpose. The Plumbing segment name change had no impact on the Company s historical financial position, results of operations, cash flow or segment-level results previously reported. 
 n 
 In December 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Emtek and Schaub premium and luxury door and cabinet hardware business and the United States and Canada Yale and August residential smart home locks business from ASSA ABLOY, Inc. ASSA ), for a purchase price of 800 million in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to customary adjustments. The transaction is conditioned on the successful closing of the acquisition of such businesses by ASSA from Spectrum Brands, Inc. following a favorable resolution of the court proceedings with the U.S. Department of Justice 
 23 

and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. The Company intends to finance the transaction with cash on hand and borrowings under our existing credit facility. 
 In July 2022, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity of Aqualisa Holdings (International) Ltd. Aqualisa ), a leading U.K. manufacturer of shower products known for premium, innovative and smart digital shower systems, for a purchase price of 156.0 million, net of cash acquired of 4.8 million. We believe the acquisition of Aqualisa will enable us to continue to leverage growing trends in water management and connected products. We financed the transaction with borrowings under our existing credit facility. The assets and liabilities of Aqualisa were included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Aqualisa's net sales, operating income and cash flows from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2022 were not material to the Company and are included in the Water Innovations segment. 
 In January 2022, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity of Solar Innovations LLC and an affiliated entity (together, Solar ), a leading producer of wide-opening exterior door systems and outdoor enclosures, for a purchase price of 61.6 million, net of cash acquired. Its complementary product offerings support the segment s outdoor living strategy. The purchase price is subject to a final post-closing working capital adjustment. We financed the transaction using cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. The assets and liabilities of Solar were included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Solar's net sales, operating income and cash flows from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2022 were not material to the Company and are included in the Outdoors Security segment. 
 On December 14, 2022, the Company completed the spin-off of its Cabinets business, MasterBrand, Inc. MasterBrand ), via a tax-free spin-off transaction (the Separation ). The Separation created two independent, publicly traded companies. Immediately following completion of the Separation, the Company changed its name from Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. to Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and its stock ticker changed from FBHS to FBIN to better reflect its focus on activities related to core brands and innovation. As a result of the Separation, our former Cabinets segment was disposed of and the operating results of the Cabinets business are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts, percentages and disclosures for all periods presented reflect only the continuing operations of the Company unless otherwise noted. See Note 5, Discontinued Operations, in the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been derived from the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company s consolidated financial statements are based on a fiscal year ending December 31. Certain of the Company s subsidiaries operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending during the month of December. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following discussion of both consolidated results of operations and segment results of operations refers to the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The discussion of consolidated results of operations should be read in conjunction with the discussion of segment results of operations and our financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of results of operations are for continuing operations. 
 24 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2022 

change 

2021 

change 

2020 

Net Sales: 

Water Innovations 

2,570.2 

(6.9) 

2,761.2 

25.4 

2,202.1 

Outdoors Security 

2,152.8 

5.5 

2,039.9 

43.7 

1,419.2 

Total Fortune Brands 

4,723.0 

(1.6) 

4,801.1 

32.6 

3,621.3 

Operating Income: 

Water Innovations 

614.6 

(2.4) 

629.7 

34.6 

467.9 

Outdoors Security 

289.6 

(0.8) 

291.9 

45.0 

201.3 

Corporate 

(129.9) 

(17.6) 

(110.5) 

(8.9) 

(101.5) 

Total Fortune Brands 

774.3 

(4.5) 

811.1 

42.9 

567.7 

Certain items had a significant impact on our results in 2022, 2021 and 2020. These included restructuring and other charges, asset impairment charges and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 In 2022, financial results included: 
 the impact of foreign exchange primarily due to movement in the Canadian dollar, Mexican peso, British pound and Chinese yuan, which had an unfavorable impact compared to 2021, of approximately 41 million on net sales and of approximately 12 million both on operating income and net income; and 

restructuring and other charges of 26.8 million before tax 19.6 million after tax), largely related to severance, asset impairment and other costs associated with plant closures and headcount actions across both segments, net of a gain on the sale of a previously closed manufacturing facility within our Outdoors Security segment of approximately 6 million. 

In 2021, financial results included: 
 the impact of foreign exchange primarily due to movement in the Canadian dollar, Mexican peso, British pound and Chinese yuan, which had a favorable impact compared to 2021, of approximately 55 million on net sales and of approximately 21 million on operating income; and 

restructuring and other charges of 12.8 million before tax 10.0 million after tax), largely related to severance costs associated with the relocation of manufacturing facilities within the Outdoors Security segment. 

In 2020, financial results included: 
 restructuring and other charges of 14.3 million before tax 9.4 million after tax), largely related to headcount actions associated with COVID-19 across both segments and costs associated with changes in our manufacturing processes within our Water Innovations segment; and 

asset impairment charges of 13.0 million related to the impairment of an indefinite-lived tradename within our Water Innovations segment, which was primarily the result of forecasted sales declines resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

25 

2022 Compared to 2021 
 Total Fortune Brands 
 Net sales 
 Net sales decreased by 78.1 million, or 1.6 , due to slowing housing market activity in China, lower sales unit volume in both of our segments due to the impact of inventory reductions by our distribution channel partners, lower sales demand in the U.S. and Canada and higher sales incentives, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 41 million. These factors were partially offset by price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases in both of our segments and the benefit from the Solar and Aqualisa acquisitions 50.2 million combined). 
 Cost of products sold 
 Cost of products sold decreased by 50.5 million, or 1.8 , due to lower sales volume, productivity improvements, a gain on the sale of a previously closed manufacturing facility within our Outdoors Security segment and the absence of Larson's 2021 acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustment amortization of 3.3 million, which did not recur in 2022. These benefits are partially offset by the impact of raw material cost increases, the impact of acquisitions and labor cost increases, as well as an unfavorable inventory-related expense write-off in our Outdoors Security segment. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 15.8 million, or 1.4 , due to lower net sales and lower advertising, marketing and headcount related costs. These factors were partially offset by higher transportation costs and the impact of acquisitions. 
 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges of 32.4 million in 2022 are largely related to severance, asset impairment and other costs associated with plant closures and headcount actions across both segments. Restructuring charges of 9.3 million in 2021 were largely related to severance costs associated with the relocation of manufacturing facilities within our Outdoors Security segment. 
 Operating income 
 Operating income decreased by 36.8 million, or 4.5 , primarily due to lower net sales, higher commodity costs, separation and other transaction costs related to the Separation 83 million in 2022, of which 73 million is presented within discontinued operations), and higher transportation, restructuring, sales rebate and headcount related costs, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 12 million. These factors were partially offset by the benefit from productivity improvements, favorable geographic channel mix in the Water Innovations segment and lower advertising and marketing costs. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased by 34.9 million, or 41.4 , due to higher average interest rates and higher average borrowings. 
 26 

Other (income) expense, net 
 Other (income) expense, net, was income of 12 million in 2022, compared to expense of 0.4 million in 2021. The increase in other income, net is primarily due to the absence of a non-cash loss of 4.5 million related to the 2021 remeasurement of our investment in Flo immediately prior to consolidation, higher defined benefit income 3.7 million increase), higher interest income and favorable foreign currency adjustments. 
 Income taxes 
 The 2022 effective income tax rate was unfavorably impacted by state and local income taxes, foreign income taxed at higher rates, as well as non-deductible executive compensation. This expense was offset by favorable benefits for the release of uncertain tax positions, primarily related to audit closures and statute of limitations lapses, share-based compensation and a valuation allowance decrease. 
 
 The 2021 effective income tax rate was unfavorably impacted by state and local income taxes, foreign income taxed at higher rates, as well as non-deductible executive compensation. The 2021 expense was offset by favorable benefits for the release of uncertain tax positions, primarily related to statute of limitations lapses, and share-based compensation. 
 Income from Continuing Operations, net of tax 
 Income from continuing operations, net of income taxes, decreased by 19.8 million, or 3.5 , due to lower net sales, lower operating income and higher interest expense, partly offset by higher other income and lower tax expense. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022 included eleven and a half months of results of our former Cabinets segment. Income decreased by 65.9 million, or 31.0 , due to lower operating income including transaction costs related to the Separation 73.1 million) and impairments related to two indefinite-lived tradenames 46.4 million), higher income tax expense and higher defined benefit costs. Refer to Note 5, Discontinued Operations, in the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10k for additional details. 
 Results By Segment 
 Water Innovations 
 Net sales decreased by 191.0 million, or 6.9 , due to slowing housing market activity in China, lower sales unit volume driven by inventory reductions by our distribution channel partners, lower sales demand in the U.S. and Canada, and higher promotion and sales rebate costs, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 30 million. These factors were partially offset by the benefit from price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases, the benefit from the Aqualisa acquisition 22 million) and sales increases in our U.S. e-commerce channel. 
 Operating income decreased by 15.1 million, or 2.4 , due to lower net sales, the impact of higher commodity, freight and restructuring costs and unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 11 million. These factors were partially offset by lower employee-related costs, lower advertising and marketing costs, and favorable geographic channel mix. 
 Outdoors Security 
 Net sales increased by 112.9 million, or 5.5 , due to price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases and the benefit from the Solar acquisition 28.5 million). These benefits were partially offset by lower sales demand for our exterior doors and decking 
 27 

products and lower sales unit volume due to the impact of inventory reductions by our distribution channel partners, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 11 million. 
 Operating income decreased by 2.3 million, or 0.8 , due to commodity cost inflation, higher employee-related and freight costs, and higher restructuring charges, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 1 million. These factors were partially offset by higher net sales and manufacturing productivity improvements. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses increased by 19.4 million, or 17.3 , due to higher consulting costs relating to our digital transformation initiatives. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Total Fortune Brands 
 Net sales 
 Net sales increased by 1,179.8 million, or 32.6 , due to higher sales volume including the favorable comparison to 2020, when our volumes were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, the benefit from the Larson acquisition 403.4 million) and price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases, as well as favorable foreign exchange of approximately 55 million, partially offset by unfavorable mix. 
 Cost of products sold 
 Cost of products sold increased by 683.2 million, or 31.7 , due to higher net sales, the impact of the Larson acquisition including higher amortization of the acquisition related inventory fair value adjustment 3.3 million in 2021), commodity cost inflation, higher tariffs and labor inflation, partially offset by the benefit from manufacturing productivity improvements and product mix. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 245.1 million, or 28.9 , due to higher employee-related costs, the impact of the Larson acquisition and higher transportation and advertising costs. 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets increased by 22.2 million, or 91.7 primarily due to the Larson acquisition in our Outdoors Security segment 18.2 million) and the 2021 consolidation of Flo in our Water Innovations segment 2.6 million). 
 Asset impairment charges 
 Asset impairment charges of 13.0 million in 2020 related to indefinite-lived tradenames within our Water Innovations segment. 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges of 9.3 million in 2021 largely related to severance costs associated with the relocation of manufacturing facilities within our Outdoor Security segment. Restructuring charges of 10.4 million in 2020 largely related to headcount actions associated with COVID-19 across both segments and costs associated with changes in our manufacturing processes within our Water Innovations segment. 
 28 

Operating income 
 Operating income increased by 243.4 million, or 42.9 , primarily due to higher net sales, the benefit from the Larson acquisition, manufacturing productivity improvements, the absence of the 2020 asset impairment charges, and lower restructuring and other charges, as well as favorable foreign exchange of approximately 21 million. These benefits were partially offset by higher commodity, employee-related transportation and advertising costs, higher amortization of intangible assets principally due to the Larson acquisition, and higher tariffs. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased by 0.5 million to 84.3 million, due to higher average borrowings partially offset by lower average interest rates. 
 Other expense (income), net 
 Other expense (income), net, was expense of 0.4 million in 2021, compared to income of 15.3 million in 2020. The decrease of 15.7 million of income is primarily due to losses of 5.0 million in 2021 and gains of 11.0 million in 2020 related to our investment in Flo prior to its consolidation and unfavorable foreign currency losses, partially offset by higher defined benefit income 1.9 million increase). 
 Income taxes 
 The 2021 and 2020 effective income tax rates were unfavorably impacted by state and local income taxes, foreign income taxed at higher rates and non-deductible executive compensation. Both 2021 and 2020 expenses were offset by favorable benefits for the release of uncertain tax positions, primarily related to statute of limitations lapses, and share-based compensation. Income from Continuing Operations, Net of Income Taxes 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, increased by 178.9 million, or 47.0 , due to higher operating income and lower equity in losses of affiliate, partly offset by higher income tax expenses, higher other expense and higher interest expense. 
 Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Income Taxes 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2021 included twelve months of results of our former Cabinets segment. Income increased by 39.1 million, or 22.6 , due to higher operating income and higher defined benefit income, partially offset by higher income tax expense. Refer to Note 5, Discontinued Operations, in the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10K for additional details. 
 
 Results By Segment 
 Water Innovations 
 Net sales increased by 559.1 million, or 25.4 , due to higher sales volume across all brands and markets, including showroom customers whose locations were negatively impacted in 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic, and price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases, as well as favorable foreign exchange of approximately 53 million. These benefits were partially offset by higher volume-based rebate costs. 
 Operating income increased by 161.8 million, or 34.6 , due to higher net sales, the benefit from manufacturing productivity improvements, the absence of the 2020 asset impairment charge 13.0 million) and favorable restructuring and other charges, as well as favorable foreign exchange of approximately 21 million. These benefits were partially offset by the impact of higher employee-related, 
 29 

freight, commodity, advertising and tariff costs, higher amortization of intangible assets related to the Flo acquisition and higher volume-based rebate costs. 
 Outdoors Security 
 Net sales increased by 620.7 million, or 43.7 , due to the benefit from the Larson acquisition 403.4 million), higher sales volume including the favorable comparison to 2020, when our volumes were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, price increases to help mitigate the impact of cumulative commodity and transportation cost increases, and lower rebate costs due to timing of sales in 2021 versus prior year period, as well as favorable foreign exchange of approximately 1 million. These benefits were partially offset by unfavorable mix primarily driven by materials availability. 
 Operating income increased by 90.6 million, or 45.0 , due to higher net sales, the benefit from the Larson acquisition and manufacturing productivity improvements. These benefits were partially offset by commodity cost inflation, higher freight and employee-related costs, and higher restructuring charges, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 1 million. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses increased by 7.0 million, or 6.8 , due to higher employee-related and consulting costs. These factors were partly offset by the absence of transaction costs associated with the Larson acquisition in 2020 4.5 million) and the absence of the impairment of a long-lived asset in 2020 3.6 million). 
 
 Liquidity and Ca pital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities, cash borrowed under our credit facility and cash from debt issuances in the capital markets. On December 14, 2022, in connection with the completion of the Separation, we also received a one-time cash payment, in the form of a dividend, from MasterBrand in the amount of 940.0 million. Our operating income is generated by our subsidiary businesses. We believe our operating cash flows, including funds available under the credit facility and access to capital markets, provide sufficient liquidity to support the Company s working capital requirements, capital expenditures and service of indebtedness, as well as to finance acquisitions, repurchase shares of our common stock and pay dividends to stockholders, as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. 
 Our cash flows from operations, borrowing availability and overall liquidity are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition, we cannot predict whether or when we may enter into acquisitions, joint ventures or dispositions, repurchase shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program or pay dividends, or what impact any such transactions could have on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, whether as a result of the issuance of debt or equity securities or otherwise. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 In March 2022, the Company issued 900 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes in a registered public offering consisting of 450 million of 4.00 senior unsecured notes maturing in 2032 and 450 million of 4.50 senior unsecured notes maturing in 2052 (together, the 2022 Notes ). The Company used the net proceeds from the 2022 Notes offering to pay down a portion of the outstanding balance on the 2021 Term Loan (as defined below). 
 30 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate outstanding notes in the principal amount of 2.7 billion, with varying maturities (the Notes ). The Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Company. The following table provides a summary of the Company s outstanding Notes, including the carrying value of the Notes, net of underwriting commissions, price discounts and debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

(in millions) 

Net Carrying Value 

Coupon Rate 
 Principal Amount 

Issuance Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

4.000 Senior Notes 
 
 500.0 

June 2015 
 
 June 2025 

498.1 

497.4 

4.000 Senior Notes 
 
 600.0 

September 2018 
 
 September 2023 

599.2 

598.2 

3.250 Senior Notes 
 
 700.0 

September 2019 
 
 September 2029 

695.0 

694.2 

4.000 Senior Notes 
 
 450.0 

March 2022 
 
 March 2032 

445.8 

- 

4.500 Senior Notes 
 
 450.0 

March 2022 
 
 March 2052 

435.4 

- 

Total Senior Notes 
 
 2,700.0 

2,673.5 

1,789.8 

Credit Facilities 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into a third amended and restated 1.25 billion revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement ), and borrowings thereunder will be used for general corporate purposes. The maturity date of the facility is August 2027. Interest rates under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement are variable based on SOFR at the time of the borrowing and the Company s long-term credit rating, and can range from SOFR + 1.02 to SOFR + 1.525 . Under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company is required to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense of 3.0 to 1.0. Consolidated EBITDA is defined as consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, losses from asset impairments and certain other one-time adjustments. In addition, the Company s ratio of consolidated debt minus certain cash and cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA generally may not exceed 3.5 to 1.0. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and our previous revolving credit facility were zero and 520.0 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we are in compliance with all covenants under this credit facility. 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into a 364-day, 400 million term loan credit agreement 2021 Term Loan for general corporate purposes that matured in November 2022. On March 1, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment and Incremental Agreement to the 2021 Term Loan (the First Amendment ). The First Amendment provided for an increase in the principal amount from 400 million to 600 million as well as the transition from LIBOR to SOFR interest rates. As a result, interest rates under the 2021 Term Loan were variable based on SOFR at the time of the borrowing and the Company's long-term credit rating and could range from SOFR + 0.725 to SOFR + 1.350 . On March 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment and Incremental Agreement to the 2021 Term Loan (the Second Amendment increasing the principal amount from 600 million to 1.1 billion. All other terms and conditions remained the same under the First Amendment and Second Amendment. Proceeds from the increased 2021 Term Loan were used to repay outstanding balances under our previous revolving credit facility. The outstanding 1.1 billion under the 2021 Term Loan was repaid on March 25, 2022 with proceeds from the 2022 Notes and other existing sources of liquidity. 
 We currently have uncommitted bank lines of credit in China, which provide for unsecured borrowings for working capital of up to 20.5 million in aggregate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, of which there were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted-average interest rates on these borrowings were zero in 2022 and 2021. 
 31 

Commercial Paper 
 In November 2021, the Company established a commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program pursuant to which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes. The Company s 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement is the liquidity backstop for the repayment of any notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program, and as such, borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program are included in Long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts available under the Commercial Paper Program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed, with the aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time, including borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, not to exceed 1.25 billion. The Company plans to use net proceeds from any issuances under the Commercial Paper Program for general corporate purposes. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the components of our long-term debt were as follows: 

(In millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Notes (due 2023 to 2052) 

2,673.5 

1,789.8 

2022 Revolving Credit Agreement 

520.0 

2021 Term Loan 

400.0 

Total debt 

2,673.5 

2,709.8 

Less: current portion 

599.2 

400.0 

Total long-term debt 

2,074.3 

2,309.8 

In our debt agreements, there are normal and customary events of default which would permit the lenders to accelerate the debt if not cured, in certain cases within applicable grace periods, such as failure to pay principal or interest when due or a change in control of the Company. There were no events of default as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cash and Seasonality 
 In 2022, we invested approximately 172.8 million in incremental capacity to support long-term growth potential and new products inclusive of cost reduction and productivity initiatives. We expect capital spending in 2023 to be in the range of 250 million to 300 million, reflecting incremental capacity investments in our decking product line within Outdoors Security. On December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 642.5 million, of which 403.9 million was held at non-U.S. subsidiaries. We manage our global cash requirements considering (i) available funds among the subsidiaries through which we conduct business, (ii) the geographic location of our liquidity needs, and (iii) the cost to access international cash balances. The repatriation of non-U.S. cash balances from certain subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences as we may be required to pay and record tax expense on those funds that are repatriated. 
 Our operating cash flows are significantly impacted by the seasonality of our business. We typically generate most of our operating cash flow in the third and fourth quarters of each year. We use operating cash in the first quarter of the year. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, and amounts available under our revolving credit facility should be sufficient for our operating requirements and enable us to fund our capital expenditures, share repurchases dividend payments, and any required long-term debt payments. The Company intends to repay or refinance the 600 million outstanding principal amount of 4.00 Senior Notes due September 2023 and to fund the approximately 800 million purchase price of the pending acquisition discussed below with cash on hand and borrowings under our existing credit facility. In addition, we believe that we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing if required. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In 2022, we repurchased 7.6 million shares of our outstanding common stock under the Company s share repurchase program for 580.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total remaining share repurchase authorization under the remaining program was approximately 584.6 million. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 32 

Dividends 
 In 2022, we paid dividends in the amount of 145.6 million to the Company s stockholders. Our Board of Directors will continue to evaluate dividend payment opportunities on a quarterly basis. There can be no assurance as to when and if future dividends will be paid, and at what level, because the payment of dividends is dependent on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. There are no restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to Fortune Brands. 
 Acquisitions 
 We periodically review our portfolio of brands and evaluate potential strategic transactions and other capital initiatives to increase stockholder value. 
 
 In December 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Emtek and Schaub premium and luxury door and cabinet hardware business and the United States and Canada Yale and August residential smart home locks business from ASSA ABLOY, Inc. ASSA ), for a purchase price of 800 million in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to customary adjustments. The transaction is conditioned on the successful closing of the acquisition of such businesses by ASSA from Spectrum Brands, Inc. following a favorable resolution of the court proceedings with the U.S. Department of Justice and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. The Company intends to finance the transaction with cash on hand and borrowings under our existing credit facility. 
 In July 2022, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity of Aqualisa for a purchase price of 156.0 million, net of cash acquired of 4.8 million. The results of Aqualisa are reported as part of the Water Innovations segment. We believe its product offerings will enable us to continue to leverage growing trends in water management and connected products. We financed the transaction with borrowings under our existing credit facility. We have not included pro forma financial information as the transaction is immaterial to our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The fair value allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of July 29, 2022 was 156.0 million, which includes 88.7 million of goodwill. Goodwill includes expected sales and cost synergies and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 In January 2022, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity of Solar for a purchase price of 61.6 million, net of cash acquired of 4.8 million. The purchase price is subject to a final post-closing working capital adjustment. We financed the transaction using cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. The results of Solar are reported as part of the Outdoors Security segment. Its complementary product offerings support the segment s outdoor living strategy. Solar's net sales and operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 were not material to the Company. We have not included pro forma financial information as the transaction is immaterial to our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The fair value allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of January 31, 2022 was 61.6 million, which includes 23.3 million of goodwill. Goodwill includes expected sales and cost synergies and is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 In December 2020, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity of Larson for a total purchase price of approximately 717.5 million, net of cash acquired. 
 33 

Cash Flows 
 Below is a summary of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, including continuing and discontinued operations. See Note 5, Discontinued Operations, in the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for additional information on the cash flow for discontinued operations. 

(In millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

566.3 

688.7 

825.7 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(455.5) 

(207.1) 

(923.5) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

72.5 

(428.6) 

111.6 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 

(11.1) 

(1.9) 

16.3 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

172.2 

51.1 

30.1 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 566.3 million in 2022, compared to 688.7 million in 2021. The 122.4 million decrease in cash provided from 2021 to 2022 included a 47.5 million increase in cash provided related to discontinued operations. The 169.9 million decrease in cash provided related to continuing operations was primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable driven by lower sales growth, lower employee incentive accruals, as the 2021 payout was greater than the 2022 accruals, and lower advertising expense accruals, lower net income and a decrease in accrued taxes due to lower income before taxes, partially offset by an reduction in the growth of our inventory investments and a decrease in accounts receivable driven by decreased sales in the fourth quarter of 2022. The 137.0 million decrease in cash provided from 2020 to 2021 included a 66.6 million decrease in cash provided related to discontinued operations. The 70.4 million decrease in cash provided related to continuing operations was primarily due to an increase in our inventory investments to mitigate the impact of an uncertain and volatile global supply chain environment, a decrease in accrued expenses and increases in accounts receivable associated with our sales growth. These factors were partially offset by higher net income. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 455.5 million in 2022 compared to 207.1 million in 2021. The increase in cash used of 248.4 million from 2021 to 2022 included an increase of 4.3 million in cash used related to discontinued operations. The 244.1 million increase in cash used related to continuing operations reflects our cost of acquisitions 217.6 million in 2022) and an increase in capital expenditures, partly offset by proceeds from the sale of previously closed manufacturing facilities. The increase in cash used of 716.4 million from 2020 to 2021 included a 24.8 million decrease in cash used related to discontinued operations. The 741.2 million decrease in cash used related to continuing operations was primarily due to the acquisition of Larson in December 2020 713.0 million decrease), the acquisition of additional shares of Flo in January and April 2020 59.4 million decrease) and the cash acquired during the consolidation of Flo in January 2021, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 72.5 million in 2022 compared to cash used in financing activities of 428.6 million in 2021. The increase in cash provided of 501.1 million from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to dividends received from MasterBrand as a result of the Separation 940.0 million), partly offset by lower net borrowings in 2022 compared to 2021 172.1 million), higher share repurchases in 2022 compared to 2021 132.4 million increase), cash retained by MasterBrand after the Separation 56.3 million), a decrease in the proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the final payment for the remaining equity interest in Flo 16.7 million). The increase in cash used of 540.2 million from 2020 to 2021 was primarily due to higher share repurchases in 2021 compared to 2020 260.1 million increase), lower net borrowings in 2021 compared to 2020 250.0 million decrease), lower proceeds from the exercise of stock options and higher dividends to shareholders 9.7 million increase). 
 Pension Plans 
 Subsidiaries of Fortune Brands sponsor their respective defined benefit pension plans, related to our continuing operations, that are funded by a portfolio of investments maintained within our benefit plan trust. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 we contributed 9.0 million, 18.5 million and 34.6 million, respectively, to our qualified pension plans. In 2023, we expect to make pension contributions of approximately 4.0 million . As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our total pension plan assets was 482.5 million, 
 34 

representing funding of 89 of the accumulated benefit obligation liability. For the foreseeable future, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet the minimum funding that may be required by the Pension Protection Act of 2006. 
 Foreign Exchange 
 We have operations in various foreign countries, principally Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, China, South Africa, France and Japan. Therefore, changes in the value of the related currencies affect our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments 
 The following summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022. Purchase obligations were 561.3 million, of which 534.0 million is due within one year. Purchase obligations include contracts for raw materials and finished goods purchases, selling and administrative services, and capital expenditures. Total lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as of December 31, 2022 were 34.1 million in 2023, 26.4 million in 2024, 19.8 million in 2025, 17.0 million in 2026, 14.2 million in 2027 and 28.6 million thereafter. 
 Due to the uncertainty of the timing of settlement with taxing authorities, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement of unrecognized tax benefits. Therefore, 33.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 have been excluded from the paragraph above. 
 In addition to the contractual obligations and commitments described above, we also had other commercial commitments for which we are contingently liable as of December 31, 2022. Other corporate commercial commitments include standby letters of credit of 31.6 million, in the aggregate, all of which expire in less than one year, and surety bonds of 24.0 million, of which 16.2 million matures in less than one year and 7.8 million matures in 1-3 years. These contingent commitments are not expected to have a significant impact on our liquidity. 
 Debt payments due during the next five years as of December 31, 2022 are 600 million in 2023, zero in 2024, 500 million in 2025, zero in 2026, zero in 2027 and 1,600 million in 2028 and beyond. Interest payments due during the next five years as of December 31, 2022 are 105 million in 2023, 152 million in 2024 through 2025, 122 million in 2026 through 2027 and 642 million in 2028 and beyond. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Certain anticipated transactions, assets and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. Principal currencies hedged include the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, the British pound and the Chinese yuan. We regularly monitor our foreign currency exposures in order to maximize the overall effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge positions. For additional information on this risk, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC requirements for Derivatives and Hedging, we recognize all derivative contracts as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet, and the measurement of those instruments is at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge and is effective, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the same period. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in other comprehensive income OCI and are recognized in the consolidated statement of income when the hedged item affects earnings. If the derivative is designated as an effective economic hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation, the changes in the fair value of the derivative is reported in the cumulative translation adjustment section of OCI. Similar to foreign currency translation adjustments, these changes in fair value are recognized in earnings only when realized upon sale or upon complete or substantially complete liquidation of the investment in the foreign entity. 
 Deferred currency gains (loss) of 4.7 million, (2.6) million and (0.7) million (before tax impact) were reclassified into earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based 
 35 

on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022, we estimate that 2.3 million of net derivative gain included in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI as of December 31, 2022, will be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 The adoption of recent accounting standards, as discussed in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements, has not had and is not expected to have a significant impact on our revenue, earnings or liquidity. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Preparation of the financial statements requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reflected in the financial statements and revenues and expenses reported for the relevant reporting periods. We believe the policies discussed below are the Company s critical accounting policies as they include the more significant, subjective and complex judgments and estimates made when preparing our consolidated financial statements. 
 Inventories 
 
 Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the net realizable dollar value for obsolete or slow-moving inventory based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products, the impact of new product introductions, inventory levels and turns, product spoilage and specific identification of items, such as product discontinuance, engineering/material changes, or regulatory-related changes. In accordance with this policy, our inventory provision was 49.2 million and 37.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 
 Long-lived Assets 

In accordance with ASC requirements for Property, Plant and Equipment, a long-lived asset (including amortizable identifiable intangible assets) or asset group held for use is tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. When such events occur, we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates that there is an impairment, the amount of the impairment is calculated based on fair value. Fair value is estimated primarily using discounted expected future cash flows on a market-participant basis. 

No impairments of long-lived assets were recorded during 2022. During 2021, we recorded an impairment of 0.2 million related to a long-lived asset to be disposed of in cost of products sold. During 2020, we recorded an impairment of 3.6 million related to a long-lived asset to be disposed of in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, which requires an allocation of the consideration we paid to the identifiable assets, intangible assets and liabilities based on the estimated fair values as of the closing 
 36 

date of the acquisition. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets, intangible assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. 
 Purchased intangibles other than goodwill are initially recognized at fair value and amortized over their useful lives unless those lives are determined to be indefinite. The valuation of acquired assets will impact future operating results. The fair value of identifiable intangible assets is determined using an income approach on an individual asset basis. Specifically, we use the multi-period excess earnings method to determine the fair value of customer relationships and the relief-from-royalty approach to determine the fair value of the tradename and proprietary technology. Determining the fair value of acquired intangibles involves significant estimates and assumptions, including forecasted revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, percentage of revenue attributable to the tradename, contributory asset charges, customer attrition rate, market-participant discount rates and the assumed royalty rates. 
 The determination of the useful life of an intangible asset other than goodwill is based on factors including historical tradename performance with respect to consumer name recognition, geographic market presence, market share, plans for ongoing tradename support and promotion, customer attrition rate and other relevant factors. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 In accordance with ASC requirements for Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, management reviews goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever market or business events indicate there may be a potential impairment of the reporting unit. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The Company s reporting units are operating segments, or one level below operating segments when appropriate. 
 To evaluate the recoverability of goodwill, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired. Qualitative factors include changes in volume, margin, customers and the industry. If it is deemed more likely than not that goodwill for a reporting unit is impaired, we will perform a quantitative impairment test where fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using the income approach using a discounted cash flow model based on estimates of future cash flows combined with the market approach using comparable trading and transaction multiples based on guideline public companies. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative testing and proceed directly to the quantitative testing. For the income approach, using a discounted cash flow model, we estimate the future cash flows of the reporting units to which the goodwill relates and then discount the future cash flows at a market-participant-derived discount rate. In determining the estimated future cash flows, we consider current and projected future levels of income based on management s plans for that business; business trends, prospects and market and economic conditions; and market-participant considerations. Furthermore, our cash flow projections used to assess impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets are significantly influenced by our projection for the U.S. new home starts and home repair remodel spending, our annual operating plans finalized in the fourth quarter of each year, and our ability to execute on various planned cost reduction initiatives supporting operating income improvements. Our projection for the U.S. home products market is inherently uncertain and is subject to a number of factors, such as employment, home prices, credit availability, new home starts and the rate of home foreclosures. For the market approach, we apply comparable trading and transaction multiples based on guideline public companies to the current operating results of the reporting units to determine each reporting unit s fair value. 
 The significant assumptions that are used to determine the estimated fair value of reporting units for impairment testing are forecasted revenue growth rates, operating income margins, market-participant discount rates, EBITDA multiples and revenue multiples. 
 The assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the goodwill related to continuing operations tested quantitatively during the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 
 37 

2022 

Unobservable Input 
 
 Minimum 

Maximum 

Weighted Average (a) 

Discount rates 

10.0 

12.0 

10.6 

Long-term revenue growth rates (b) 

3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

EBITDA multiple 

9.0 

10.0 

9.3 

Revenue multiple 

1.5 

1.7 

1.6 

(a) Weighted by relative fair value of the goodwill that was tested quantitatively. 

(b) Selected long-term revenue growth rate within 10-year projection period for the goodwill that was tested quantitatively. 

A 50 basis point change in the discount rate or long-term revenue growth rate assumptions, or a decrease in multiple of 0.2 in the EBITDA multiple or revenue multiple assumptions, during the year ended December 31, 2022 would not have resulted in an impairment being recognized when estimating the fair value of our reporting unit goodwill. 
 Certain of our tradenames have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these tradenames will contribute cash flows to the Company indefinitely. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated at least annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. We measure the fair value of identifiable intangible assets upon acquisition and we review for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever market or business events indicate there may be a potential impairment of that intangible. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. 
 We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. Qualitative factors include changes in volume, customers and the industry. If it is deemed more likely than not that an intangible asset is impaired, we will perform a quantitative impairment test. We measure fair value of our indefinite-lived tradenames using the relief-from-royalty approach which estimates the present value of royalty income that could be hypothetically earned by licensing the brand name to a third party over the remaining useful life. The significant assumptions that are used to determine the estimated fair value for indefinite-lived intangible assets upon acquisition and subsequent impairment testing are forecasted revenue growth rates, the assumed royalty rates and the market-participant discount rates. Of our 478.1 million indefinite-lived tradenames, 141.5 million relate to our Water Innovations segment and 336.6 million relate to our Outdoors Security segment as of December 31, 2022. There were no impairments related to our continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 6, Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets, for additional information. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, extended closures of luxury plumbing showrooms associated with COVID-19 led to lower than expected sales related to an indefinite-lived tradename within the Water Innovations segment, which combined with the updated financial outlook compared to previous forecasts and the continued uncertainty of the pandemic on the sales and profitability related to the tradename, led us to conclude that it was more likely than not that the indefinite-lived tradename was impaired. Therefore, we performed an interim impairment test as of June 30, 2020, and as a result we recognized a pre-tax impairment charge of 13.0 million related to this tradename. We also performed an evaluation of the useful life of this tradename and determined it was no longer indefinite-lived due to changes in long-term management expectations and future operating plans. As a result, the remaining carrying value of this tradename is being amortized over its estimated useful life of 30 years. 
 The fair values of the impaired tradenames were measured using the relief-from-royalty approach, which estimates the present value of royalty income that could be hypothetically earned by licensing the tradename to a third party over its remaining useful life. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair values include forecasted revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rates, and market-participant discount rates that reflect the level of risk associated with the tradenames future revenues and profitability. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated growth rates and management plans. These assumptions represent level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy (refer to Note 9). 
 38 

The assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the tradenames tested quantitatively during the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2022 

Unobservable Input 
 
 Minimum 

Maximum 

Weighted Average (a) 

Discount rates 

12.2 

13.1 

12.9 

Royalty rates (b) 

3.5 

3.5 

3.5 

Long-term revenue growth rates (c) 

3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

(a) Weighted by the relative fair value of the tradenames that were tested quantitatively. 

(b) Represents estimated percentage of sales a market-participant would pay to license the tradenames that were tested quantitatively. 

(c) Selected long-term revenue growth rate within 10-year projection period of the tradenames that were tested quantitatively. 

A 50 basis point change in the discount rate assumption, a 25 basis point change in the royalty rate assumption, or a 25 basis point change in the long-term revenue growth rate assumption used during the year ended December 31, 2022 would not have resulted in an impairment being recognized when estimating the fair value of our indefinite-lived tradenames. 
 Included within income from discontinued operations, we recognized impairment charges of 46.4 million and zero in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to impairments of indefinite lived tradenames within our legacy Cabinets segment. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 We have a number of pension plans in the United States, covering many of the Company s employees. In addition, the Company provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to certain retirees. Service cost for 2022 relates to benefit accruals for an hourly Union group within the defined benefit plan for our Outdoors Security segment. All other benefit accruals under our defined benefit pension plans were frozen as of, or prior to, December 31, 2016. 
 We recognize changes in the fair value of pension plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10 percent of the greater of the fair value of pension plan assets or each plan s projected benefit obligation (the corridor in earnings immediately upon remeasurement, which is at least annually in the fourth quarter of each year. Net actuarial gains and losses occur when actual experience differs from any of the assumptions used to value defined benefit plans or when assumptions change as they may each year. The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses are changes in the discount rate used to value obligations as of the measurement date and the differences between expected and actual returns on pension plan assets. This accounting method results in the potential for volatile and difficult to forecast gains and losses. The pre-tax recognition of actuarial losses (gains) was 1.3 million and (0.6) million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total net actuarial losses in accumulated other comprehensive income for all defined benefit plans were 49.2 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 32.0 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 We record amounts relating to these defined benefit plans based on various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, assumed rates of return, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current economic conditions and trends. We believe that the assumptions utilized in recording our obligations under our plans are reasonable based on our experience and on advice from our independent actuaries; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect our financial condition or results of operations. The expected rate of return on plan assets is determined based on the nature of the plans investments, our current asset allocation and our expectations for long-term rates of return. The weighted-average long-term expected rate of return on pension plan assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.4 and 4.4 , respectively. Compensation increases reflect expected future compensation trends. The discount rate used to measure obligations is based on a spot-rate yield curve on a plan-by-plan basis that matches projected future benefit payments with the appropriate interest rate applicable to the timing of the projected future benefit payments. The bond portfolio used for the selection of the discount rate is from the top quartile of bonds rated by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations, and includes only non-callable bonds and those that are deemed to be sufficiently marketable with a Moody s credit rating 
 39 

of Aa or higher. The weighted-average discount rate for defined benefit liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 5.2 and 2.9 , respectively. 
 For postretirement benefits, our health care trend rate assumption is based on historical cost increases and expectations for long-term increases. As of December 31, 2022, for postretirement medical and prescription drugs in the next year, our assumption was an assumed rate of increase of 5.8 for pre-65 retirees and 6.3 for post-65 retirees, declining until reaching an ultimate assumed rate of increase of 4.5 per year in 2028. As of December 31, 2021, for postretirement medical and prescription drugs in the next year, our assumption was an assumed rate of increase of 6.3 for pre-65 retirees and 6.7 for post-65 retirees, declining until reaching an ultimate assumed rate of increase of 4.5 per year in 2028. 
 Below is a table showing pre-tax pension and postretirement expenses, including the impact of actuarial gains and losses: 

(In millions) 

2022 

2021 

Total pension income 

(7.8) 

(6.6) 

Actuarial (gain) loss component of income above 

(0.3) 

1.1 

Total postretirement income 

(0.2) 

(0.1) 

Actuarial gain component of income above 

(1.0) 

(0.5) 

The actuarial losses in 2022 and 2021 were principally due to lower than expected return on plan assets. Discount rates in 2022 used to determine benefit obligations increased by an average of 230 basis points for pension benefits. Discount rates for 2022 postretirement benefits increased by an average of 190 basis points . Discount rates in 2021 used to determine benefit obligations increased by an average of 30 basis points for pension benefits. Discount rates for 2021 postretirement benefits decreased an average of 200 basis points. Our actual loss on plan assets in 2022 was 22.6 compared to an actuarial assumption of an average 4.4 expected return. Our actual return on plan assets in 2021 was 6.6 c ompared to an actuarial assumption of an average 4.4 expected return. Significant actuarial losses in future periods would be expected if discount rates decline, actual returns on plan assets are lower than our expected return, or a combination of both occurs. 
 
 A 25 basis point change in our discount rate assumption would lead to an increase or decrease in our pension and postretirement liability of approximately 14 million. A 25 basis point change in the long-term rate of return on plan assets used in accounting for our pension plans would have a 1.2 million impact on pension expense. In addition, if required, actuarial gains and losses will be recorded in accordance with our defined benefit plan accounting method as previously described. It is not possible to forecast or predict whether there will be actuarial gains and losses in future periods, and if required, the magnitude of any such adjustment. These gains and losses are driven by differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions that are beyond our control, such as changes in interest rates and the actual return on pension plan assets. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 In accordance with ASC requirements for Income Taxes, we establish deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences between financial and tax reporting basis and subsequently adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance reducing deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is recognition, where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50 of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50 likelihood of being sustained, no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step, we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods, changes 
 40 

in facts, circumstances, and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in the consolidated statement of income and consolidated balance sheet in the period in which such changes occur. As of December 31, 2022, we had liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions totaling 33.4 million. It is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by 9.8 million in the next 12 months primarily as a result of the lapse of statutes of U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes. Customer Program Costs 
 Customer programs and incentives are a common practice in our businesses. Our businesses incur customer program costs to obtain favorable product placement, to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. We record estimates to reduce revenue for customer programs and incentives, which are considered variable consideration, and include price discounts, volume-based incentives, promotions and cooperative advertising when revenue is recognized in order to determine the amount of consideration the Company will ultimately be entitled to receive. These estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of customer. In addition, for certain customer program incentives, we receive an identifiable benefit (goods or services) in exchange for the consideration given and record the associated expenditure in selling, general and administrative expenses. Volume allowances are accrued based on management s estimates of customer volume achievement and other factors incorporated into customer agreements, such as new products, store sell-through, merchandising support, levels of returns and customer training. Management periodically reviews accruals for these rebates and allowances, and adjusts accruals when circumstances indicate (typically as a result of a change in volume expectations). 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We enter into financial instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The counterparties are major financial institutions. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company did not have any external variable rate borrowings as of December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts principally to hedge currency fluctuations in transactions denominated in certain foreign currencies, thereby limiting our risk that would otherwise result from changes in exchange rates. The periods of the forward foreign exchange contracts correspond to the periods of the hedged transactions. 
 The estimated fair value of foreign currency contracts represents the amount required to enter into offsetting contracts with similar remaining maturities based on quoted market prices. 
 41 

The estimated potential loss under foreign exchange contracts from movement in foreign exchange rates would not have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. As part of our risk management procedure, we use a value-at-risk VAR sensitivity analysis model to estimate the maximum potential economic loss from adverse changes in foreign exchange rates over a one-day period given a 95 confidence level. The VAR model uses historical foreign exchange rates to estimate the volatility and correlation of these rates in future periods. The estimated maximum one-day loss in the fair value of the Company s foreign currency exchange contracts using the VAR model was 1.3 million at December 31, 2022. The 95 confidence interval signifies our degree of confidence that actual losses under foreign exchange contracts would not exceed the estimated losses. The amounts disregard the possibility that foreign currency exchange rates could move in our favor. The VAR model assumes that all movements in the foreign exchange rates will be adverse. These amounts should not be considered projections of future losses, since actual results may differ significantly depending upon activity in the global financial markets. The VAR model is a risk analysis tool and should not be construed as an endorsement of the VAR model or the accuracy of the related assumptions. 
 
 42 

Commodity Price Risk 
 We are subject to commodity price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, geopolitical and economic variables, and other unpredictable external factors. From time to time, we use derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price volatility. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 43 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing after the signature page (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
 44 

external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Quantitative Impairment Test for an Indefinite-Lived Tradename within the Outdoors Security Segment 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated indefinite-lived tradenames balance was 478.1 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 336.6 million relates to the Outdoors Security segment. Management reviews indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever market or business events indicate there may be a potential impairment of that intangible. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. Fair values of the Company s indefinite-lived tradenames are measured by management using the relief-from-royalty approach. Significant assumptions inherent in estimating fair values include forecasted revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rates and market-participant discount rates. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the quantitative impairment test for an indefinite-lived tradename within the Outdoors Security segment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the tradename; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rate, and market-participant discount rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets, including controls over the valuation of the Company s tradename within the Outdoors Security segment. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the tradename; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the relief-from-royalty approach; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the relief-from-royalty approach; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to forecasted revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rate, and market-participant discount rate. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates and 
 45 

assumed royalty rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering, (i) the current and past performance of the business associated with the tradename; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of (i) the appropriateness of the relief-from-royalty approach and (ii) the reasonableness of the assumed royalty rate and market-participant discount rate significant assumptions. 
 
 Quantitative Goodwill Impairment Test for a Reporting Unit within the Outdoors Security Segment 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 1,640.7 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 747.3 million relates to the Outdoors Security segment. Management tests goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever market or business events indicate there may be a potential impairment of the reporting unit. Fair value is estimated using the income approach using a discounted cash flow model based on estimates of future cash flows combined with the market approach using comparable trading and transaction multiples based on guideline public companies. The significant assumptions that are used to determine the estimated fair value of reporting units for impairment testing are forecasted revenue growth rates, operating income margins, market-participant discount rates, revenue multiples and EBITDA (defined by the Company as net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, losses from asset impairments, and certain other one-time adjustments) multiples. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the quantitative goodwill impairment test for a reporting unit within the Outdoors Security segment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted operating income margins, market-participant discount rate and revenue and EBITDA multiples; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s quantitative goodwill impairment test, including controls over the valuation of the reporting unit within the Outdoors Security segment. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income and market approaches; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the income and market approaches; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted operating income margins, market-participant discount rate and revenue and EBITDA multiples. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates and operating income margins involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering, as applicable, (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of (i) the appropriateness of the Company s income and market approaches and (ii) the reasonableness of the market-participant discount rate and revenue and EBITDA multiples significant assumptions. 
 
 / s/ 
 
 F ebruary 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

For years ended December 31 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

NET SALES 

Cost of products sold 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Asset impairment charges 

Restructuring charges 

OPERATING INCOME 

Interest expense 

Other expense (income), net 

() 

() 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Income after tax 

Equity in losses of affiliate 

Income from continuing operations, net of tax 

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

NET INCOME 

Less: Noncontrolling interests 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO FORTUNE BRANDS 

BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Basic earnings per share attributable to Fortune Brands 

DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Fortune Brands 

Basic average number of shares outstanding 

Diluted average number of shares outstanding 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

For years ended December 31 

(In millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

NET INCOME 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period 

() 

Less: reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income 

() 

() 

Unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives 

() 

() 

Defined benefit plans: 

Net actuarial gains (loss) arising during period 

() 

Defined benefit plans 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 

Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (a) 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO FORTUNE BRANDS 

(a) million, million and million and on defined benefit plans o f milli on, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

December 31 

(In millions) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable less allowances for discounts and credit losses 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Other assets 

Non-current assets of discontinued operations 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Short-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long-term debt 

Deferred income taxes 

Accrued defined benefit plans 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments (Note 18) and Contingencies (Note 22) 

Equity 

Common stock (a) 

Paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock 

() 

() 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

(a) per share, million s hares and million shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

(In millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Non-cash expense (income): 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangibles 

Non-cash lease expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Restructuring charges 

(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 

() 

Loss (gain) on equity investments 

() 

Asset impairment charges 

Recognition of actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Deferred taxes 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Changes in assets and liabilities including effects subsequent to acquisitions 

Decrease (Increase) in accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Increase in inventories 

() 

() 

() 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable 

() 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

() 

(Decrease) increase in accrued taxes 

() 

(Decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

() 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capital expenditures (a) 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the disposition of assets 

Cost of acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Other investing activities, net 

() 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Increase in short-term debt 

Repayment of short-term debt 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

Employee withholding taxes paid related to stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 

() 

Dividends received from MasterBrand 

Cash retained by Masterbrand at Separation 

() 

Treasury stock purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Other financing activities, net 

() 

() 

() 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

() 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

() 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (b) at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (b) at end of year 

Cash paid during the year for 

Interest 

Income taxes paid directly to taxing authorities 

Dividends declared but not paid 

(a) million, million and mill ion that have not been paid as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, were excluded from the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 

50 

(b) million and million is inclu ded in Other current assets and Other assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 , million and million is included in Other current assets and Other assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 and million and million is included in Other current assets and Other assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2020 within our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

(In millions) 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-In Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 
 Retained Earnings 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Non- controlling Interests 
 
 Total Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Treasury stock purchase 

() 

() 

Dividends to non-controlling interest 

() 
 
 () 

Dividends per Common share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Treasury stock purchase 

() 

() 

Dividends per Common share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Distribution of MasterBrand 

() 

() 

Dividends received from MasterBrand 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Treasury stock purchase 

() 

() 

Dividends per Common share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 52 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 of the outstanding equity of Aqualisa Holdings (International) Ltd. Aqualisa ), a leading U.K. manufacturer of shower products known for premium, innovative and smart digital shower systems, for a purchase price of million, net of cash acquired of million. In January 2022, we acquired of the outstanding equity of Solar Innovations LLC and an affiliated entity (together, Solar ), a leading producer of wide-opening exterior door systems and outdoor enclosures, for a purchase price of million, net of cash acquired of million . In 2018 our Water Innovations segment entered into a strategic partnership with, and acquired non-controlling equity interests in, Flo Technologies, Inc. Flo ), a U.S. manufacturer of comprehensive water monitoring and shut-off systems with leak detection technologies. In January 2020, we entered into an agreement to acquire of the outstanding shares of Flo in a multi-phase transaction, which was completed in January 2022. The minority shareholders' substantive participating rights expired on , at which time we obtained control of, and began consolidating, Flo in our results of operations and statements of financial positions and cash flows. Immediately prior to consolidating Flo, we recognized a non-cash loss of million within other expense for the year-ended December 31, 2021, related to the remeasurement of our previously existing investment in Flo. During the fourth quarter of 2021 we recorded a mark-to-market expense of million related to the remaining shares held by the minority shareholders. The financial results of Flo are included in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the year-ended December 31, 2021, the consolidated statement of cash flow for the year-ended December 31, 2021 and the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The results of operations are included in the Water Innovations segment. 

or less are included in cash and cash equivalents. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 to 

Machinery and equipment 
 to 

Software 
 to 

million and million related to a long-lived asset to be disposed of in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2021 and 2020, resp ectively. No impairments related to long-lived assets were recorded in 2022. 
 to yea rs, some of which may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We do not recognize leases with an initial term of twelve months or less on the balance sheet and instead recognize the related lease payments as expense in the consolidated statements of income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all asset classes. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach and account for multiple lease components as a single lease component. Certain lease agreements include variable rental payments, including rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. Variable rental payments are expensed during the period they are incurred and therefore are excluded from our lease assets and liabilities. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 public companies to the current operating results of the reporting units to determine each reporting unit s fair value. The significant assumptions that are used to determine the estimated fair value of reporting units for impairment testing are forecasted revenue growth rates, operating income margins, market-participant discount rates, EBITDA multiples and revenue multiples. Certain of our tradenames have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these tradenames will contribute cash flows to the Company indefinitely. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated at least annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. We measure the fair value of identifiable intangible assets upon acquisition and we review for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever market or business events indicate there may be a potential impairment of that intangible. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. Qualitative factors include changes in volume, customers and the industry. If it is deemed more likely than not that an intangible asset is impaired, we will perform a quantitative impairment test. We measure fair value of our indefinite-lived tradenames using the relief-from-royalty approach which estimates the present value of royalty income that could be hypothetically earned by licensing the brand name to a third party over the remaining useful life. The significant assumptions that are used to determine the estimated fair value for indefinite-lived intangible assets upon acquisition and subsequent impairment testing are forecasted revenue growth rates, the assumed royalty rates and the market-participant discount rates. Of our million indefinite-lived tradenames, million relate to our Water Innovations segment and million relate to our Outdoors Security segment as of December 31, 2022. There were impairments related to our continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 6, Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets, for additional information. Events or circumstances that could have a potential negative effect on the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived tradenames include: lower than forecasted revenues, actual new construction and repair and remodel growth rates that fall below our assumptions, actions of key customers, increases in discount rates, continued economic uncertainty, higher levels of unemployment, weak consumer confidence, lower levels of discretionary consumer spending, a decrease in royalty rates and decline in the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets. 
 of the voting interests of the investee. This presumption may be overcome based on specific facts and circumstances that demonstrate that the ability to exercise significant influence is restricted. In applying the equity method, we record our investment at cost and subsequently increase or decrease the carrying amount of the investment by our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of the investee. We record dividends or other equity distributions as reductions in the carrying value of our investment. When we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee, we account for non-controlling investments in equity securities at fair value, with any gains or losses recognized through other income and expense. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are recorded at cost minus impairment, plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. As of December 31, 2022, all of our investments in our strategic partners where we do not have significant influence over the investee do not have readily determinable fair values. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our investments wer e million and million, respectively, which is included in other assets within our Consolidated Balance Sheet. There were impairments or other changes resulting from observable prices changes recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 . 

million. It is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by million in the next 12 months primarily as a result of the lapse of statutes of U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and milli on in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . Advertising costs, which amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are principally expensed as incurred. Advertising costs paid to customers as pricing rebates include product displays, marketing administration costs, media production costs and point-of-sale materials. Advertising costs recorded as a reduction to net sales, primarily cooperative advertising, wer e million, million and mill ion in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Advertising costs recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses were million, m illion and mi llion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Research and development expenses include product development, product improvement, product engineering and process improvement costs. Research and development expenses, which w ere m illion, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, are expensed as incurred within selling, general and administrative expenses. 

million, million and million (before tax impact) were reclassified into earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022, we estimate that million of net derivative gain included in AOCI as of December 31, 2022 , will be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months. 
 . The of this guidance did t have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 immediately and available to be used through December 31, 2024. The adoption of this guidance did t have a material effect on our financial statements . 

Work in process 

Finished products 

Total inventories 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Land and improvements 

Buildings and improvements to leaseholds 

Machinery and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Other current liabilities: 

Accrued salaries, wages and other compensation 

Accrued customer programs 

Accrued taxes 

Dividends payable 

Other accrued expenses 

Total other current liabilities 

n 
 of the outstanding equity of Aqualisa Holdings (International) Ltd. Aqualisa ), a leading U.K. manufacturer of shower products known for premium, innovative and smart digital shower systems, for a purchase price of million, net of cash acquired of million. The results of Aqualisa are reported as part of the Water Innovations segment. We believe its product offerings will enable us to continue to leverage growing trends in water management and connected products. We financed the transaction with borrowings under our existing credit facility. We have not included pro forma financial information as the transaction is not material to our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The fair value allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of July 29, 2022 was million, whic h includes millio n of goodwill. Goodwill includes expected sales and cost synergies and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Solar In January 2022, we acquired of the outstanding equity of Solar for a purchase price of million, net of cash acquired of million. We financed the transaction using cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. The results of Solar are reported as part of the Outdoors Security segment. Its complementary product offerings support the segment s outdoor living strategy. Solar's net sales and operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 were not material to the Company. We have not included pro forma financial information as the transaction is immaterial to our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The fair value allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of January 31, 2022 was million, which in cludes milli on of goodwill. Goodwill includes expected sales and cost synergies and is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Flo Technologies In 2018 our Water Innovations segment entered into a strategic partnership with, and acquired non-controlling equity interests in, Flo Technologies, Inc. Flo ), a U.S. manufacturer of comprehensive water monitoring and shut-off systems with leak detection technologies. In January 2020, we entered into an agreement to acquire of the outstanding shares of Flo in a multi-phase transaction, which was completed in January 2022. As part of this agreement, we acquired additional shares for million in cash, including direct transactions costs, and entered into a forward contract to purchase all remaining shares of Flo at a future date in exchange for an additional million in cash, which is included in other assets in our consolidated balance sheet. In April 2020, we acquired additional shares of Flo under a separate option agreement, which resulted in a non-cash gain of million on the forward contract as included within other income for the year-ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, we owned approximately of Flo s outstanding shares. Starting in the first quarter of 2020, we applied the equity method of accounting to our investment in Flo as the minority stockholders had substantive participating rights which precluded consolidation in our result s of operations and statements of financial position and cash flows. Immediately prior to applying the equity method of accounting, we recognized a non-cash gain of million within other income during the year-ended December 31, 2020 related to the remeasurement of our previously existing investment in Flo. The carrying value of our investment as of December 31, 2020 was million. The minority shareholders' substantive participating rights expired on , at which time we obtained control of and began consolidating Flo in our results of operations and statements of financial positions and cash flows. Immediately prior to consolidating Flo, we recognized a non-cash loss of million within other expense for the year-ended December 31, 2021, related to the remeasurement of our previously existing investment in Flo. The fair value allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of January 1, 2021 was million, net of cash acquired of million, which includes million of goodwill. Goodwill includes expected sales and cost synergies and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a mark-to-market expense of million related to the remaining shares held by the minority shareholders . Larson Manufacturing In December 2020, we acquired of the outstanding equity of Larson Manufacturing Larson ), the North American market leading brand of storm, screen and security doors. Larson also sells related outdoor living products including retractable screens and porch windows. The acquisition of Larson is aligned with our strategic focus on the fast-growing outdoor living space. The Company completed the acquisition for a total purchase price of approximately million, net of cash acquired. We financed the transaction with borrowings under our existing credit facility. The financial results of Larson were included in the Company s December 31, 2021 and 2020 consolidated balance sheets and the Company's consolidated statements of income and statements of cash flow beginning January 2021. Larson's net sales, operating income and cash flows from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2020 were not material to the Company. The results of operations are included in the Outdoors Security segment. We incurred million of Larson acquisition-related transaction costs in the year ended December 31, 2020. The following unaudited pro forma summary presents consolidated financial information as if Larson had been acquired on January 1, 2019. The unaudited pro forma financial information is based on historical results of operations and financial position of the Company's continuing operations and Larson. The pro forma results include: estimated amortization of finite-lived intangible asset, including customer relationships and proprietary technology, 

 the estimated cost of the inventory adjustment to fair value, 

 interest expense associated with debt that would have been incurred in connection with the acquisition, 

 the reclassification of Larson transaction costs from 2020 to the first quarter of 2019, 

 the removal of certain transactions recorded in the historical financial statements of Larson related to assets and activities which were retained by the seller, and 

 adjustments to conform accounting policies. 

Net income 

Cost of products sold 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Amortization of intangible asset 

Asset impairment charges 

Restructuring charges 

DISCONTINUED OPERATING INCOME 

Interest expense 

Other expense, net 

INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income taxes 

INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF TAX 

We incurred million of transaction costs in connection with the Separation during the year ended December 31, 2022, which are included in the consolidated statements of operations as discontinued operations. These costs include legal, accounting and advisory fees, implementation and integration costs, duplicative costs for subscriptions and information technology systems, employee and contract costs, and other incremental separation costs related to the Separation. 

Accounts receivable less allowances for discounts and credit losses 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Deferred income taxes 

Accrued defined benefit plans 
 
 () 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

MasterBrand depreciation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. MasterBrand amortization of intangibles for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. MasterBrand capital expenditures for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 

 63 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

2021 translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Acquisition-related adjustments 

Balance at December 31, 2021 (a) 

2022 translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition-related adjustments 

Balance at December 31, 2022 (a) 

(a) million in the Outdoors Security segment. 

Amortizable intangible assets 

Tradenames 

() 

() 

Customer and contractual relationships 

() 

() 

Patents/proprietary technology 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Total identifiable intangibles 

() 

() 

We had identifiable intangible assets, principally tradenames and customer relationships, of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The million increase in gross identifiable intangible assets was primarily due to the acquisitions of Aqualisa and Solar. Amortizable intangible assets, principally customer relationships, are subject to amortization on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life, ranging from to , based on the assessment of a number of factors that may impact useful life, which include customer attrition rates and other relevant factors. We expect to record intangible amortization of approximately million in 2023 , million in 2024 , million in 2025 , million in 2026 and million in 2027. During the second quarter of 2020, extended closures of luxury plumbing showrooms associated with COVID-19 led to lower than expected sales related to an indefinite-lived tradename within the Water Innovations segment, which combined with the updated financial outlook compared to previous forecasts and the continued uncertainty of the pandemic on the sales and profitability related to the tradename, led us to conclude that it was more likely than not that the indefinite-lived tradename was impaired. Therefore, we performed an interim impairment test as of June 30, 2020, and as a result we recognized a pre-tax impairment charge of million related to this tradename. We also performed an evaluation of the useful life of this tradename and determined it was no longer indefinite-lived due to changes in long-term management expectations and future operating plans. As a result, the remaining carrying value of this tradename is being amortized over its estimated useful life of . The fair value of the impaired tradename was measured using the relief-from-royalty approach, which estimates the present value of royalty income that could be hypothetically earned by licensing the tradename to a third party over its remaining useful life. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair value include forecasted revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rates, and market-participant discount rates that reflect the level of risk associated with the tradenames future revenues and profitability. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated growth rates and management plans. These assumptions represent level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy (refer to Note 10, Fair Value Measurements). As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of one of our Outdoors Security tradenames exceeded its carrying value of million by less t han . A reduction in the estimated fair value of any of our tradenames could trigger impairment charges in future periods. Events or circumstances that could have a potential negative effect on the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived tradenames include: lower than forecasted revenues, more severe impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic than currently expected, actual new construction and repair and remodel growth rates that fall below our assumptions, actions of key customers, increases in discount rates, continued economic uncertainty, higher levels of unemployment, weak consumer confidence, lower levels of discretionary consumer spending, a decrease in royalty rates and a decline in the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets. 

Royalty rate (a) 

Long-term revenue growth rate (b) 

(a) 

 (b) projection period of the impaired tradename . 

million, million and million, respectively, including approximately million, million and million of short-term and variable lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total 

Reported as of December 31, 2022 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total 

million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes in a registered public offering consisting of million of senior unsecured notes maturing in and million of senior unsecured notes maturing in (together, the 2022 Notes ). The Company used the net proceeds from the 2022 Notes offering to pay down a portion of the outstanding balance on the 2021 Term Loan, as described below. At December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate outstanding notes in the principal amount of billion , with varying maturities (the Notes ). The Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Company. 

4.000 Senior Notes 

3.250 Senior Notes 

4.000 Senior Notes 

4.500 Senior Notes 

Total Senior Notes 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the components of long-term debt were as follows: 

(In millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Notes (due to 

2022 Revolving Credit Agreement 

2021 Term Loan 

Total debt 

Less: current portion 

Total long-term debt 

Credit Facilities In August 2022, the Company entered into a third amended and restated billion revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement ), and borrowings thereunder will be used for general corporate purposes. The maturity date of the facility is . to SOFR + . to 1.0. Consolidated EBITDA is defined as consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, losses from asset impairments and certain other one-time adjustments. In addition, the Company s ratio of consolidated debt minus certain cash and cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA generally may not exceed to 1.0 . On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and our previous revolving credit facility were and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we are in compliance with all covenants under this credit facility. In November 2021, the Company entered into a 364-day, million term loan credit agreement 2021 Term Loan for general corporate purposes that matured in . On March 1, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment and Incremental Agreement to the 2021 Term Loan (the First Amendment ). The First Amendment provided for an increase in the principal amount from million to million as well as the transition from LIBOR to SOFR interest rates. As a result, to SOFR + . On March 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment and Incremental Agreement to the 2021 Term Loan (the Second Amendment increasing the principal amount from million to billion. All other terms and conditions remained the same under the First Amendment and Second Amendment. Proceeds from the increased 2021 Term Loan were used to repay outstanding balances under our previous revolving credit facility. The outstanding billion under the 2021 Term Loan was repaid on March 25, 2022 with proceeds from the 2022 Notes and other existing sources of liquidity. We currently have uncommitted bank lines of credit in China, which provide for unsecured borrowings for working capital of up to million in aggregate as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, of which there were outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted-average interest rates on these borrowings were in 2022 and 2021. Commercial Paper In November 2021, the Company established a commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program pursuant to which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes. The Company s 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement is the liquidity backstop for the repayment of any notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program, and as such, borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program are included in Long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts available under the Commercial Paper Program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed, with the aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time, including borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, not to exceed billion. The Company plans to use net proceeds from any issuances under the Commercial Paper Program for general corporate purposes. In our debt agreements, there are normal and customary events of default which would permit the lenders to accelerate the debt if not cured within applicable grace periods, such as failure to pay principal or interest when due or a change in control of the Company. There were no events of default as of December 31, 2022. Debt payments due during the next five years as of December 31, 2022 are million in 2023, in 2024, million in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and million in 2028 and beyond. Interest payments due during the next five years as of December 31, 2022 are million in 2023, million in 2024 through 2025, million in 2026 through 2027 and million in 2028 and beyond. 

million, representi ng a net settlement liability of million. The gross notional amount of all commodity derivatives outstanding at December 31, 2021 was million, representing a net settlement asset of . We may enter into foreign currency forward contracts to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, forecasted future cash flows, and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Foreign exchange contracts related to forecasted future cash flows correspond to the periods of the forecasted transactions, which generally do not exceed to subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. We may enter into interest rate swap contracts to protect against interest rate risks associated with certain of our debt obligations. Interest rate swap contracts related to forecasted future interest payments correspond to the periods of the forecasted transactions. We account for these derivatives as cash flow hedges. These contracts were immaterial to the financial statements at December 31, 2021. For derivative instruments that are designated as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item, are recognized on the same line of the consolidated statements of income. The changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are reported in OCI and are recognized in the consolidated statements of income when the hedged item affects earnings. The changes in fair value for net investment hedges are recognized in the consolidated statements of income when realized upon sale or upon complete or substantially complete liquidation of the investment in the foreign entity. In addition, changes in the fair value of all economic hedge transactions are immediately recognized in current period earnings. Our primary foreign currency hedge contracts pertain to the Canadian dollar, the British pound, the Mexican peso and the Chinese yuan. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of all foreign currency derivative hedges outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million, representing a net se ttlement asset of million. Based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022, we estima te that million of net derivative gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2022 will be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months. 

Interest rate contracts 
 
 Other current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: 

Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange contracts: 

Hedged items 

() 

Derivative designated as hedging instruments 

Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

Commodity contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

() 

Interest rate contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

(In millions) 
 
 Classification and Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

2021 

Cost of products sold 

Interest expense 

Other expense, net 

Total amounts per Consolidated Statements of Income 

The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: 

Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange contracts: 

Hedged items 

() 

Derivative designated as hedging instruments 

Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

() 

Commodity contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

Interest rate contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

(In millions) 
 
 Classification and Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

2020 

Cost of products sold 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Total amounts per Consolidated Statements of Income 

The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: 

Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange contracts: 

Hedged items 

Derivative designated as hedging instruments 

() 

Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

() 

Commodity contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

Interest rate contracts: 

Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income into income 

The cash flow hedges from continuing operations recognized in other comprehensive income were net gains (losses) of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

 market activity for the asset or liability, such as internally developed valuation models. We do not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that are level 3, except for pension assets discussed in Note 14. 

2022 Revolving Credit Agreement 

2021 Term Loan 

The estimated fair value of our term loan and revolving credit facility is determined primarily using broker quotes, which are level 2 inputs. The estimated fair value of our Notes is determined by using quoted market prices of our debt securities, which are level 1 inputs. 

Deferred compensation program assets (level 2) 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liability financial instruments (level 2) 

The principal derivative financial instruments we enter into on a routine basis are foreign exchange contracts. In addition, from time to time, we enter into commodity swaps. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value. 

 million authorized shares of common stock, par value per share and million authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

Stock plan shares issued 

Shares surrendered by optionees 

() 

() 

Common stock repurchases 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the year 

At December 31, 2022 , shares of our preferred stock were outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority, without action by the Company s stockholders, to designate and issue our preferred stock in one or more series and to designate the rights, preferences, limitations and privileges of each series of preferred stock, which may be greater than the rights of the Company s common stock. In 2022, we repurchased million shares of outstanding common stock under the Company s share repurchase program for million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total remaining share repurchase authorization under the remaining program was approximately million. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

 72 

() 
 
 Cost of products sold 

Interest rate contracts 

Interest expense 

Commodity contracts 

() 

Cost of products sold 

() 
 
 Total before tax 

Tax expense 

() 
 
 Net of tax 

Defined benefit plan items 

Recognition of actuarial losses 

() 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Tax benefit 

() 
 
 Net of tax 

Total reclassifications for the period 

() 
 
 Net of tax 
 
 (a) These accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. Refer to Note 15, Defined Benefit Plans, for additional information. 

The amounts in the table above reflect continuing operations, and exclude amounts related to discontinued operations of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively . Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income and other changes in business equity from transactions and other events from sources other than stockholders. It includes currency translation gains and losses, unrealized gains and losses from derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, and defined benefit plan adjustments.) 

() 
 
 () 

Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 
 
 () 

Amounts reclassified into earnings 

2.8 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 
 
 () 

Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 () 

Amounts reclassified into earnings 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 () 

() 

Amounts reclassified into earnings 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 () 

() 

Distribution of Masterbrand 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 () 

() 

74 

million shares of common stock remained authorized for issuance under the 2022 Plan. In addition, shares of common stock that were granted and subsequently expired, terminated, cancelled or forfeited, or were used to satisfy the required withholding taxes with respect to awards under the Plans may be recycled back into the total numbers of shares available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Upon the exercise or payment of stock-based awards, shares of common stock are issued from authorized common shares. In connection with the Separation, under the provisions of the Plans and the Employee Matters Agreement entered into in connection with the Separation, the Company adjusted its outstanding equity awards in order to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards immediately before and after the Separation. At the time of the Separation, outstanding equity awards granted to Company service providers were adjusted to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards held, with unvested PSAs converting into time-based RSUs Adjusted RSUs ). All outstanding equity awards granted to MasterBrand service providers were converted into replacement awards of MasterBrand equity under the same methodology and ceased to represent equity awards with respect to the Company. Due to the adjustment of outstanding equity awards as a result of the Separation, the Company compared the fair value of the outstanding equity awards immediately before and after the Separation and, based on such comparison, no incremental fair value was required to be recognized. The number of equity awards granted and forfeited in the tables below primarily relate to the modifications in connection with the Separation, which resulted in the adjustment of Company shares subject to outstanding awards held by Company service providers and the forfeiture of Company equity awards by MasterBrand service providers. 

Stock option awards 

Performance awards 

Director awards 

Total pre-tax expense 

Tax benefit 

Total after tax expense 

Included in compensation costs are cash-settled restricted stock units of million, million and million that are classified as a liability as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Compensation costs that were capitalized in inventory were not material. Restricted Stock Units RSUs have been granted to officers and certain employees of the Company and represent the right to receive shares of Company common stock subject to continued employment through each vesting date. As a result of the Separation, the number of unvested RSUs awarded to the Company s employees were adjusted to preserve the intrinsic value of such awards following the Separation. Also, all annual cycle PSAs outstanding on the date of the Separation were replaced with RSUs Adjusted RSUs ). For purposes of determining the number of Adjusted RSUs, the number of Adjusted RSUs earned was based upon projected performance results through the end of the applicable performance period, calculated based on actual performance from the beginning of the applicable performance period through the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the Separation and expected performance through the remainder of the applicable performance period had the Separation not occurred. RSUs generally vest ratably over a period, with the exception of the RSUs that were converted from PSAs, which vest at the end of the original three-year performance cycles. In addition, certain employees can elect to defer receipt of a portion of their RSU awards upon vesting. Compensation cost is recognized over the service period. We calculate the fair value of each RSU granted by using the average of the high and low share prices on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

The remaining unrecognized pre-tax compensation cost related to RSUs at December 31, 2022 was approximately million, and the weighted-average period of time over which this cost will be recognized is years. The fair value of RSUs that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Stock Option Awards Stock options were granted to officers and certain employees of the Company and represent the right to purchase shares of Company common stock subject to continued employment through each vesting date. Stock options granted under the Plans generally vest over a period and generally expire from the grant date. As a result of the Separation, the number of stock options awarded to the Company s employees and the corresponding exercise price of each award was adjusted to preserve the intrinsic value of such awards following the Separation. All stock-based compensation to employees is required to be measured at fair value and expensed over the requisite service period. We recognize compensation expense on awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term 

years 

years 

years 

Beginning in 2020, the determination of expected volatility is based on the volatility of Fortune Brands common stock. The determination of expected volatility in prior years is based on a blended peer group volatility for companies in similar industries, at a similar stage of life and with similar market capitalization. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the stock options. The expected term is the period over which our employees are expected to hold their options. The expected term was determined based on the historical employee exercise behavior and the contractual term of the options. The dividend yield is based on the Company s estimated dividend over the expected term. The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted under the Plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Expired/forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

to 

(a) million. 

 (b) years and the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable was million. 

The remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested awards at December 31, 2022 was million, and the weighted-average period of time over which this cost will be recognized is years. The fair value of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of Fortune Brands stock options exercised in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Performance Share Awards PSAs were granted to officers and certain employees of the Company in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and represented the right to earn shares of Company common stock based on the achievement of company-wide performance conditions during the three-year performance period. As a result of the Separation, these three outstanding PSAs were replaced with Adjusted RSUs as described above. For purposes of determining the number of Adjusted RSUs, the number of Adjusted RSUs earned was based upon projected performance results through the end of the applicable performance period, calculated based on actual performance from the beginning of the applicable performance period through the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the Separation and expected performance through the remainder of the applicable performance period had the Separation not occurred. Compensation cost is amortized into expense over the performance period, which is generally three years, and is based on the probability of meeting performance targets. The fair value of each PSAs is based on the average of the high and low stock prices on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

The remaining unrecognized pre-tax compensation cost related to PSAs at December 31, 2022 was approximately million, and the weighted-average period of time over which this cost will be recognized is years. The fair value of PSAs that vested during 2022 was million shares). Director Awards Stock awards are used as part of the compensation provided to outside directors under the Plans. Awards are issued annually in the second quarter. In addition, outside directors can elect to have director cash compensation paid in stock or can elect to defer payment of stock. Compensation cost is expensed at the time of an award based on the fair value of a share at the date of the award. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we awarded , and shares of Company common stock to outside directors with a weighted-average fair value on the date of the award of , and , respectively. 

 Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that we collect are excluded from revenue. The expected costs associated with our contractual warranties will continue to be recognized as expense when the products are sold. See Note 18, Commitments, for further discussion. We record estimates to reduce revenue for customer programs and incentives, which are considered variable consideration, and include price discounts, volume-based incentives, promotions and cooperative advertising when revenue is recognized in order to determine the amount of consideration the Company will ultimately be entitled to receive. These estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of customer. In addition, for certain customer program incentives, we receive an identifiable benefit (goods or services) in exchange for the consideration given and record the associated expenditure in selling, general and administrative expenses. We account for shipping and handling costs that occur after the customer has obtained control of a product as a fulfillment activity (i.e., as an expense) rather than as a promised service (i.e., as a revenue element). These costs are classified within selling, general and administrative expenses. Settlement of our outstanding accounts receivable balances is normally within 30 to 90 days of the original sale transaction date. Obligations arise for us from customer rights to return our goods for any reason, including among others, product obsolescence, stock rotations, trade-in agreements for newer products and upon termination of a customer contract. We estimate future product returns at the time of sale based on historical experience and record a corresponding refund obligation, which amounted to million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refund obligations are classified within other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. Return assets related to the refund obligation are measured at the carrying amount of the goods at the time of sale, less any expected costs to recover the goods and any expected reduction in value. Return assets are classified within other current assets and were approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers into (i) major sales distribution channels in the U.S. and (ii) total sales to customers outside the U.S. market as these categories depict the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows that are affected by economic factors. 

Home Center retailers (b) 

Other retailers (c) 

U.S. net sales 

International (d) 

Net sales 

(a) 

 (b) 

 (c) 

 (d) 

Practical Expedients Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs the Company incurs that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These costs are required to be recognized as assets and amortized over the period that the related goods or services transfer to the customer. As a practical expedient, we expense as incurred costs to obtain a contract when the expected amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses. 

 and . After meeting certain qualifications, an employee acquires a vested right to future benefits. The benefits payable under the plans are generally determined on the basis of an employee s length of service and/or earnings. Employer contributions to the plans are made, as necessary, to ensure legal funding requirements are satisfied. Also, from time to time, we may make contributions in excess of the legal funding requirements. Service cost for 2022 relates to benefit accruals for an hourly Union group within the defined benefit plan for our Outdoors Security segment. All other benefit accruals under our defined benefit pension plans were frozen as of, or prior to, December 31, 2016. Net actuarial gains and losses occur when actual experience differs from any of the assumptions used to value defined benefit plans or when assumptions change as they may each year. The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses are changes in the discount rate used to value obligations as of the measurement date and the differences between expected and actual returns on pension plan assets. In addition, the Company provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to certain retirees. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (loss) gain 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year (excludes the impact of future compensation increases) 

Change in Plan Assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contributions 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status (Fair value of plan assets less PBO) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The actuarial loss is primarily a result of changes in discount rates from year to year. The accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of assets for all pension plans.) 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued benefit liability 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized 

() 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2021, we adopted the new Society of Actuaries MP-2020 mortality tables, resulting in an immaterial increase in plan benefit obligation, and deferred actuarial losses in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Recognition of actuarial loss 

() 

Current year actuarial loss 

() 

() 

Net actuarial loss (gain) at December 31, 2021 

() 

Recognition of actuarial loss 

Current year actuarial gain 

() 

Net actuarial loss at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Recognition of actuarial losses (gains) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settlement/Curtailment losses (gains) 

Net periodic benefit (income) cost 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Cost for Years Ended December 31: 

Discount rate 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

/ 
 
 (a) 
 
 / 
 
 (a) 

Rate that the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

(a) . 

Plan Assets 

Collective trusts: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Equity 

Fixed income 

Multi-strategy hedge funds 

Real estate 

Total 

Actual return on assets related to assets still held 

December 31 

Our defined benefit plans Master Trust own a variety of investment assets. All of these investment assets, except for group annuity/insurance contracts, are measured using net asset value per share as a practical expedient per ASC 820. Following the retrospective adoption of ASU 2015-07 (Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share), we excluded all investments measured using net asset value per share in the amount of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from the tabular fair value hierarchy disclosure. The terms and conditions for redemptions vary for each class of the investment assets valued at net asset value per share as a practical expedient. Real estate assets may be redeemed quarterly with a redemption notice period. Investment assets in multi-strategy hedge funds may be redeemed semi-annually with a redemption notice period. Equity, fixed income and cash and cash equivalents have no specified redemption frequency and notice period and may be redeemed daily. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have an intent to sell or otherwise dispose of these investment assets at prices different than the net asset value per share. Our investment strategy is to optimize investment returns through a diversified portfolio of investments, taking into consideration underlying plan liabilities and asset volatility. The defined benefit asset allocation policy of the plans allows for an equity allocation of to , a fixed income allocation of to , a cash allocation of up to and other investments of up to . Asset allocations are based on the underlying liability structure. All retirement asset allocations are reviewed periodically to ensure the allocations meets the needs of the liability structure. Our 2023 expected blended long-term rate of return on plan assets of was determined based on the nature of the plans investments, our current asset allocation and projected long-term rates of return from pension investment consultants. Estimated Future Retirement Benefit Payments 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Years 2028-2032 

Estimated future retirement benefit payments above are estimates and could change significantly based on differences between actuarial assumptions and actual events and decisions related to lump sum distribution options that are available to participants in certain plans. Defined Contribution Plan Contributions We sponsor a number of defined contribution plans. Contributions ar e determined under various formulas. Cash contributions by the Company related to these plans amounted to mi llion, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 82 

Foreign operations 

Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests 

Foreign 

State and other 

Deferred 

Federal 

Foreign 

() 

() 

State and Local 

() 

Total income tax expense 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Foreign taxes at a different rate than U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 

Provision for foreign earnings repatriation, net 

Net adjustments for uncertain tax positions 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred tax impact of state tax rate changes 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance (decrease) increase 

() 

() 

Non-deductible executive compensation 

Expiration of loss carryforwards 

Miscellaneous other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense as reported 

Effective income tax rate 

The 2022 effective income tax rate was unfavorably impacted by state and local income taxes, foreign income taxed at higher rates, as well as non-deductible executive compensation. This expense was offset by favorable benefits for the release of uncertain tax positions, primarily related to audit closures and statute of limitations lapses, share-based compensation, and a valuation allowance decrease. The 2021 and 2020 effective income tax rates were unfavorably impacted by state and local income taxes, foreign income taxed at higher rates, as well as non-deductible executive compensation. Both 2021 and 2020 expenses were offset by favorable benefits for the release of uncertain tax positions, primarily related to statute of limitations lapses, and share-based compensation. 

Gross additions current year tax positions 

Gross additions prior year tax positions 

Gross additions (reductions) purchase accounting adjustments 

Gross reductions prior year tax positions 

() 

() 

() 

Gross reductions settlements with taxing authorities 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits end of year 

The amount of UTBs that, if recognized as of December 31, 2022, would affect the Company s effective tax rate is million. It is reasonably possible that, within the next twelve months, total UTBs may decrease by million primarily as a result of the lapse of statutes of U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes. The Company classifies interest and penalty accruals related to UTBs as income tax expense. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized an interest and penalty benefit of approximately million and million, respectively. In 2020, the Company recognized interest and penalty expense of approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had accruals for the payment of interest and penalties of million and million, respectively. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S., various state, and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has recently concluded its examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for the periods related to 2017 and 2018 and is generally subject to examination by the IRS for years 2019 and later. In addition to the U.S., the Company has tax years that remain open and subject to examination by tax authorities in the following major taxing jurisdictions: Canada for years after 2017, Mexico for years after 2016 and China for years after 2018. 

Defined benefit plans 

Capitalized inventories 

Accounts receivable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued expenses 

Net operating loss and other tax carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Miscellaneous 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Operating lease assets 

() 

() 

Other investments 

() 

() 

Miscellaneous 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 
 
 In accordance with ASC requirements for Income Taxes, deferred taxes were classified in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as follows: 

(In millions) 

2022 

2021 

Other assets 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had deferred tax assets related to net operating losses and other tax carryforwards of million and million, respectively. Approximately million expires between and , and the remainder will expire in 2028 and thereafter. The Company has provided a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of certain deferred tax assets. Management has concluded that, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be fully realized. Accumulated foreign earnings and profits of the Company s foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017, were subject to a deemed repatriation tax and should not be subject to additional U.S. federal income tax upon an actual repatriation of these earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an estimated deferred tax liability of million for taxes that will be payable upon distribution of these earnings. Subsequent to December 31, 2017, we consider the unremitted earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that impose local country taxes on dividends to be indefinitely reinvested. We have not provided deferred taxes on the remaining book over tax outside basis difference of million related to these subsidiaries. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for local country withholding taxes that would be owed related to these earnings is million. 

() 

Outdoors Security 

() 

Corporate 

Total 

() 

(a) 

 (b) 

 Restructuring and other charges in 2022 are largely related to severance, asset impairment and other costs associated with plant closures and headcount actions across both segments. Pre-tax restructuring and other charges for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Other Charges (a) 

(In millions) 
 
 Restructuring Charges 

Cost of Products Sold 

SG A (b) 

Total Charges 

Water Innovations 

() 

Outdoors Security 

() 

Total 

(a) Other Charges represent charges or gains directly related to restructuring initiatives that cannot be reported as restructuring under GAAP. Such charges or gains may include losses on disposal of inventories, trade receivables allowances from exiting product lines, write-off of displays from exiting a customer relationship, accelerated depreciation resulting from the closure of facilities, and gains and losses on the sale of previously closed facilities. 

 (b) Selling, general and administrative expenses. 

 Restructuring and other charges in 2021 were largely related to severance costs associated with the relocation of manufacturing facilities within our Outdoors Security segment. Pre-tax restructuring and other charges for the year ended December 31, 2020 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Other Charges (a) 

(In millions) 
 
 Restructuring Charges 

Cost of Products Sold 

SG A (b) 

Total Charges 

Water Innovations 

() 

Outdoors Security 

Corporate 

Total 

() 

(a) Other Charges represent charges or gains directly related to restructuring initiatives that cannot be reported as restructuring under GAAP. Such charges or gains may include losses on disposal of inventories, trade receivables allowances from exiting product lines, write-off of displays from exiting a customer relationship, accelerated depreciation resulting from the closure of facilities, and gains and losses on the sale of previously closed facilities. 

 (b) Selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Restructuring and other charges in 2020 largely related to headcount actions associated with COVID-19 across both segments and costs associated with changes in our manufacturing processes within our Water Innovations segment. 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

(a) 

(In millions) 
 
 Balance at 12/31/20 

2021 Provision 

Cash Expenditures (a) 

Non-Cash Write-offs 

Balance at 12/31/21 

Workforce reduction costs 

() 

Other 

() 

(a) Cash expenditures primarily related to severance charges. 

million, of which million is due within one year. Purchase obligations include contracts for raw materials and finished goods purchases, selling and administrative services, and capital expenditures. Product Warranties We generally record warranty expense related to contractual warranty terms at the time of sale. We may also provide customer concessions for claims made outside of the contractual warranty terms, and those expenses are recorded in the period in which the concession is made. We offer our customers various warranty terms based on the type of product that is sold. Warranty expense is determined based on historic claim experience and the nature of the product category. 

Provision for warranties issued 

Settlements made (in cash or in kind) 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition 

Foreign currency 

() 

Reserve balance at end of year 

Outdoors Security 

Net sales 

Net sales to of the Company s customers, The Home Depot, Inc. The Home Depot and Lowe s Companies, Inc. Lowe s each accounted for greater than 10 of the Company s net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020 . Both of our business segments sell to The Home Depot and Lowe s. Net sales to The Home Depot were , and of net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Net sales to Lowe s were , and of net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Outdoors Security 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Outdoors Security 

Corporate 

Total assets 

Depreciation expense: 

Water Innovations 

Outdoors Security 

Corporate 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of intangible assets: 

Water Innovations 

Outdoors Security 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Capital expenditures: 

Water Innovations 

Outdoors Security 

Corporate 

Capital expenditures, gross 

Less: proceeds from disposition of assets 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures, net 

Net sales by geographic region (a) : 

United States 

China 

Canada 

Other international 

Net sales 

Property, plant and equipment, net: 

United States 

Mexico 

Canada 

China 

Other international 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

(a) . 

88 

Gross profit 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

Basic income from continuing operations per share 

Basic income(loss) from discontinued operations per share 

() 

Diluted income from continuing operations per share 

Diluted income (loss) from discontinued operations per share 

() 

Shares used in computation of basic income per share 

Shares used in computation of diluted income per share 

2021 
 
 1 st 
 
 2 nd 
 
 3 rd 
 
 4 th 

Net sales 

Gross profit 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Basic income from continuing operations per share 

Basic income from discontinued operations per share 

Diluted income from continuing operations per share 

Diluted income from discontinued operations per share 

Shares used in computation of basic income per share 

Shares used in computation of diluted income per share 

89 

Less: Noncontrolling interests 

Income from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued operations 

Net income attributable to Fortune Brands 

Earnings per common share 

Basic 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Basic earnings per share attributable to Fortune Brands 

Diluted 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Fortune Brands 

Basic average shares outstanding (a) 

Stock-based awards 

Diluted average shares outstanding (a) 

Antidilutive stock-based awards excluded from weighted-average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share 

(a) 

() 

() 

Foreign currency losses 

Losses (gains) on equity investment 

() 

Other items, net 

() 

() 

() 

Total other (income) expense, net 

() 

() 

90 

million and million, respectively, relating to environmental compliance and cleanup including, but not limited to, the above mentioned Superfund sites. 

 reportable segments, Water Innovations and Outdoors Security, to reportable segments, Water Innovations, Outdoors and Security. The change in segment reporting was made to align with changes made in the manner our chief operating decision maker reviews the Company s operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. Fiscal Year Change On January 19, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a change to the Company s fiscal year end from December 31 to a 52-or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest but not subsequent to December 31, effective as of the commencement of the Company s fiscal year on January 1, 2023. This change was made in order to align the Company s fiscal year with that of its operating businesses and to align the Company s reporting calendar with how the Company evaluates its businesses. 

91 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acc ountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Contro ls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The Company s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 . 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting , as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report, which appears herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclos ure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 92 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive O fficers and Corporate Governance. 
 See the information under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance - Board Committees - Audit Committee and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. See the information under the caption information about our Executive Officers contained in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company s Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct Ethics that sets forth various policies and procedures intended to promote the ethical behavior of all of the Company s employees. The Company s Board of Directors has also adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Business Conduct Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers are available, free of charge, on the Company s website, http://ir.fbin.com/governing-high-standards . A copy of these documents is also available and will be sent to stockholders free of charge upon written request to the Company s Secretary. Any amendment to, or waiver from, the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct Ethics or the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to any of those officers will be posted to the same location on the Company s website. 
 Item 11. Execut ive Compensation. 
 See the information under the captions Director Compensation, Corporate Governance - Board Committees - Compensation Committee, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, 2022 Executive Compensation, CEO Pay Ratio and Compensation Committee Report contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference . 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial O wners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 See the information under the caption Certain Information Regarding Security Holdings contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. See also the Equity Compensation Plan Information table contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 See the information under the captions Director Independence, Board Committees, Policies with Respect to Transactions with Related Persons and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Acco untant Fees and Services. 
 See the information under the captions Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 93 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fin ancial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits. 

(1) Financial Statements (all financial statements listed below are of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries): 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in Item 8 hereof. (PCAOB ID Number: 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

See Financial Statement Schedule of the Company and subsidiaries at page 97. 
 (3) Exhibits 

2.1. 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 2020 between Fortune Brands Doors, Inc., Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and the owners of Larson Manufacturing Company of South Dakota and its affiliated companies, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021 . 

2.2. 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement dated December 14, 2022, between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and MasterBrand, Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2022. 

2.3. 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and among ASSA ABLOY Inc., Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., and ASSA ABLOY AB, solely for purposes of Section 13.20 thereunder, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022. 

3.1. 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., dated as of September 27, 2011, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2012. 

3.2. 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., dated as of December 15, 2022, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2022. 

3.3. 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws as of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc., effective December 13, 2022, are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-k filed on December 16, 2022. 

4.1. 
 
 Description of Securities. 

4.2. 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2015, by and among Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as Securities Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2015. 

94 

4.3. 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2015, by and among Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as Securities Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on June 16, 2015. 

4.4. 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2018, by and among Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Wilmington Trust National Association as Trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as Securities Agent is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018. 

4.5. 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and among Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as Securities Agent is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2019. 

4.6. 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2022, by and among Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as Securities Agent, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022. 

4.7 
 
 Form of global certificate for the Company s 4.000 Senior Notes due 2025 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on June 16, 2015. 

4.8. 
 
 Form of global certificate for the Company s 4.000 Senior Notes due 2023 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018. 

4.9. 
 
 Form of global certificate for the Company s 3.250 Senior Notes due 2029 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2019. 

4.10 
 
 Form of global certificate for the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2032 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022. 

4.11 
 
 Form of global certificate for the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2052 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022. 

10.1. 
 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated December 14, 2022, between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and MasterBrand, Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2022. 

10.2. 
 
 Tax Allocation Agreement, dated December 14, 2022, by and between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and MasterBrand, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2022. 

10.3. 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated December 14, 2022, between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and MasterBrand, Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2022. 

10.4. 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2011, by and between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and Fortune Brands, Inc. (N/K/A Beam Suntory Inc.) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2011. 

10.5. 
 
 Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2011, by and between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. and Fortune Brands, Inc. (N/K/A Beam Suntory Inc.) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2011. 

95 

10.6. 
 
 1,250,000,000 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2022, among Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., the lenders party thereto, Bank of America N.A., as Syndication Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022. 

10.7. 
 
 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., as issuer, and the Dealer parties thereto, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2021. 

10.8. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Annual Executive Incentive Compensation Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 5, 2013. 

10.9. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on October 3, 2011. 

10.10. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 5, 2013. 

10.11. 
 
 Amendment Number One to the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated as of August 2, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2016. 

10.12. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective as of May 3, 2022, is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 21, 2022. 

10.13. 
 
 Form of 2012 Option Award Notice and Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2012. 

10.14. 
 
 Form of 2013 Stock Option Award Notice and Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2013. 

10.15. 
 
 Form of 2014 Stock Option Award Notice and Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2014. 

10.16. 
 
 Form of 2016 Stock Option Award Notice and Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2016. 

10.17. 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2020. 

10.18 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 22, 2022. 

10.19. 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2020. 

10.20 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 22, 2022. 

96 

10.21. 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2020. 

10.22. 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for awards under the Fortune Brands Home Security Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2022. 

10.23. 
 
 Form of Agreement for the Payment of Benefits Following Termination of Employment between the Company and each of Nicholas I. Fink, Patrick D. Hallinan, Hiranda S. Donoghue, Sheri R. Grissom, John D. Lee, Cheri M. Phyfer, Ron Wilson and May Russell, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2018. 

10.24. 
 
 Form of Agreement for the Payment of Benefits Following Termination of Employment for each of R. David Banyard, Jr. and Brett E. Finley is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2018. 

10.25. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2013) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed on February 27, 2013. 

10.26. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Election Program is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2012. 

10.27. 
 
 Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, amended restated as of February 27, 2017 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2017. 

21. 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23. 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

24. 
 
 Powers of Attorney relating to execution of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

31.1. 
 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer Required Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2. 
 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer Required Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32. 
 
 Joint CEO/CFO Certification Required Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101. 
 
 The following materials from the Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104. 
 
 The cover page of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

Indicates the exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Indicates the exhibit is being furnished or filed herewith, as applicable. 
 Item 16. For m 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 97 

Signat ures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FORTUNE BRANDS INNOVATIONS, INC. (The Company) 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ nicholas i. fink 

Nicholas I. Fink 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

/s/ patrick d. hallinan 

Patrick D. Hallinan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ nicholas i. fink 
 
 /s/ susan s. kilsby 

Nicholas I. Fink, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 Susan S. Kilsby, Director Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ patrick d. hallinan 
 
 /s/ a.d. david mackay 

Patrick D. Hallinan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 A.D. David Mackay, Director Date: February 28, 2023 

/ s / danny luburic 
 
 /s/ john g. morikis 

Danny Luburic, Vice President Controller (principal accounting officer) Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 John G. Morikis, Director Date: February 28, 2023 

/ s / amit banati 
 
 /s/ jeffery s. perry 

Amit Banati, Director Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 Jeffery S. Perry, Director Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ irial finan 
 
 /s/ david m. thomas 

Irial Finan, Director Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 David M. Thomas, Director Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ ann fritz hackett 

Ann Fritz Hackett, Director Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 Ronald V. Waters, III, Director 

By: 
 /s/ Hiranda Donaghue 

Hiranda Donaghue, Attorney-in-Fact 

98 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

2021: 

Allowance for cash discounts and sales allowances 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Allowance for deferred tax assets 

2020: 

Allowance for cash discounts and sales allowances 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

(a) 

 (b) 

99 

<EX-4>
 2
 fbhs-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Overview 
 The following is a summary of information concerning the common stock of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (the Company , we , us or our ), including certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation our charter and our amended and restated bylaws our bylaws and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law, as amended (the DGCL ). The following descriptions do not purport to be complete statements of the relevant provisions of our charter, our bylaws or the DGCL. Our charter and our bylaws are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 750,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 60,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential rights of holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock and any other class or series of stock having preference over the common stock as to dividends. 
 Voting Rights . The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. In matters other than the election of directors, stockholder approval requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of our capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter, voting as a single class, unless the matter is one upon which, by express provision of law, our charter or our bylaws, a different vote is required. Except with respect to vacancies or new directorships, directors are elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast (meaning the number of shares voted for a nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against such nominee with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as a vote cast either for or against that nominee s election) at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. However, in a contested election of directors, directors are to be elected by a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors. 
 In addition to any other vote that may be required by law, applicable stock exchange rule or the terms of any series of our preferred stock, amendments to our certificate of incorporation must be approved by at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class. However, the vote of at least 75 of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class, is required to amend certain provisions of our charter, including the provisions relating to the classified board of directors, stockholder action by written consent and stockholder amendment of our bylaws. 
 Our bylaws may be amended by the vote of at least a majority of our Board of Directors or the holders of at least 75 of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Other Rights . Subject to the rights of any holders of preferred stock, upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, after payment or provision for payment of our debts and other liabilities, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 No shares of our common stock are subject to redemption or have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of our common stock or any other of our securities. There are no subscription rights, conversion rights or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority, without action by our stockholders, to designate and issue our preferred stock in one or more series and to designate the rights, preferences, limitations and privileges of each series of preferred stock, which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. It is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of our preferred stock upon the rights of holders of our common stock until our Board 
 
 of Directors determines the specific rights of the holders of our preferred stock. However, the effects of the issuance of any shares of our preferred stock upon the rights of holders of our common stock might include, among other things: 

restricting dividends on our common stock, 

diluting the voting power of our common stock, 

impairing the liquidation rights of our common stock and 

delaying or preventing a change in control without further action by our stockholders. 

Certain Provisions of Delaware Law, Our Charter and Our Bylaws 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law, our charter and our bylaws summarized below may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests, including attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for shares of our common stock. These provisions: 

encourage potential acquirers to deal directly with our Board of Directors, 

give our Board of Directors the time and leverage to evaluate the fairness of the proposal to all stockholders, 

enhance continuity and stability in the composition of our Board of Directors and in the policies formulated by our Board of Directors and 

discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock . Without any vote or other action by our stockholders, our Board of Directors may designate and issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of the Company. These and other provisions may defer hostile takeovers or delay changes of control of our management. 
 
 No Stockholder Action by Written Consent; Special Meetings . Except as otherwise expressly provided by the terms of any series of our preferred stock permitting the holders of such series to act by written consent, any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of our stockholders, and our charter specifically denies the ability of our stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action. Further, our charter and our bylaws provide that special meetings may be called only by the Chairperson of our Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our Board of Directors. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nomination and Proposals . Our charter requires that advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of our stockholders must be given in the manner provided in our bylaws. To be in proper form, such notice must, among other things, set forth any derivative or hedging positions beneficially held by the noticing or nominating party (or any of its affiliates), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage the risk or benefit from changes in the price of any securities of the Company or maintain, increase or decrease the voting power of such noticing or nominating party (or any of its affiliates) with respect to any of our securities, as well as all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) under the Exchange Act if such a statement were required to be filed by such noticing or nominating party. Generally, under our bylaws, to be timely notice must be received at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding the specific provisions of our bylaws, stockholders may request inclusion of proposals in our proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14(a)-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or inclusion of nominees in our proxy statement pursuant to other proxy rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors . Subject to the rights of holders of any series of our preferred stock with respect to the election of directors, our charter provides for our Board of Directors to be divided into three classes as nearly equal in size as practicable. At each of our annual meetings of stockholders, the successors of the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting of stockholders will be elected for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our stockholders. 
 No Stockholder Ability to Fill Director Vacancies . Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of any series of our preferred stock with respect to the election of directors: 

the number of directors shall be no less than five and no more than fifteen, and the exact number shall be fixed exclusively by a resolution of the Board of Directors, 

a director may be removed from office by our stockholders only for cause and 

vacancies occurring on our Board of Directors for any reason and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled only by vote of a majority of the remaining members of our Board of Directors. 

No Cumulative Voting . Our charter provides that holders of shares of our common stock are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. 
 Supermajority Requirements . Our charter provides that, in addition to any other vote that may be required by law, applicable stock exchange rule or the terms of any series of preferred stock, a vote of at least 75 of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class is required to adopt, amend or repeal certain provisions of our charter. In addition, our bylaws may only be amended by either the vote of at least a majority of our Board of Directors or the vote of at least 75 of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Delaware Takeover Statute . Our charter does not exempt the application of Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover law. 
 
 In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder, and, generally, an interested stockholder is a person that, together with its affiliates and associates, owns 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 3
 fbhs-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 
 The following is a list of significant subsidiaries as of the date hereof and includes the state or other jurisdiction of incorporation. Except as indicated below, each subsidiary does business under its own name. The names of certain subsidiaries are omitted. Such subsidiaries would not, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, constitute a significant subsidiary within the meaning of Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Name of Company 
 
 Place of Incorporation 

Fortune Brands Outdoors Security, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Fortune Brands Doors, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Therma-Tru Corp. 
 
 Ohio 

Fiberon Holding Company LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Fiber Composites, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Larson Manufacturing of South Dakota LLC 
 
 South Dakota 

Larson Manufacturing Company LLC 
 
 South Dakota 

Master Lock Company LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Fortune Brands Global Plumbing Group LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Fortune Brands Global Plumbing Group Holdings II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Fortune Brands Global Plumbing Group Holdings III LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Global Plumbing Group Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Moen Incorporated 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 fbhs-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-264644, 333-188598, 333-177164, 333-177163, and 333-177145) and Form S-3 (No. 333-255730) of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 5
 fbhs-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each of the undersigned, acting in the capacity or capacities stated next to their respective names below, constitute and appoint NICHOLAS I. FINK and HIRANDA S. DONAGHUE, and each of them severally, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution, to sign for and in the name of the undersigned in the capacities indicated below, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Nicholas I. Fink 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Nicholas I. Fink 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Patrick D. Hallinan 
 
 Executive Vice President and 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Patrick D. Hallinan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

/s/ Danny Luburic 
 
 Vice President and 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Danny Luburic 
 
 Corporate Controller 

(principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Amit Banati 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Amit Banati 

/s/ Irial Finan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Irial Finan 

/s/ Ann F. Hackett 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Ann F. Hackett 

/s/ Susan S. Kilsby 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Susan S. Kilsby 

/s/ A. D. David Mackay 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

A. D. David Mackay 

/s/ John G. Morikis 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

John G. Morikis 

/s/ Jeffery S. Perry 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Jeffery S. Perry 

/s/ David M. Thomas 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David M. Thomas 

Director 

Ronald V. Waters, III 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 6
 fbhs-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Nicholas I. Fink, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Nicholas I. Fink 

Nicholas I. Fink 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 fbhs-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Patrick D. Hallinan, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Patrick D. Hallinan 

Patrick Hallinan 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 fbhs-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 JOINT CEO/CFO CERTIFICATE REQUIRED 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Each of the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Nicholas I. Fink 

Nicholas I. Fink 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Patrick D. Hallinan 

Patrick D. Hallinan 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and will be retained by Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 1 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fbhs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fbhs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 fbhs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 fbhs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 fbhs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

