<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1347242_0001753926-23-000352.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9927630</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>511145</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4675539</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2306799</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1006651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1223298</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-23-000352.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331155332
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-23-000352
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347242
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41575
		FILM NUMBER:		23787274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N LEXINGTON ST
		STREET 2:		STE LL103
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15208
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-901-0315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N LEXINGTON ST
		STREET 2:		STE LL103
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-23-000352.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 g083446_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class: 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 

Nasdaq
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
registrant completed the initial public offering of its common stock on December 22, 2022. Accordingly, there was no public
market for the registrant s common stock as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

The
registrant had 5,743,945 shares of its common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. 

References
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, Lipella, we, us, or
 our mean Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. unless otherwise expressly stated or the context indicates otherwise. 

Documents
Incorporated By Reference: None . 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking
statements include information concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected
expenses, prospects and plans and objectives of management. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical
facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, 
 predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would 
or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. 

Forward-looking
statements contained in this Report include, but are not limited to, statements about the following: 

the
 initiation, timing, progress preclinical and clinical trials for other product candidates,
 including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of studies or
 trials and related preparatory work, the period during which the results of the trials
 will become available and our research and development programs; 

the
 timing, scope or results of regulatory filings and approvals for our product candidates,
 including timing of final U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA marketing
 and other regulatory approval of our lead product candidate, LP-10; 

our
 ability to achieve certain accelerated or orphan drug designations from
 the FDA; 

our
 estimates regarding the potential market opportunity for LP-10 or any of our other product
 candidates; 

our
 research and development programs for our product candidates; 

our
 plans and ability to successfully develop and commercialize LP-10 or any of our other
 product candidates; 

our
 ability to identify and develop new product candidates; 

our
 ability to identify, recruit and retain key personnel; 

our
 commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 

the
 implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, product candidates
 and technology; 

the
 scalability and commercial viability of our proprietary manufacturing methods and processes; 

the
 rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of our product candidates and
 gene therapy, in general; 

our
 competitive position; 

our
 intellectual property position and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual
 property; 

our
 financial performance; 

developments
 and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; 

our
 ability to establish and maintain collaborations or obtain additional funding; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for or ability
 to obtain additional financing; 

the
 impact of laws and regulations; 

our
 expectations regarding the time during which an emerging growth company under the JOBS
 Act; and 

3 

the
 impact that general economic conditions and the uncertainty of the U.S. and global economy,
 particularly the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, inflation in the U.S., globally supply
 chain disruptions and the sanctions imposed on Russia as a result of its invasion of
 Ukraine has had and will have on our industry, market, business and product candidates. 

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge
from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking
events and circumstances discussed in this Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from
those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions
only as of the date of this Report. You should read this Report and the documents that we have filed as exhibits hereto completely
and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. 

Except
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available
in the future. 

For
discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results,
see Item 1A - Risk Factors below. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those
expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 

4 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

6 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 53 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 
 
 PART II 
 55 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 55 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 64 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 65 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 65 
 
 PART III 
 66 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 66 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 76 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 84 
 
 PART IV 
 85 
 
 Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 

5 

pART
i 

Item
1. Business 

O verview 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in February 2005. We
are focused on developing new drugs by reformulating the active agents in existing generic drugs and optimizing these reformulations
for new applications. 

We
believe that our strategy combines many of the cost efficiencies and risk abatements derived from using existing generic drugs
with potential patent protections for our proprietary formulations; this strategy allows us to expedite, protect, and monetize
our product candidates. Additionally, we maintain a therapeutic focus on diseases with significant, unaddressed morbidity and
mortality where no approved drug therapy currently exists. We believe that this focus can potentially help reduce the cost, time
and risk associated with obtaining marketing approval. We have not yet commercialized any products, and we do not expect to generate
revenue from sales of any product candidates for several years. 

Our
Lead Product Candidates: LP-10 and LP-310 

Consistent
with our strategy, the initial indication that we are currently addressing (via development of our product candidate, which we
have designated as LP-10) is hemorrhagic cystitis HC ), which is chronic, uncontrolled urinary blood
loss that results from certain chemotherapies (such as alkylating agents) or pelvic radiation therapy (also called radiation
cystitis ). Many radiation cystitis patients experience severe morbidity (and in some cases, mortality), and currently,
there is no therapy for their condition approved by the FDA, or, to our knowledge, any other regulatory body. 

LP-10
is the development name of our reformulation of tacrolimus (an approved generic active agent) specifically optimized for topical
deposition to the internal surface of the urinary bladder lumen using a proprietary drug delivery platform that we have developed
and that we refer to as our metastable liposome drug delivery platform (our Platform ). We are developing LP-10 and
our Platform to be, to our knowledge, the first drug candidate and drug delivery technology that could be successful in treating
cancer survivors who acquire HC. Our first issued U.S. patent covering LP-10 expires July 11, 2035, unless extended, and our second
issued U.S. patent covering the method of making LP-10 expires November 9, 2034, unless extended. Our issued Australian patent
covering LP-10 expires October 22, 2034. The Canadian patent, issued on August 23, 2022, expires October 22, 2034. We also have
a corresponding patent application pending in the U.S. (U.S.S.N. 17/829,960) and a corresponding allowed patent application pending
in the European Patent Office, which has been allowed, but not yet granted. We also have a pending U.S. patent application on
an improvement to the technology. We have received FDA orphan drug designation covering LP-10 and plan to apply
for additional regulatory designations in the event we achieve qualifying results in the current phase 2a clinical trial for LP-10. 

The
safety and efficacy of LP-10 was evaluated in a 13-subject, open-label, multi-center, dose-escalation, phase 2a clinical trial
in patients experiencing complications associated with a rare but highly morbid disease called radiation-induced hemorrhagic
cystitis or radiation cystitis. This phase 2a clinical trial commenced on February 15, 2021, and we reported
the trial s summary results in the first quarter of 2023. There is currently no FDA approved drug therapy available for
radiation cystitis patients, who are all cancer survivors who received pelvic radiation therapy to treat solid pelvic tumors,
including prostate and ovarian cancers and who are now dealing with therapy-associated complications, including urinary bleeding
(a radiation cystitis symptom). LP-10 s active ingredient, tacrolimus, which has a well-known pharmacology and toxicology,
addresses a reduction (or cessation) of uncontrolled urinary bleeding. 

In
a second program, we are developing a product candidate, which we have designated LP-310 and which employs a formulation similar
to LP-10, for the treatment of oral lichen planus OLP ). OLP is a chronic, T-cell-mediated, autoimmune oral mucosal
disease, and LP-310 contains tacrolimus which inhibits T-lymphocyte activation. Symptoms of OLP include painful burning sensations,
bleeding and irritation with tooth brushing, painful, thickened patches on the tongue, and discomfort when speaking, chewing or
swallowing. These symptoms frequently cause weight loss, nutritional deficiency, anxiety, depression, and scarring from erosive
lesions. OLP can also be a precursor to cancer, predominately squamous cell carcinoma, with a malignant transformation rate of
approximately one percent. 

6 

LP-310
is the development name of our oral, liposomal formulation of tacrolimus (the same approved generic active agent in LP-10) specifically
optimized for local delivery to oral mucosa. We believe that our approach of using metastable liposomal tacrolimus as a treatment
for OLP is novel. To date, upon review of relevant FDA public data resources on approved drugs and biologics, we are not aware
of any other liposomal products developed to treat such disease. We have completed a pre-investigational new drug IND meeting with the FDA and intend to submit the full IND application to the FDA for LP-310 in the third quarter of 2023. Our issued
U.S. and Australian patents covering LP-310 expire July 11, 2035, October 22, 2034 and October 22, 2034, respectively. The Canadian
patent, issued on August 23, 2022, expires October 22, 2034. We also have a corresponding patent application pending in the U.S.
(U.S.S.N. 17/829,960) and a corresponding allowed patent application pending in the European Patent Office. We also have a pending
U.S. patent application on an improvement to the technology. 

Our
Metastable Liposome Drug Delivery Platform 

We
have developed a proprietary technology, referred to as our Platform, which is optimized for local hydrophobic drug delivery to
body cavities having endothelial surfaces. Our process employs liposomal technology protected by issued patents in the United
States, Australia and Canada. We also have a corresponding patent application pending in the U.S. (U.S.S.N. 17/829,960) and a
corresponding allowed patent application pending in the European Patent Office. This technology involves direct drug delivery
to the urinary bladder mucosa, and, we believe, has the potential to improve efficacy (by increasing drug concentration at the
site of injury) and to reduce the possibility of side effects (by reducing the drug s exposure to unrelated organs). The
first body-cavity application for which we intend to utilize our Platform is the urinary bladder, which has been designed to deliver
LP-10. We are also developing an oral cavity product for the treatment of OLP using our Platform (LP-310). We are continuing to
research and develop products for additional body cavities, including the anal-rectal cavity (radiation proctitis) and the esophagus
(eosinophilic esophagitis). We have a pending U.S. patent application on a new embodiment of this technology. 

We
predict that our Platform will provide a superior approach for treating inflammatory urinary bladder conditions compared to other
delivery mechanisms and that certain inherent features of the metastable liposomes, combined with our intravesical formulations,
provides our Platform with several advantages over existing bladder drug delivery methodologies in current clinical practice for
inflammatory bladder applications. These advantageous characteristics include the following: 

non-inflammatory
 (without the use of ethanol or other alcohols for solubility); 

large payload capacity
 of hydrophobic agents (10 by mass); 

urothelial affinity,
 which results in efficient drug transfer; 

low systemic distribution
 (large particle size); 

reproducible manufacturing
 and scalability; and 

prior clinical experience
 utilizing the liposomal delivery vehicle. 

The
following table summarizes our therapeutic candidate pipeline and discovery research programs: 

Figure 1 

7 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe we are uniquely positioned to employ liposome technology in the development of intravesical treatments for urinary bladder
indications due, in part, to our particular strengths, including: 

our
 proprietary Platform, which we believe will allow us to develop a pipeline of products to treat urinary bladder diseases as
 well as diseases of other body cavities; 

our
 clinical development strategy intended to maximize efficiencies by repurposing existing therapeutics for new proprietary indications
 and formulations; 

our
 clinical programs, which are designed to qualify, and take advantage of, accelerated regulatory approval pathways and designations
 that provide marketing exclusivity; 

take
 advantage of product exclusivity through patent protection of our novel formulations and indications for use; 

our
 product candidate, LP-10, which is being developed to address HC in accordance with our capital-efficient strategy via: 

o 
 the
 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway strategy, which refers to requests for marketing approval from the FDA upon submission
 of an abbreviated new drug application aNDA pursuant to Section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
 Act, as amended (the FDCA and permits us to rely on existing data pertaining to the generic active ingredient;
 we anticipate referencing relevant publicly available data, including the publicly disclosed FDA drug approval package for
 tacrolimus in the preparation and submission of our aNDA for LP-10 and LP-310; 

o 
 a known mechanism
 of action being combined with a new drug delivery method (our Platform) and a new site of delivery; and 

o 
 our receipt of FDA
 orphan drug designation covering LP-10; 

our
 in-house manufacturing pilot plant (our Facility ), which positions us to maximize scalability, quality and reliability,
 and permits us to better develop and maintain our trade secrets; 

our
 experienced scientific team, which has expertise in urology and liposomal drug development; and 

our
 management team, which has a track record in clinical development of local therapeutics for urinary bladder indications. 

Our
Strategy 

We
are, to our knowledge, currently developing the first drug candidate and proprietary drug delivery platform that could be successful
in treating cancer survivors who acquire HC and we intend to apply our proprietary drug delivery technology to the oral mucosa
for the treatment of OLP. Our development programs are designed to address opportunities for capital efficient drug discovery
and development, especially research programs that reposition existing therapeutics for new indications that exploit new formulations.
The key elements of the strategy that we are employing to achieve our goals are: 

Advance the
 development of our lead product candidate, LP-10, to treat HC patients. We designed LP-10 as a differentiated therapy for the treatment of cancer survivors with HC risks. We
believe that LP-10 could be approved by the FDA as an effective therapy against HC due to its ability to exploit the known irreversible
local vasoconstriction of tacrolimus (the active ingredient of LP-10) and take advantage of tacrolimus well-known anti-inflammatory
properties. Our Platform permits a relatively high local drug concentration while also avoiding potential systemic toxicity. LP-10
has recently been evaluated in a phase 2a open-label, dose-escalation clinical trial for patients experiencing moderate to severe
HC. Topline results reported in January 2023 are indicative of proof-of-concept in humans. Based on these recent results and the
preclinical profile, we believe LP-10 has the potential to deliver meaningful clinical benefits over the currently available standard
of care. 

8 

Leverage our
 differentiated research and discovery approach to expand our product candidate pipeline. We expect to maintain a pipeline of additional product candidates, including LP-310, consistent with our strategy
of developing proprietary 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway assets to address highly morbid indications where no adequate treatment(s)
exists. We believe that our drug design approach, which involves proprietary repositioning of existing therapeutics (i.e., development
of new applications using existing, approved active agents), integrated with our Platform, will allow us to efficiently design
and validate novel product candidates that target inflammatory conditions of mucosal membranes. 

Maximize the
 clinical impact and value of our pipeline by relying on the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway and, accordingly, deliver value to
 the stockholders. We believe the targeted nature of our research and discovery approach fosters efficient and
 focused clinical development. We intend to continue to build a lean, experienced team to develop product candidates in a capital-efficient
 manner. We intend to retain the commercialization rights to product candidates; however, we may opportunistically enter into
 strategic collaborations in certain geographic or clinical settings to maximize the value of our product pipeline. 

Continue to
 seek new therapies for rare diseases that can be evaluated with relatively small clinical trials, with an intent to minimize
 clinical development costs. Rare diseases that present severe morbidity and mortality are potentially eligible
 for accelerated regulatory approval pathways, such as the FDA s orphan drug designation and designations
 under one or more of the FDA s expedited development and review programs, which are associated with significantly lower
 development costs to obtain marketing approval for promising drug candidates. 
 
 Our product development strategy involves combining intellectual property protection for novel formulations
and indications for approved active pharmaceutical ingredients APIs with regulatory efficiencies provided by obtaining
FDA designations that make our product candidates eligible for certain incentives that expedite development and review. We believe
that this product development strategy is more capital efficient compared to traditional discovery of a new chemical entity because
the safety and mechanisms of the approved APIs for the novel formulations of our product candidates are better understood and established.
In the United States, approval of API products follows the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway which permits us to rely
on existing research and development R D data pertaining to the generic active ingredient. The 505(b)(2) regulatory
pathway often provides an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products.
Using a 505(b)(2) new drug application NDA ), we expect to reduce the cost, time and risk that would otherwise be
associated with bringing these programs to market. See Government Regulation Applicable To Our Business The
505(b)(2) NDA Regulatory Pathway below for more information. 

LP-10
and the Intended Treatment of HC 

We
recently completed our phase 2a clinical trial of LP-10 and reported top-line results in January 2023. LP-10 relies on intravesical
vasoconstrictive and anti-inflammatory drug therapy for our intended treatment of HC, a rare and severe consequence of cancer
therapy for which there is currently no approved treatment. HC affects the bladder lining and is caused by the protein-cross-linking
effects of chemotherapy as well as longer-term effects from radiation-induced damage to urothelial tissue. In HC patients, the
urothelial damage results in significant urinary bleeding, inducing the need for blood transfusions. Those cancer patients who
acquire HC suffer from pain and discomfort that accompanies their bleeding. Based on information from the American Cancer Society
as well as published reports on the incidence of HC resulting from either chemo or radiation therapy, we believe there are approximately
72,000 patients annually in the United States who suffer from a severe form of radiation-induced HC and an estimated 60,000 patients
annually with systemic chemotherapy-induced HC. We received orphan drug designation from the FDA for the use of
tacrolimus (including LP-10) for the treatment of HC. 

We
believe that our approach of using metastable liposomal tacrolimus as a treatment for HC, which has not yet been approved by the
FDA, is novel. To date, we are not aware of any other liposomal products developed for clinical urinary bladder instillation.
The current standard of care for HC patients is limited to measures such as irrigation and cauterization, which seek to reduce
or halt the urinary bleeding of HC but often do not work effectively. There is no approved treatment for HC, and there are currently
no other drug treatments for HC in clinical development of which we are aware. LP-10 is designed to be an acute treatment for
HC to be administered via urinary catheter either at a hospital or doctor s office within 30 minutes, which would be repeated
daily for a total of four instillations in the same number of days. LP-10 seeks to treat HC via two mechanisms: high local vasoconstriction
and longer-term anti-inflammation. 

9 

On
December 23, 2019, we received IND approval from the FDA for LP-10, including approval for LP-10 s proposed clinical protocol,
and central investigational review board IRB approval of our IND-approved clinical protocol, as well as approval
for the investigator s brochure and patient s informed consent associated with LP-10. From 2020 to 2022, we signed
clinical trial agreements in connection with eight clinical sites to conduct the dose-escalation, phase 2a clinical trial of LP-10.
We recently completed the phase 2a dose-escalation trial (reporting results in January 2023) and intend to apply for FDA accelerated
approval pathways, including FDA Breakthrough Therapy designation and the design of a pivotal phase 3 clinical trial. If successful,
we believe the results of an LP-10 phase 3 trial could support the submission of an NDA for LP-10 to the FDA through the 505(b)(2)
regulatory pathway and a Marketing Authorization Application MAA to the EMA in Europe. However, there can be no
assurance that we will obtain such designation from, or be permitted to use such pathway by, the FDA, who is ultimately responsible
for making such determinations. 

Background
on HC 

HC
is characterized by the presence of sustained hematuria and lower urinary tract symptoms in the absence of active tumor and other
conditions or infections that cause excessive bleeding, (Gorzynska et al. 2005). Urologic adverse events caused by HC include
frequency, dysuria, urgency, nocturia, suprapubic pain, bladder infection, fatigue and both microscopic and gross hematuria. 

Bleeding
from HC ranges from non-visible (or microscopic) hematuria to gross (visible) hematuria with clots (Decker et al. 2009). Moderately
severe cases of HC involve massive bleeding and clot formation. Severe HC is a challenging condition to treat and may give rise
to serious complications, leading to prolonged hospitalization and/or mortality (Decker et al. 2009; Mukhtar and Woodhouse 2010)
and HC cases resulting from chemotherapy are reported to have a mortality rate approaching 4 (Rastinehad et al. 2007). Even mild
cases of HC can cause disabling symptoms e.g. , frequency, urgency and pelvic pain, often localized to the bladder or urethra)
(Payne et al. 2013). A standardized grading system (Droller et al. 1982) to classify the severity of HC has been proposed, which
is shown in Figure 2 below: 

Figure
2 

HC
can be classified as early- or late-onset (Zwaans et al. 2016). HC can also develop weeks to months after treatment in 20 25 
of patients who receive high doses of cyclophosphamide. The effects of radiation-induced HC may be acute or delayed, occurring
long after radiation treatment has ended, from two months to 15 years later (Zwaans et al. 2018; Manikandan et al. 2010). 

10 

Prevalence 

At
the suggestion of the FDA s Office of Orphan Products Development, we have measured annual cyclophosphamide and ifosphamide
use in a large commercial database for private health plans between 2008 and 2010 and, based on guidance from the FDA, applied
a 40 rate of HC in such patient database. The information from the database, combined with the FDA s recommended guidance,
results in a prevalence of consequential HC to potentially reach 60,000 new cases per year in the United States. This methodology
implicitly assumes that the prevalence of use observed in private health plans (including Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in private
plans) is generalizable to the nation as a whole, and such figure represents our conservative estimate of the number of new cases
per year after applying the FDA s recommended 40 rate to the figures in such patient database. HC resulting from pelvic
radiation therapy (occurring in the prostate, rectum and uterine corpus) is less common than HC resulting from chemotherapy and
is believed to be proportional to the incidence of the primary neoplasia (the original malignancy). Such incidence
of HC is based on a combined estimate of the incidence of both chemotherapy-induced HC and radiation-induced HC from (i) peer-reviewed
literature estimating the proportion of cyclophosphamide and ifosphamide recipients that acquire chemotherapy-induced HC after
undergoing chemotherapy, as applied to a national chemotherapy incidence measurement study, and (ii) peer-reviewed literature
containing estimates of the proportion of cancers treated with pelvic radiation therapy and the number of years patients survive
post-radiation therapy, in addition to pelvic cancer incidence estimates publicly available from sources such as the American
Cancer Society. According to the American Cancer Society publication Cancer Facts Figures 2022 (available
at: https://www.cancer.org/content/dam/cancer-org/research/cancer-facts-and-statistics/annual-cancer-facts-and-figures/2022/2022-cancer-facts-and-figures.pdf),
there are 268,490 new cases of prostate cancer in the U.S. each year, 151,030 new cases of rectum and colon cancer in the U.S.
each year, and 65,950 cases new cases of uterine corpus cancer in the U.S. each year. Based, in part, on this data, we estimate
the U.S. incidence of HC to be in the range of approximately 100,000 to 200,000 cases per year. 

Existing
Treatment Options 

There
is currently no standard therapy available for patients with HC, and there are no guidelines available on how HC should be optimally
managed. Current HC treatments are regarded as ineffective, risky, or both. Such treatments include general medical management
(e.g., estrogens, pentosan-polysulfate, and hyperbaric oxygen HBO )), instillation therapy (e.g., aminocaproic-acid,
alum, silver-nitrate, formalin, and fibrin glue), embolization and surgery (e.g., coagulation and cystectomy). The moderately
severe cases of HC involve massive bleeding as well as clot formations that require evacuation. The most severe cases require
surgical intervention (e.g., urinary diversion or cystectomy) (Sant 2002; Perez-Brayfield and Kirsch 2009). In addition, we believe
current treatments pose significant patient risk: interventional fulguration of bleeding sites rarely works and exposes sick,
frail patients to surgical risks; treatment with aminocaprotic acid often leads to dangerous clots; treatment with silver nitrate
can cause bladder perforation or kidney failure; and treatment with formalin significantly reduces bladder functionality and causes
excruciating pain (Vicente, Rios et al. 1990). 

HBO
treatments for HC may decrease and prevent the risk of bleeding but cannot treat ongoing bleeding, in part because therapy takes
up to 40 sessions over a period of two to three months. Cystectomy causes significant morbidity and is generally an option of
last resort; in some cases where cystectomy is conducted, old and/or frail patients can bleed to death. There are no other products
in development of which we are aware that are indicated for the treatment of HC. Should LP-10 ultimately receive FDA market approval,
we believe it will address this unmet medical need and provide a benefit over existing products while fitting into the existing
treatment algorithm as a treatment for refractory HC. 

LP-10 s
Mechanisms of Action Tacrolimus 

LP-10 s
API tacrolimus has been approved by the FDA for systemic use for inhibiting transplant rejection and as topical ointment for moderate
to severe atopic dermatitis. Tacrolimus acts by inhibition of IL-2-dependent T-cell activation and has a direct inhibitory effect
on cell-mediated immunity (Kino et al., 1987; Tamura et al., 2002). Tacrolimus prolongs the survival of the host and transplanted
graft in animal transplant models of liver, kidney, heart, bone marrow, small bowel and pancreas, lung and trachea, skin, cornea
and limb. In animals, tacrolimus has been demonstrated to suppress some humoral immunity and, to a greater extent, cell-mediated
reactions such as allograft rejection, delayed type hypersensitivity, collagen-induced arthritis, experimental allergic encephalomyelitis
and graft versus host disease. Tacrolimus inhibits T-lymphocyte activation, though the exact mechanism is not known. Experimental
evidence suggests that tacrolimus binds to an intracellular protein named FKBP-12. A complex molecule comprising tacrolimus-FKBP-12,
calcium, calmodulin and calcineurin is formed and the phosphatase activity of calcineurin is inhibited. This effect may prevent
the dephosphorylation and translocation of the nuclear factor of activated T-cells, a nuclear component thought to initiate gene
transcription for the formation of lymphokines (such as interleukin-2, gamma interferon). The net result is the inhibition of
T-lymphocyte activation (i.e., immunosuppression). 

11 

The
urothelium is the primary site of tissue damage in the general pathophysiology of cystitis (Erdogan et al. 2002). Recent studies
have highlighted the overexpression of genes related to immune and inflammatory responses, including activation of CD4+ T-helper
type-1-related chemokines in general cystitis (Trompeter et al. 2002; Almawi and Melemedjian 2000). Expression of chemokines precedes
infiltration of immune cells and elevation of chemokines is an established signature of the inflammatory phenotype in bladder
pain. Many of the symptoms of HC are related to inflammation of urothelial tissues. We believe that our application of the liposomal
tacrolimus could potentially have a two-fold effect of (i) inhibiting calcineurin and the related response, and (ii) causing acute
arteriole vasoconstriction to suppress HC (see Figure 2 above). Calcineurin inhibition is the well-known tacrolimus intracellular
signal transduction mechanism that impairs the ability of certain immune cells to activate, and tacrolimus vasoconstrictive
properties are referenced, for example, in section 5.7 Nephrotoxicity of the Label (prescribing information) associated
with the PROGRAF (tacrolimus) injection (for intravenous use) Initial U.S. Approval: 1994. 

Non-Clinical
Study Results Involving Intravesical Tacrolimus 

The
following is a summary of non-clinical studies conducted with rats and dogs that were sponsored by the Company or conducted in
collaboration with Company scientists. Results from animal studies are not always predictive of results of subsequent human clinical
trials: 

Effect
of intravesical-tacrolimus on chemotherapy-induced HC 

In
September 2010, the effect of intravesical-tacrolimus was examined in a rat model for chemotherapy-induced, intraperitoneal injection
of cyclophosphamide (200 mg/kg; i.p.) HC. This study demonstrated that cyclophosphamide-induced hyperactivity (i.e., decrease
in inter-contraction interval) was suppressed in rats with intravesical LP-10 treatment but not in the rat groups left untreated
(sham) or treated with empty liposomes (vehicle control) (Chuang et al. 2010). This result indicates that liposomal tacrolimus
may mitigate cyclophosphamide injury in an animal model (Neurology and Urodynamics 30:421-427 (2011)). 

Effect
of intravesical-tacrolimus on radiation-induced HC 

In
October 2012, the efficacy of intravesical-tacrolimus was also examined in a rat model for radiation-induced HC. A 40 Gy radiation
dose induced statistically significant reductions in the intermicturition interval recorded during metabolic urination patterns.
Irradiated rats were randomly assigned to receive a single instillation of saline or intravesical-tacrolimus. Intravesical-tacrolimus
increased the post-irradiation intermicturition intervals (p 

Pharmacokinetics
of sphingomyelin formulated tacrolimus 

A
2013 study examined levels of tacrolimus in blood, urine and bladder tissue following a single dose of liposome formulated tacrolimus
instilled in the bladder of rats under anesthesia as compared to intravesical instillation of tacrolimus or intraperitoneal injection
of tacrolimus in other rat groups. The tacrolimus dose was constant in all formulations at 200g/ml. At different times, blood,
urine and bladder samples were collected. Tacrolimus levels in samples were analyzed using microparticle enzyme immunoassay. The
area under curve AUC of liposome tacrolimus in serum at 0 to 24 hours was significantly lower than that of tacrolimus
instillation or injection. Non-compartmental pharmacokinetic data analysis revealed maximum concentration of liposomal tacrolimus
and tacrolimus in blood and urine at one and at two hours, respectively. Urine AUC (0 24 hours) after intravesical administration
was significantly higher than in the intraperitoneal group (p 

12 

LP-10
Toxicology Studies 

In
2018, we completed chronic toxicology studies in rats and dogs, which were the two species of animals that we agreed to study
in the course of our pre-IND communications with the FDA. The completion of such studies is normally required prior to requesting
IND approval. The in-life phase of the toxicology rat study was performed between February and March 2018 and the in-life phase
of the dog toxicology study was performed in March 2018. Such studies were company-sponsored and conducted by qualified vendors
specializing in good laboratory practice in-vivo toxicology studies. The animals in such 2018 studies were assessed for morbidity,
mortality, clinical observations and weekly body weight. Full sets of standard tissues, including urinary tract tissues, were
collected and weighed and histopathology evaluations were conducted from all such animals. The studies concluded that no significant
local and systemic toxicity resulted from the administration of LP-10 by intravesical instillation in either rats or dogs. 

LP-10 s
Addressable Market 

LP-10
has been designed for the approximately one million cancer survivors in the United States today who have had pelvic radiation
therapy and are at risk for HC. Based on the managed care database study that we sponsored in 2012 as part of our approved request
for FDA orphan drug designation of tacrolimus for HC, approximately 72,000 of these patients annually experience
severe chronic bladder bleeding that is often fatal. LP-10 has been developed to address this form of bleeding, as well as bladder
bleeding associated with breast cancer patients who are taking systemic cyclophosphamide or ifosfamide, leading to chemotherapy-related
cystitis experienced by an estimated 60,000 patients annually in the United States, inferring an addressable market in excess
of 120,000 patients annually. 

Figure
3 

(1)
American Cancer Society Cancer Facts and Figures 2022, (2) derived from a Company-sponsored study, (3) based on the Company s
40 estimate, (4) American Cancer Society Cancer Treatment and Survivorship Fact and Figures 2019-2021, (5) based on the Company s
30 estimate (6) 8 estimate, (7) based on the Company s estimate, (8) 20,000 average revenue per each of an estimated
60,000 patients treated per year. 

Figure
3 above illustrates the potential sources of revenue for LP-10. LP-10 is not currently approved for any indication; however, if
clinical development is successful and we receive marketing approval for LP-10, we estimate the average LP-10 price to exceed
 20,000 per patient-year domestically. This estimate is based on costs of HBO therapy, which is an option for patients with mild
cases. HBO therapy can cost approximately 15,000 for a course of 30 sessions. Our price estimate also includes the potential
for associated reductions in direct medical expenditures, especially for severe cases. We estimate the peak demand, at this price,
to be, approximately 60,000 patients annually, which represents an approximate 50 market penetration in the U.S. Based on such
price and demand estimates, we believe there is potential to receive up to 1.2 billion in annual gross revenue. 

13 

Our
Lead Drug Candidate, LP-10, and Our Product Pipeline 

Five
fundamental aspects of our LP-10 drug candidate make it an excellent fit for our strategy (see Figure 4 below). First, our API
has a well-known mechanism of action. Second, published non-clinical studies involving animals, which are described above, demonstrate
the potential for significant efficacy in our intended indication and route of administration. Third, we are fortunate to have
had a successful human experience with intravesical tacrolimus (Dave et. al. Int Urol Nephrol 2015). Fourth, we believe we can
take advantage of accelerated regulatory approval pathways for LP-10; we have already received orphan drug designation
from the FDA that grants us product exclusivity, and we plan to apply for designations under one or more of the FDA s expedited
development and review programs. Fifth, we believe that the revenue potential for LP-10 could be significant. We believe our focus
on capital-efficient drug development provides us with additional opportunities as we evaluate potential drug candidates for other
rare diseases, especially those associated with locally delivering drugs to body cavities. When evaluating opportunities, we ensure
that both the indication as well as the regulatory pathway are conducive to capital-efficient
drug development. Our product candidate pipeline includes product candidates that could treat OLP (LP-310). Most recently, on
April 8, 2021, we received the FDA s response to our February 8, 2021 pre-IND meeting request and docket regarding formulation,
non-clinical toxicology and proposed clinical protocol for LP-310, providing clarity regarding our requirements for IND submission.
We believe that our current product candidate pipeline could enable us to apply our drug delivery technology (our Platform) for
multiple types of severe, rare diseases, and in the future, could enable us to address additional broader indications associated
with endothelial inflammation. Local delivery often allows us to avert known risk factors by only locally applying the effective
dose. 

Figure
4 

We
are currently evaluating several potential product candidates for additional indications (including radiation proctitis and eosinophilic
esophagitis). 

LP-10 s
Regulatory Status 

In 2019, we completed the required manufacturing and toxicology program to submit an IND request to the
FDA to begin testing LP-10 in human subjects. We submitted the IND request in September 2019 and received approval from the FDA
within 30 days of submission to begin a clinical study involving LP-10. In December 2019, we received an advice letter from the
FDA recommending several modifications to our proposed clinical protocol for LP-10, which we accommodated. We also submitted and
received approval from the FDA for the trial s associated investigator brochure and the proposed documentation of patient
consent. Both of these documents, in addition to the clinical protocol, were submitted to Adverra, our central IRB, and we subsequently
received IRB approval to conduct our clinical trial. In February 2020, the first patient was dosed in LP-10 s FDA phase 2a
open-label, dose-escalation clinical trial for patients experiencing moderate to severe HC, which is intended to demonstrate proof-of-concept
in humans. We reported summary results from LP-10 s phase 2a clinical trial in January 2023. 

14 

LP-10 s
FDA Orphan Drug Designation Status 

In
2010, we submitted a request to the FDA for orphan drug designation covering LP-10 and subsequently received approval
for such designation in July 2012. This provides us with marketing exclusivity and permits us to benefit from shorter FDA review
periods and reduced regulatory fees for LP-10. We intend to apply for similar orphan drug designations in additional
jurisdictions, including Europe and Japan, as well as additional regulatory classifications, such as the FDA s Breakthrough
Therapy and Fast Track designations, in the United States. We expect that any designations that we have received, or may in the
future receive, will confer additional advantages during LP-10 s development. However, there can be no assurance that we
will obtain such designations from the FDA, who is ultimately responsible for making such determinations. 

LP-10 s
Clinical Status 

Our multi-center, open-label dose-escalation phase 2a LP-10 clinical trial involved a total of thirteen
subjects who received tacrolimus doses in one or two instillations of 2, 4 or 8mg via a pre-liposomal lyophilate reconstituted
in 40 milliliters of sterile water. Subjects were cancer survivors with a history of pelvic radiotherapy who developed moderate
to severe HC refractory to conventional therapy. The study was IRB-approved at nine clinical sites within the FDA s jurisdiction. 

Four subjects were enrolled in the 2mg group, four subjects were enrolled in the 4mg group, and five subjects
were enrolled in the 8mg group. All subjects were male, with a median age of 67 years. Nine of the thirteen subjects had a history
of prostate cancer and had been previously treated with external beam radiation. Two of the thirteen subjects had a history of
lymphoma previously treated with radiation, and two had a history of bladder cancer previously treated with radiation. 

The last subject of the LP-10 phase 2a study completed the last visit in October 2022. We reported top-line
data from this trial in January 2023. All twenty-three LP-10 instillations in the 2mg, 4 mg and 8mg groups were well-tolerated
by all thirteen subjects without related adverse events or elevated blood tacrolimus levels. For multiple subjects, hematuria
and urinary symptoms improved, and cystoscopic bleeding and ulceration sites decreased. There was a complete response in three
of the subjects, a partial response in seven of the subjects and no response in three of the subjects. We believe that such data
and instillation safety findings indicate LP-10 s tolerability in HC patients and evidence LP-10 s potential use for
the treatment of HC. 

LP-310
and the Intended Treatment of OLP 

LP-310
is currently in pre-clinical development. LP-310 uses immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory drug therapy to treat OLP, which
is a chronic immune-mediated mucosal disease characterized by ulcerative lesions in the oral cavity. To date, upon review
of relevant FDA public data resources on approved drugs and biologics, we are not aware of any other liposomal products developed
to treat OLP. Patients are currently treated with off-label steroids for managing painful, erosive or ulcerative lesions. Yet,
there are virtually no steroids formulated for topical drug delivery to lesions in the mouth. For severe and difficult-to-treat
lesions, systemic steroids, and other immunosuppressive agents (e.g., hydroxychloroquin) are often needed, even though OLP is
localized. Creams, gels and ointments do not adhere to oral mucosa and are easily swallowed, while mouthwashes and steroid inhalers
have extremely short contact time with lesions. For severe and difficult-to-treat lesions, systemic steroids are often needed,
even though OLP is localized. As a result, we believe there is great unmet medical need for this disease. 

We
believe that our approach of using metastable liposomal tacrolimus as a treatment for OLP, which has not yet been approved by
the FDA, is novel. Tacrolimus has been used as an off-label oral treatment of OLP and it has been shown to be effective based
on systematic review and meta-analysis (Sun et al., 2019), which we believe is indicative of a rationale for using tacrolimus
to treat OLP. Twenty-one trials involving 965 patients were included in this meta-analysis that concluded, in part, that
treatment with tacrolimus may be an alternative approach when OLP does not respond to the standard protocols. 

15 

Background
on OLP 

OLP
is a chronic T-cell-mediated mucosal disease that affects more than 1 of the global population, or more than 6 million people
in the U.S. and Europe, according to Gonz lez-Moles et. al., Oral Diseases 27(4):813-828 May 2021, Worldwide
prevalence of oral lichen planus: A systematic review and meta-analysis. OLP is generally divided into three clinical subtypes:
reticular, atrophic or erythematous, and erosive and/or ulcerative. Although lichen planus can be found on other areas of the
body, such as with cutaneous lichen planus LP ), OLP has a chronic course, with little chance for spontaneous resolution,
and most therapies that are currently available are palliative rather than curative. Based on peer-reviewed medical literature,
OLP has a prevalence ranging from 1-2 , and females twice as likely as men to have the disease. The age on onset is generally
between 30-60 years. Although cutaneous LP is associated with approximately 15 of OLP cases, OLP is associated with approximately
75 of patients with cutaneous LP. 

Symptoms
vary, but the disease is typically characterized by white reticular changes, erythema and painful ulcerative lesions in the oral
cavity, accompanied by inflammation and severe pain. The precise cause is unknown, although an autoreactive immune process is
suspected by most experts in the field. OLP is most frequently located bilaterally on the buccal mucosa (the inside lining of
the cheeks and floor of the mouth), but can also appear on the tongue, palatal mucosa, gingiva and lips. Because of the long-lasting
nature of the disease and painful symptoms, which can be spontaneous or triggered by acidic, crunchy and spicy food, patients
require ongoing care and monitoring. Patients with OLP also have an approximately 1 likelihood of being diagnosed with oral cancer
as a result of OLP (between 0.4 to 5 over a 20-year period, with an annual rate between 0.2 to 0.5 ), making early detection
and treatment imperative. 

Some
cases of OLP are caused by a hypersensitivity reaction to mercury and formaldehyde or medications such as ACE inhibitors, thiazide
diuretics, beta blockers, gold salts, sulfasalazine, sulfonylureas and penicillamine. The new biologic agents such as TNF alpha
inhibitors may also cause lichen planus-like eruptions. Patients with hypothyroidism, including Hashimoto thyroiditis, also develop
OLP and it is unclear whether it is thyroid disease that predisposes an individual to OLP, or whether the drugs used to treat
such disease also cause OLP. Hepatitis C virus infection has also been associated with the development of OLP in southern European
countries. As mentioned above, we are not aware of any approved treatments for OLP and we do not believe that current treatments
are sufficiently effective. 

LP-310 s
Mechanisms of Action 

LP-310
contains the API tacrolimus, like LP-10. Recent studies have highlighted that OLP pathophysiology is initiated by cellular-mediated
immunity, most importantly, the increased production of T-helper 1(Th1) cytokines (Chamani et al., 2015). The oral mucosa
is the primary site of tissue damage in the pathophysiology of OLP (Alrashdan et al., 2016). For a discussion of the tacrolimus
API, on which LP-310 relies for its delivery to the oral cavity, and the effect tacrolimus has on T-lymphocyte activation, see
 LP-10 s Mechanisms of Action Tacrolimus above. We believe that our application of the
liposomal tacrolimus to the oral cavity to address OLP could exploit this mechanism with a high local and low systemic distribution. 

Planned
Non-Clinical Studies Involving LP-310 

The
FDA has recommended small and large animal local and systemic toxicology studies as part of the IND package for HC. Based on our
experience working with the FDA to develop LP-10 for HC, we predict that LP-310 studies would be conducted initially as non-clinical,
in-vivo toxicology studies on male and female rats and dogs. At this time, no such studies have been conducted or are planned. 

LP-310 s
Addressable Market 

LP-310 is not currently approved for any indication; however, if clinical development is successful and
we receive marketing approval for LP-310, based upon the economics of existing oral cavity drug products, we project that the treatment
of OLP will cost approximately 4,000 annually per patient. Most OLP patients are treated by dentists, who are relatively accessible
compared to other medical specialists (in the United States there are approximately 200,000 dentists and ear, nose and throat physicians).
Currently, dentists routinely recommend and prescribe instill agents as oral rinses and the procedure is simple and easy to teach.
Given the absence of FDA approved treatment of OLP, we estimate revenue of approximately 4,000 per course of therapy, resulting
in a total addressable market that exceeds 980 million. These estimates are based on the prices of other brand intravesical products
as well as our preliminary estimates of the potential for reduction in medical expenditures associated with intractable cases. 

16 

LP-310 s
Regulatory Status 

On
April 8, 2021, we successfully completed a pre-IND meeting to confirm the specific IND manufacturing, analytical, toxicology requirements
for LP-310 as an oral rinse for the treatment of OLP. 

Facility 

We
have approximately 2,000 square feet of combined laboratory, office and warehouse space at our principal executive offices that
we use in our research and development efforts. The lease for our principal executive offices has a five-year term that ends on
May 31, 2024, and the lease provides us with an option to extend the term for an additional five years. 

We believe our Facility contains all of the various components necessary to support our research, and
it includes a current good manufacturing practices cGMP )-capable manufacturing capability with a dedicated pilot-scale
manufacturing. The space is divided into a production area and office space, with the production area subdivided into a clean space
(Class 10,000) and sterile space (Class 100 (ISO class 5) clean room). Our Facility includes a pre-fabricated soft-wall, 6 x10 
class-100 clean room for aseptic formulation. 

We maintain an internal LP-10 pilot manufacturing facility. We plan to file for an NDA utilizing the 505(b)(2)
regulatory pathway for LP-10, which, if approved, may rapidly increase our manufacturing compliance needs. Even if we are able
to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway strategy, however, there is no assurance that we will be successful developing and/or
commercializing LP-10 in a rapid or accelerated manner. 

We
are in a continuous process of complying with increasing regulatory requirements as the development of LP-10 progresses. Currently,
our manufacturing process primarily involves facility-dependent sterility protocols surrounding a five-step batch process. The
simplicity of our process provides a strong incentive to continue investing internally in manufacturing compliance. 

Compliance with stage-appropriate cGMPs is a prerequisite for FDA approval of a drug product for use in
a clinical trial. cGMP regulations increase as a product candidate enters each subsequent clinical trial phase and as the scope
of a proposed trial increases. Compliance with all cGMP regulations is a requirement for NDA approval and commercialization of
LP-10. We expect to increase the cGMP manufacturing capabilities at our Facility to ensure full-scale compliant production of LP-10. 

We
believe that our manufacturing program will be able to support any future clinical trials involving LP-10. We currently lease
industrial space used for cGMP manufacturing and analytical support. The space includes a non-porous epoxy floor, ideally suited
for sterile environments, such as those used in hospital surgical rooms and sterile processing facilities. We have completed initial
characterization and quality control release testing to confirm consistency of production of LP-10. Any applicable revised information
and data will be provided to the FDA as part of an amended Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls CMC section of
the IND application prior to and in conjunction with use in any subsequent clinical trial. 

Our
Analytical Laboratory, Equipment Supplies 

Our
current preparatory and biochemical/biophysical analysis capabilities include: ultra-centrifugation, high performance liquid chromatography HPLC differential scanning calorimetry DSC gas chromatography GC cross-polarization
microscopy; fluorescent microscopy; near-infra-red imaging; and particle size analysis. In addition to the analytical equipment
and sterile cleanroom, our Facility it contains a laminar flow hood for sterile procedures outside of the cleanroom, two Labconco
lyophylizers (each with a 50-vile capacity), multiple incubators, a laboratory oven, an autoclave, various mass balances, vortexes,
a heat stage for our optical microscope, various freezers and refrigerators, chemical and flammable storage cabinets, sterile
disposables (including clothing, materials and vials), and raw materials, including APIs and lipids. 

17 

Suppliers 

We
obtain our raw material supply of LP-10 from multiple vendors who have a drug master file with the FDA. It is supplied as a white,
lyophilized powder (a pre-liposomal lyophilate) formulated from sphingomyelin phospholipids, and tacrolimus. One vial of LP-10
drug product contains 80mg of tacrolimus and sphingomyelin (10 tacrolimus by weight) and is supplied to a clinic as a powder
to be reconstituted with sterile water for injection prior to instillation. Quality control samples from each batch would be submitted
for release testing according to established product specifications for identity and purity, residual solvent quantification,
sterility assurance, and bacterial endotoxins. 

Intellectual
Property 

Protection of our intellectual property is an important part of our business. On May 5, 2020, we were
issued U.S. patent number 10,639,278 (the 278 Patent from the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ),
which does not expire until July 11, 2035. On June 14, 2022, we were issued U.S. patent number 11,357,725 (the 725 Patent ),
which does not expire until November 9, 2034. Further, on May 28, 2020, we were issued one patent in Australia (No. 2014340137)
(the Australia Patent ), which does not expire until October 22, 2034. On August 23, 2022, we were issued on patent
in Canada (No. 2,927,356) (the Canadian Patent ), which does not expire until October 22, 2034. Each of the aforementioned
patents cover aspects of our Platform technology relating to uses for delivering hydrophobic therapeutic, prophylactic or diagnostic
agents to the body cavities, including LP-10 and LP-310, as well as methods of making formulations for delivering such hydrophobic
agents. We are also actively prosecuting corresponding utility patent applications in the U.S. and in Europe, the latter of which
has been allowed, but not yet granted. We intend to seek additional patent applications in the U.S. as well as in other jurisdictions,
such as Europe, for our other proprietary technologies relating to intravesical immunoglobulin delivery and any future discoveries
that we deem appropriate to protect. A U.S. patent application on the intravesical immunoglobulin delivery formulation is pending. 

In
addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how relating to our Platform technology and the product candidates we are
developing using our Platform to develop and maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect.
We intend to protect our proprietary technology and processes, and maintain ownership of certain technologies, in part, through
licenses as well as confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and commercial
partners. 

Government
Regulation Applicable to Our Business 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drug products, including liposomally delivered products, under the FDCA, the Public Health
Service Act (the PHSA ), and regulations and guidance implementing these laws. The FDCA, PHSA and their corresponding
regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, record keeping,
distribution, reporting, advertising and other promotional practices involving drug products. Applications to the FDA are required
before conducting human clinical testing of drug products. FDA approval also must be obtained before marketing of drug products.
The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign
statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources and we may not be able to obtain
the required regulatory approvals to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates, including LP-10. 

18 

U.S.
Drug Development Process 

The
FDA must approve a product candidate before it may be legally marketed in the United States. The process required by the FDA before
a drug product candidate may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion of preclinical laboratory tests and in vivo studies in accordance with the FDA s current
good laboratory practice GLP regulations and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or
other applicable regulations; 

submission to the
 FDA of an application for an IND exemption, which allows human clinical trials to begin unless FDA objects within 30 days; 

approval by an independent
 IRB reviewing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate
 and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA s current GCP regulations, and any additional requirements
 for the protection of human research subjects and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed
 drug product candidate for its intended use; 

preparation and
 submission to the FDA of an NDA for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity and potency from
 results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials; 

review of the product
 by an FDA advisory committee, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion
 of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug product candidate is produced to assess compliance
 with cGMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug product candidate s
 identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity; 

potential FDA audit
 of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

payment of user
 fees and FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the NDA. 
 
 Before
testing any drug product candidate in humans, including a liposomal intravesical product candidate, the product candidate must
undergo preclinical testing. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of product
chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as in vivo studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate
and to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and
requirements including GLPs. 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies usually must complete some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal studies of reproductive
adverse events and carcinogenicity, and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics
of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the drug in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The
manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things,
the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug product. Additionally,
appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate
does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

The
clinical trial sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data,
any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some preclinical testing
may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless
the FDA places the clinical trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding
concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA also may impose clinical holds on a drug product candidate at any time before
or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, trials may not recommence
without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. 

19 

Human
Clinical Trials Under an IND 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the drug product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified
investigators which generally are physicians not employed by, or under, the control of the trial sponsor. Clinical trials are
conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures,
subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that
assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol
must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless
before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to a proposed clinical trial and places the trial on clinical hold,
including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor
and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Accordingly, submission of an IND may or
may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance
with the FDA s regulations comprising the current GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research subjects
provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB at or servicing each institution
at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants
and considers items such as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable
in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by
each clinical trial subject, or their legal representative, reviews and approves the study protocol, and must monitor the clinical
trial until completed. 

U.S.
Review and Approval Processes 

The
results of the preclinical tests and clinical trials, together with detailed information relating to the product s CMC and
proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for
one or more indications. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, as amended PDUFA ), each NDA must be accompanied
by a significant user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in
certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally,
no user fees are assessed on NDAs for product candidates designated as orphan drugs unless the product candidate also includes
a non-orphan indication. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the FDA may designate a drug product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a
rare disease or condition (generally meaning that it affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than
200,000 individuals in the United States in cases in which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and
making a drug product available in the United States for treatment of the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of
the product). Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan
drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA.
 Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in the regulatory review and approval process, nor does it
shorten the duration of such process. 

If
a product with orphan drug status receives FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation,
the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, meaning that the FDA may not approve any other applications
to market the same drug product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of
clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if the party holding the exclusivity fails to
assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which
the drug was designated. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different drug products for the same indication for which
the orphan drug has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same drug product but for a different indication for which the orphan
drug has exclusivity. Orphan medicinal product status in the European Union has similar, but not identical, benefits. 

The
505(b)(2) NDA Regulatory Pathway 

Most
drug products obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to a full Section 505(b)(1) NDA or an aNDA. A third alternative is a Section
505(b)(2) NDA, which enables the applicant to rely, in part, on studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant and for which
the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use, such as the FDA s findings of safety and/or effectiveness for
a similar previously approved product, or published literature, in support of its application. For example, we anticipate referencing
relevant publicly available data, including the publicly disclosed FDA drug approval package for tacrolimus, in the preparation
and submission of our aNDA for LP-10 and LP-310. However, the FDA is responsible for ultimately determining if the Company may
utilize this pathway for LP-10 or any of our other product candidates and has presently not provided the Company with any indication
that it may use such pathway. There is no guarantee that the FDA will make such a determination with respect to LP-10 or any of
our other product candidates. 

20 

505(b)(2)
NDAs often provide a path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Section
505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted
by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish
that reliance on the FDA s previous approval is scientifically appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain
preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements
to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all, or some, of the label
indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2)
applicant. 

The
FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical
investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to
be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This
three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit
the FDA from approving aNDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay
the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a
right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate
safety and effectiveness. 

To
the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on studies conducted for an already approved product, the applicant
is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent
that an aNDA applicant would. Thus approval of a 505(b)(2) NDA can be stalled until all the listed patents claiming the referenced
product have expired, until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed
in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired, and, in the case of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent patent
infringement suit, until the earlier of 30 months, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable
to the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. 

Expedited
Development and Review Programs 

In
addition, the FDA is authorized to expedite the review of NDAs in several ways, including: 

Fast Track Designation 

To obtain Fast Track designation for a drug product candidate, the sponsor of such drug may request the
FDA to designate such drug for a specific indication concurrent with or after the filing of the related IND. Drug products are
eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential
to address unmet medical needs for the condition. We believe that LP-10, and the specific indication for which it is being studied,
meets the qualifications for Fast Track designation; however, the FDA is responsible for ultimately determining if LP-10 meets
such qualifications, and there is no guarantee that the FDA will make such a determination with respect to LP-10. In addition to
other benefits, such as the ability to have greater interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of certain sections
of a Fast Track NDA before the application is complete, a process known as a rolling review. Any drug product candidate
submitted to the FDA for marketing, including for Fast Track designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA designations intended
to expedite drug development and review, such as Breakthrough Therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval. Our
initial request to obtain Fast Track designation covering LP-10 in July 2021 was denied by the FDA in September 2021; however,
following the reporting of phase 2a clinical trial summary results in January 2023, we plan to submit a new request to the FDA
to obtain Fast Track designation covering LP-10. 

21 

Breakthrough Therapy Designation 

To
qualify for the FDA s Breakthrough Therapy designation, product candidates must be intended to treat a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence must indicate that such product candidates may demonstrate substantial
improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints compared to existing therapies. 

The FDA will seek to ensure that the sponsor of a breakthrough therapy product candidate receives intensive
guidance on an efficient drug development program, intensive involvement of senior managers and experienced staff on a proactive,
collaborative and cross-disciplinary review, and rolling review. We believe that LP-10, and the specific indication for which it
is being studied, meets the qualifications for Breakthrough Therapy designation, and we intend to apply for such status; however,
the FDA is responsible for ultimately determining if LP-10 meets such qualifications, and there is no guarantee that the FDA will
make such a determination with respect to LP-10. 

Accelerated Approval 

Drug
or drug products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide
meaningful therapeutic benefits over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval from the FDA. Accelerated approval means
that a product candidate may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the product
candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an
effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into
account the severity, rarity and prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition
of receipt of accelerated approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug product candidate requesting such approval perform
adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, the FDA currently requires, as a condition for accelerated
approval, pre-approval of promotional materials relating to such drug candidate. Given the availability of direct efficacy measures
in the case of LP-10 for HC, it is unlikely that a surrogate measurement would accelerate approval of LP-10. However, we remain
open to the possibility of discovering relevant surrogate measurements during the clinical development of LP-10 that would accelerate
the approval process. 

Fast
Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may
expedite the development or approval process. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Rigorous
and extensive FDA regulation of drug products continues after approval, particularly with respect to cGMP requirements. Manufacturers
are required to comply with applicable requirements in the cGMP regulations, including quality control, quality assurance and
maintenance of records and documentation. Other post-approval requirements applicable to drug products include reporting of cGMP
deviations that may affect the identity, potency, purity and overall safety of a distributed product; recordkeeping requirements;
reporting of adverse effects; reporting updated safety and efficacy information; and complying with electronic record and signature
requirements. After an NDA is approved, the product also may be subject to official lot release, which is a potential marketing
requirement related to manufacturing quality. If the product is subject to official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits
samples of each lot of product to the FDA, together with a release protocol, showing a summary of the manufacturing history of
the lot and the results of all tests performed on the lot. The FDA also may perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some
products before releasing the lots for distribution. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory
standards on the safety, purity, potency and effectiveness of drug products. A sponsor also must comply with the FDA s advertising
and promotion requirements, such as the prohibition on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described
in the product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ). 

Discovery
of previously unknown problems or the failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions
on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market, as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. In
addition, changes to the manufacturing process or facility generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other
types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further
FDA review and approval. 

22 

Although our primary market is in the United States, we plan to commercialize LP-10 and our other product
candidates in additional jurisdictions, including Europe, Canada, Mexico and Australia. Each of these jurisdictions may currently
have, and may in the future adopt, laws, directives and regulations, that could affect our plan to test, obtain approval of and
commercialize LP-10 and such other product candidates. We plan to develop an international regulatory strategy regarding such additional
jurisdictions in the United States. 

Our
Team and History 

Dr.
Jonathan Kaufman, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Michael Chancellor, our Chief Medical Officer, co-founded the Company in
2005. Prior to founding the Company, Dr. Kaufman was employed in the manufacturing division of Merck Co. Inc (NYSE: MRK),
and, subsequently, helped co-found Knopp Biosciences LLC, a privately held drug discovery and development company, and served
as chief financial officer of Semprus Biosciences Corp. (a biomedical company acquired by Teleflex Incorporated (NYSE: TFX)).
Dr. Chancellor has conducted more than 75 clinical trials and has consulted with numerous biotech companies developing urology
products. We believe that Drs. Kaufman and Chancellor have a complimentary skillset combining basic and clinical research experience
with entrepreneurial finance experience in the biotech sector. 

Our
Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are highly competitive. We are not aware of other existing
clinical programs addressing new products for HC or OLP. However, there are several pharmaceutical companies that are developing
intravesical technologies for other indications, including transitional cell carcinoma (which is a superficial, non-muscle invasive
form of bladder cancer). These companies and/or new entrants may potentially compete with LP-10, LP-310 and any other products
that we develop in the future that use novel delivery technologies. We intend to rely on the market exclusivity associated with
obtaining FDA orphan drug designation covering LP-10, as well as our issued U.S. patents, the 278 Patent and the
725 Patent, our issued Australian Patent, our issued Canadian Patent, and pending and future patent applications in order to maintain
our competitive advantages in this space. 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As of March 27, 2023, we had five full-time employees and two part-time employees. None of our employees
is subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a trade or labor union. We consider our relationship with our
employees to be good. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our
existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected
employees, advisors, consultants and directors through stock-based compensation awards. Also, we rely on cash-based performance
bonus awards to incentivize such individuals. 

Corporate
Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at 7800 Susquehanna Street, Suite 505, Pittsburgh, PA 15208
and include our Facility. Our telephone number is (412) 894-1853. We maintain an Internet website at www.lipella.com. The information
contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report. 

We
make available free of charge under the Investors section of our website all of our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to such documents, each of which is provided on our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file or furnish, as applicable, the information with the SEC. 

23 

Recent
Developments 

In January 2023, we concluded phase 2a clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of its drug
candidate LP-10 for hemorrhagic cystitis for LP-10 with top-line results. Our next step will be seeking regulatory guidance from
the FDA. The summary results of the trial demonstrated no serious adverse events, a relatively short duration of systemic uptake,
and decreased hematuria, cystoscopic bleeding and ulceration sites, resulting in improved patients urinary symptoms. We
expect to present the full results of the trial in the second quarter of 2023. 

On March 1, 2023, we announced the establishment of an Oral Health Scientific Advisory Board comprising
a group of highly respected professionals. These advisors will guide us on the further development of LP-310. 

On March 21, 2023, our board of directors appointed Mr. Daniel Cohen as a director and as a member of
the audit committee of our board of directors, replacing Dr. Kim on such committee. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth and Smaller Reporting Company 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS
Act ). An emerging growth company may take advantage of relief from certain reporting requirements and other burdens that
are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: 

reduced obligations
 with respect to financial data; 

an exception from
 compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act 

reduced disclosure
 about our executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 

exemptions from
 the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 
 
 We
may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years or such earlier time that we no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: 

the last day of
 the fiscal year on which we have 1.235 billion or more in annual revenue, 

the date on which
 we become a large accelerated filer (i.e., as of our fiscal year end, the total market value of our common equity
 securities held by non-affiliates is 700 million or more as of June 30), 

the date on which
 we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period, or 

the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial
public offering IPO ). 
 
 We
may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced reporting burdens. 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can take advantage of an extended transition period and delay adopting
new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this
extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which
adoption of such standards is required for private companies. If we were to subsequently elect instead to comply with public company
effective dates, such election would be irrevocable pursuant to the JOBS Act. 

Also,
we are a smaller reporting company (and may continue to qualify as such even after we no longer qualify as
an emerging growth company). For as long as we qualify as a smaller reporting company, we may provide reduced disclosure
in the public filings that we make with the SEC than larger public companies, such as the inclusion of only two years of
audited financial statements and only two years of management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations disclosure. 

As
a result of qualifying as an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, to the extent we take advantage of the allowable
reduced reporting burdens, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different than what you might receive from
other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. 

24 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business, financial condition and operating results are subject to a number of risk factors, both those that are known to us and
identified below and others that may arise from time to time. These risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those suggested by forward-looking statements in this Report and elsewhere, and may adversely affect our business, financial
condition or operating results. If any of these risk factors should occur, moreover, the trading price of our securities could
decline, and investors in our securities could lose all or part of their investment in our securities. These risk factors should
be carefully considered in evaluating our prospects. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

The
report of the independent registered public accounting firm on our 2022 and 2021 financial statements contains a going concern
qualification. 

The
report of the independent registered public accounting firm covering our financial statements for the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 stated that certain factors, including that we have suffered recurring losses from operations and have
an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022, raised substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Because
we are not yet producing sufficient revenue to sustain our operating costs, we are dependent upon raising capital to continue
our business. If we are unable to raise capital, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We
have incurred net losses since inception. We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain
profitability. 

There
are numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, and we are unable to accurately predict
the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 5,704,878, which includes a net loss of approximately 2,597,592 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared to an accumulated deficit of approximately 3,107,187, which includes a net loss of approximately 1,865,473 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Historically, we have financed our operations through a combination of grant revenue and equity financing,
however our goals for the foreseeable future will likely require significant equity financing. Our ability to achieve significant
profitability depends on our ability to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary
to commercialize, LP-10 and/or our other product candidates, which may not occur for several years, if ever. The net losses we
incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. 

If
we are required by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency EMA or other regulatory authorities to perform studies
in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in completing our clinical trials or the development of LP-10
and/or our other product candidates, our expenses could increase and revenue could be further delayed. We anticipate that
our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 

continue our research
 and the clinical development of LP-10; 

initiate additional
 clinical trials and preclinical studies for any additional product candidates that we may pursue in the future; 

prepare an NDA for filing with the FDA, a marketing authorization application, and approvals in certain
other countries; 

ramp-up our in-house commercial-scale cGMP manufacturing facility; 

manufacture material
 for clinical trials or potential commercial sales; 

further develop
 our product candidate portfolio; 

establish a sales,
 marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidate for which we may obtain marketing approval; 

25 

develop, maintain,
 expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and/or 

acquire or in-license
 other product candidates and technologies. 
 
 To
become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize one or more product candidates with significant
market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing the clinical
trials, developing and validating commercial scale manufacturing processes, obtaining marketing approval for this product candidate,
manufacturing, marketing and selling any future product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any
post-marketing requirements. If we were required to discontinue development of LP-10, if LP-10 does not receive regulatory approval,
if we do not obtain our targeted indication(s) for LP-10, or if LP-10 fails to achieve sufficient market acceptance for any indication,
we could be delayed by many years in our ability to achieve profitability. Our failure to become and remain profitable would
decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts,
expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause you to lose all or part
of your investment. 

We
will need to raise additional funding in order to receive approval for LP-10 or any other product candidate. Such funding may
not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit
or terminate certain of our product development efforts or other operations. 

To
complete the process of obtaining regulatory approval for LP-10 and to build the sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure
that we believe will be necessary to commercialize LP-10, if approved, we will require substantial additional funding. In addition,
if we obtain marketing approval for LP-10, we expect to incur significant expenses related to product sales, medical affairs,
marketing, manufacturing and distribution. We also anticipate that we will require substantial additional funding for LP-310
and product candidates that we decide to develop in the future. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the progress, timing, results and costs of any future trials for LP-10; 

the progress, timing
 and costs of manufacturing LP-10 for our planned pivotal clinical trials; 

the continued development
 and the filing on an IND application for other product candidates; 

the initiation,
 scope, progress, timing, costs and results of drug discovery, laboratory testing, manufacturing, preclinical studies and clinical
 trials for any other product candidates that we may pursue in the future, if any; 

the costs of building
 and maintaining our own commercial-scale cGMP manufacturing facilities, including costs of maintaining our Facility; 

the outcome, timing
 and costs of seeking regulatory approvals; 

the costs associated
 with the manufacturing process development and evaluation of third-party manufacturers; 

the costs of future
 activities, including product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, in the event we receive marketing
 approval for LP-10 or any other product candidates that we may develop; 

the extent to which
 the costs of our product candidates, if approved, will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar
 healthcare management organizations, or will be reimbursed by government authorities, private health coverage insurers and
 other third-party payors; 

the costs of commercialization
 activities for LP-10 and other product candidates if we receive marketing approval for LP-10 or any other product candidates
 we may develop, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, medical affairs, marketing, distribution and
 manufacturing capabilities; 

26 

subject to receipt
 of marketing approval, if any, revenue received from commercial sale of LP-10 or any of our other product candidates; 

the terms and timing
 of any future collaborations, licensing, consulting or other arrangements that we may establish; 

the amount and timing
 of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution,
 maintenance, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights, including milestone and royalty
 payments and patent prosecution fees that we are obligated to pay pursuant to our license agreements, if any; 

our ability to establish
 and maintain collaborations and licenses on favorable terms, if at all; and 

the extent to which
 we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 
 
 Identifying
potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain
process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval
and achieve product sales. Our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our product revenues, if any,
will be derived from or based on sales of product candidates that may not be commercially available for many years, if at all.
Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. Any additional fundraising
efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize
our product candidates. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders
and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market
price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities would dilute all our stockholders. The
incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and a portion of our operating cash flows, if any,
being dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive
covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license
intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business.
Furthermore, existing stockholders may not agree with our financing plans or the terms of such financings. Adequate additional
financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of additional financing may be impacted by, among
other things, general market conditions, and the market s perception of our product candidates. 

We
are currently supported by government grant awards, which may not be available to us in the future, and such grant awards are
subject to guidelines regulating our research. 

We
have received and intend to continue to seek funding under grant award programs, including a program funded by the National Institutes
of Health NIH ). To continue to fund a portion of our future research and development programs, we may also require
grant funding from similar governmental agencies in the future. However,
funding by the NIH or other governmental agencies may be significantly reduced or eliminated in the future for a number of reasons.
For example, some programs are subject to a yearly appropriations process overseen by the U.S. Congress. In addition, we may not
receive full funding under current or future grants because of budgeting constraints of the agency administering the program or
unsatisfactory progress on the study being funded. Therefore, we cannot provide any assurance that we will receive any future
grant funding from any government agencies, or, that if received, we will receive the full amount of the particular grant award.
Any such reductions could delay the development of our product candidates and the introduction of new products. 

Any
research conducted under such federal grants will subject us to federal regulation regarding how we conduct our research and we
will be obligated to abide by the agreement terms relating to those grants. There are also ethical guidelines promulgated by various
governments and research institutions that we are required to follow in respect of our research. These guidelines
are orientated towards research and experimentation involving humans and animals. Failure to follow the regulations, agreement
terms and accepted scientific practices would jeopardize our grants and our results and the use of the results in further research
and approval circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In
addition, any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations affecting such grant awards could harm our business and divert
our management s attention. 

27 

Our
ability to obtain reimbursement or funding for our programs from the federal government may be impacted by possible reductions
in federal spending. 

U.S.
federal government agencies currently face potentially significant spending reductions. The U.S. federal budget remains in flux,
however, which could, among other things, result in a cut to Medicare payments to providers and otherwise affect federal spending
on clinical and pre-clinical research and development. The Medicare program is frequently mentioned as a target for spending cuts.
The full impact on our business of any future cuts in Medicare or other programs is uncertain. In addition, we cannot predict
any impact which the actions of President Biden s administration and the U.S. Congress may have on the federal budget. If
federal spending is reduced, anticipated budgetary shortfalls may also impact the ability of relevant agencies, such as the FDA
or the NIH, to continue to function at current levels. Amounts allocated to federal grants and contracts may be reduced or eliminated.
These reductions may also impact the ability of relevant agencies to timely review and approve drug research and development,
manufacturing, and marketing activities, which may delay our ability to develop, market and sell any products we may develop. 

We
are substantially dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, LP-10. If we are unable to commercialize LP-10, or experience
significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Our
ability to generate product revenues, which may not occur for several years, if ever, currently depends heavily on the successful
development and commercialization of LP-10. The success of LP-10 will depend on a number of factors, including the following: 

successful completion of clinical development; 

receipt of marketing approvals from applicable
 regulatory authorities; 

establishing commercial manufacturing arrangements
 with third-party manufacturers; 

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret
 protection and regulatory exclusivity; 

protecting our rights in our intellectual property
 portfolio; 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution
 capabilities; 

launching commercial sales of LP-10, if and
 when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

acceptance of LP-10, if and when approved, by
 patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

effectively competing with other therapies;
 and 

maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile
 of LP-10 following approval. 
 
 If
we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability
to successfully commercialize LP-10, which would materially harm our business. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully
complete development of any product candidates, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial scale product, or arrange
for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. 

Assuming
we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we will need to transition our focus from research and development
to supporting commercial activities. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays and may not
be successful in such a transition. 

28 

We
are early in our efforts to develop LP-10 and LP-310. If we are unable to advance LP-10 or LP-310 through clinical trials, obtain
regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize such product candidates, or if we experience significant delays in doing so,
our business will be materially harmed. 

We are early in our development of LP-10, which recently completed its phase 2a clinical trial, as well
as in our development of LP-310, which is currently in pre-clinical development. The development and commercialization of LP-10
and LP-310 (or any other product candidate that we may develop) is subject to many uncertainties, including the following: 

successful enrollment
 and completion of clinical trials; 

positive results
 from our current and planned future clinical trials; 

receipt of regulatory
 approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

successful development
 of our internal manufacturing processes on an ongoing basis and maintenance of our potential future arrangements with third-party
 manufacturers for clinical supply; 

commercial launch
 of such product candidate, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 

acceptance of such
 product candidate, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors. 
 
 We
must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of each drug candidate for its intended indications.
Clinical trials are expensive, time consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be
conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing.
Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 

delays in reaching
 a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 

delays in opening
 sites and recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 

imposition of a
 clinical hold by regulatory authorities as a result of a serious adverse event or concerns with a class of drug candidates,
 or after an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites; 

suspension of our clinical trials if it is determined that we or our collaborators are failing to conduct
a trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, including the FDA s cGCP regulations; 

delays in having
 patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

occurrence of serious
 adverse events associated with the drug candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; or 

changes in regulatory
 requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols. 
 
 Additionally,
if the results of our clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or serious adverse events associated with
our drug candidates, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining
 marketing approval, if at all, or be required to conduct additional confirmatory safety and/or efficacy studies; 

obtain approval
 for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain approval
 with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 

be subject to additional
 post-marketing testing requirements; 

be required to perform
 additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

29 

have regulatory
 authorities withdraw, or suspend, their approval of the drug or impose restrictions on its distribution; 

be subject to the
 addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 

be sued; or 

experience damage
 to our reputation. 
 
 In
addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to LP-10, LP-310 or any of our other product candidates, we may need
to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidate to earlier versions. If we elect, or are required, to delay,
suspend, or terminate any clinical trial of LP-10, or any of our product candidates at such stage, it could shorten any periods
during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize LP-10 or such other product candidate or allow our competitors to
bring products to market before we do, which could limit our potential revenue or impair our ability to successfully commercialize
LP-10 now, or such other product candidate in the future, and may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. Any such significant changes, delays, setbacks or failures we experience, including our inability to obtain regulatory
approval for or successfully commercialize LP-10, would materially harm business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

We are heavily
dependent on the success of our product candidates, which are in the early stages of clinical development. Although we have reported
positive results from our phase 2a clinical trial for LP-10, we cannot give any assurance that our trial results are indicative
of success for future trials or commercialization. 

We have reported
positive top-line results from our recently completed phase 2a clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of LP-10. The
top-line results from such clinical trial does not indicate or guarantee the future success for future clinical trials or for commercialization
for commercialization of LP-10 or any of our other products. There can be no assurance that the data from such trial for LP-10
or any future trial for LP-10 or any of our other product candidates in our planned indications will be sufficiently supportive
to rely on Fast Track designation or to obtain regulatory approval for such products. If our data is not supportive of, or the
FDA will not allow us to apply for, Fast Track designation of LP-10 or such other products, we cannot predict when, if
ever, we will be able to seek the FDA approval for LP-10 or such other products. 

In addition, none
of our product candidates have advanced into a pivotal clinical trial for our proposed indications, and it may be years before
any such clinical trial is initiated and completed, if at all. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates
before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such
regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we
may not be able to continue our operations. 

Even
if we complete the necessary clinical trials for LP-10 or for any of our other product candidates in the future, such as LP-310,
we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize LP-10 or such other product candidates, and
the approval may be for a narrower indication than we seek. 

We
cannot commercialize a product candidate until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved such product
candidate. Even if LP-10 meets the applicable safety and efficacy standards in clinical trials, the regulatory authorities may
not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for LP-10. Additional
delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval
for LP-10. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation
or administrative action, or changes in regulatory authority policy during the period of LP-10 s product development, clinical
trials and the review process. Similar issues could arise with respect to LP-310 in the event it enters the clinical trial
phase, as well as any of our other product candidates developed in the future. 

Regulatory authorities
also may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in
the form of narrow indications, warnings or a post-approval safety monitoring program. These regulatory authorities may require
precautions or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use or they may grant approval subject to the performance of costly
post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary
or desirable for the successful commercialization of LP-10 or another product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could
materially harm the commercial prospects for LP-10 or our other product candidates and materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

LP-10
may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent its regulatory approval, limit its commercial
potential, or result in significant negative consequences following any potential marketing approval. 

In
addition to side effects caused by LP-10, the administration process or related procedures also can cause adverse side effects.
If in the future we are unable to demonstrate that such adverse events were caused by the administration process or related procedures,
the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of, or deny approval of, LP-10 for
any or all targeted indications. Even if we can demonstrate that any serious adverse events are not product-related, such occurrences
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete our clinical trials. Any of these occurrences
may harm our ability to develop other product candidates, and may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 

30 

Additionally,
if LP-10 receives marketing approval, the FDA could require us to adopt a post-approval safety monitoring program to
ensure that the benefits outweigh its risks, which may include, among other things, a medication guide outlining the risks of
the product for distribution to patients and a communication plan to health care practitioners. Furthermore, if we or others later
identify undesirable side effects caused by LP-10, several potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities
 may suspend or withdraw approvals of such product candidate; 

regulatory authorities
 may require additional warnings on the label; 

we may be required
 to change the way a product candidate is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; 

we could be sued
 and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our reputation may
 suffer. 
 
 Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of LP-10 and could significantly harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
pipeline of products, including LP-10 and LP-310, are each based on novel technology, which makes it difficult to predict the
time and cost of development and of subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. 

The
regulatory approval process and clinical trial requirements of the FDA, EMA and other regulatory authorities for novel product
candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or more extensively studied product
candidates. It is difficult to determine how long it will take or how much it will cost to obtain regulatory approvals for our
product candidates in either the United States or the European Union or how long it will take to commercialize our product candidates.
Approvals by the European Commission may not be indicative of what the FDA may require for approval. 

Regulatory
requirements governing drug and biologic products have changed frequently and may continue to change in the future. In addition,
adverse developments in clinical trials of similar drug and biologic products conducted by others may cause the FDA or other oversight
bodies to change the requirements for approval of our product candidates. Similarly, the EMA may issue new guidelines concerning
the development and marketing authorization for gene therapy medicinal products and require that we comply with these new guidelines. 

These
regulatory review committees and advisory groups and the new guidelines they promulgate may lengthen the regulatory review process,
require us to perform additional studies, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations,
delay or prevent approval and commercialization of any product candidate or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions.
As we advance our product candidates, we will be required to consult with these regulatory and advisory groups and comply with
applicable guidelines. If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or discontinue development of any product candidate. These
additional processes may result in a review and approval process that is longer than we otherwise would have expected. Delay or
failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring a potential product to market
could decrease our ability to generate sufficient product revenue, and our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, each approved product candidate will remain subject to regulatory oversight. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, each approved product candidate will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping and submission
of safety and other post-market information. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for any product candidate may also be subject
to a post-approval safety monitoring program or limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed
or to the conditions of approval or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including phase 4 clinical
trials, and surveillance to monitor the quality, safety and efficacy of the product. 

31 

In
addition, product manufacturers and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections
by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP requirements and adherence to commitments made in the NDA
or foreign marketing application. If we, or a regulatory authority, discover previously unknown problems with a product, such
as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured or disagrees
with the promotion, marketing or labeling of that product, a regulatory authority may impose restrictions relative to that product,
the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. 

If
we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of any of our product candidates, a regulatory authority
may: 

issue a warning
 letter asserting that we are in violation of the law; 

seek an injunction
 or impose administrative, civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspend or withdraw
 regulatory approval; 

suspend any ongoing
 clinical trials; 

refuse to approve
 a pending NDA or comparable foreign marketing application (or any supplements thereto) submitted by us or our strategic partners; 

restrict the marketing
 or manufacturing of the product; 

seize or detain
 the product or otherwise require the withdrawal of the product from the market; 

refuse to permit
 the import or export of product candidates; or 

refuse to allow
 us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. 
 
 Any
government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and
could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize
any of our product candidates and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The
FDA s policies, and those of equivalent foreign regulatory agencies, may change and additional government regulations may
be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United
States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or
policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Even
if we obtain and maintain approval for our product candidates from the FDA, we may never obtain approval for them outside of the
United States, which could limit our market opportunities and adversely affect our business. 

Approval
of a product candidate in the United States by the FDA does not ensure approval of such product candidate by regulatory authorities
in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities
in other foreign countries or by the FDA. Approval, marketing and sales of any of our product candidates outside of the United
States will be subject to the regulatory requirements governing clinical trials and marketing approval in those countries. Approval
procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and more onerous
than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical trials in one country
may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. Regulatory approval for any of our product candidates may be
withdrawn. In many countries outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it
can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our product candidates, if approved,
is also subject to approval. 

32 

For
example, we intend to submit a marketing authorization application to the EMA for approval of LP-10 in the European Union, but
obtaining such approval from the European Commission following the opinion of the EMA is a lengthy and expensive process. Even
if LP-10 is approved, the FDA or the European Commission, as the case may be, may limit the indications for which the product
may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming additional clinical
trials or reporting as conditions of approval. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements
could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our product candidates
in certain countries. 

If
we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market
potential of any of our product candidates will be harmed and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
will be adversely affected. 

While
we have obtained orphan drug designation covering LP-10 from the FDA, such designation may not effectively provide
us with exclusive marketing rights for LP-10, and we may be unable to obtain orphan drug designation covering any
of our other product candidates. If our competitors are able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity before us covering
products that constitute the same drug and treat the same indications as our product candidates, we may not be able to have competing
products approved by the applicable regulatory authority for a significant period of time. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the FDA may designate a product candidate as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat
a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as having a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the
United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that
the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. 

Generally,
if a product candidate with an orphan drug designation receives the first marketing approval for the indication
for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA from
approving another marketing application for a product that constitutes the same drug treating the same indication for that marketing
exclusivity period, except in limited circumstances. If another sponsor receives such approval before we do (regardless of our
 orphan drug designation), we will be precluded from receiving marketing approval for our product for the applicable
exclusivity period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States, however even after an orphan drug is approved,
the FDA may subsequently approve another drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the latter drug is not the
same drug or is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care.
In the EU, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same orphan indication if: 

the second applicant
 can establish in its application that its medicinal product, although like the orphan medicinal product already authorized,
 is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; 

the holder of the
 marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application;
 or 

the holder of the
 marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply enough quantities of orphan medicinal product. 
 
 On
July 6, 2012, the FDA granted orphan drug designation covering LP-10 (or any other formulation of tacrolimus) for
the treatment of HC and we may seek orphan drug designation from the FDA covering our future product candidates. 

33 

Even
though we have obtained such orphan drug designation, providing us with exclusivity for LP-10, such exclusivity
may not effectively protect the product candidate from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. 

If
the FDA does not conclude that LP-10 or any of our other product candidates satisfy the requirements for the 505(b)(2) regulatory
approval pathway, or if the requirements for approval of such product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect,
the approval pathway for such product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and encounter
significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in any case may not be successful. 

We intend to seek FDA approval through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for LP-10 and certain of our other
product candidates, although we have not received any indication from the FDA that the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway will be available
for LP-10 or any of our other product candidates. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known
as the Hatch-Waxman Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some
of the information required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant. We anticipate referencing
relevant publicly available data, including the publicly disclosed FDA drug approval package for tacrolimus, in the preparation
and submission of our aNDA for LP-10. 

If
the FDA does not allow us to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for our product candidates as anticipated, we may need
to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information and meet additional standards for regulatory approval.
If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for our product candidates would likely
substantially increase. Moreover, the inability to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could result in new competitive
products reaching the market faster than our product candidates, which could materially adversely impact our competitive position
and prospects. Even if we are permitted to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for a product candidate, we cannot assure
you that we will receive the requisite or timely approvals for commercialization of such product candidate. 

In
addition, notwithstanding the approval of a number of products by the FDA under Section 505(b)(2) over the last few years, certain
competitors and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). We expect that our competitors could
file citizens petitions with the FDA in an attempt to persuade the FDA that our product candidates, or the clinical studies
that support their approval, contain deficiencies. If the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) is successfully challenged,
the FDA may be required to change its Section 505(b)(2) policies and practices, which could delay or even prevent the FDA from
approving any NDA that we submit under Section 505(b)(2). 

FDA
designations to expedite drug development and review, including orphan drug designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation,
and/or Fast Track designation, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development, regulatory
review or approval process and do not increase the likelihood that any of our product candidates will receive marketing approval
in the United States. 

We
have received orphan drug designation covering LP-10 from the FDA, but there is no assurance that any of our other
product candidates will receive a similar designation from the FDA or that we will receive Breakthrough Therapy or Fast Track
designations covering any of our product candidates (including LP-10) from the FDA. Our initial request to obtain Fast Track designation
covering LP-10 in July 2021 was denied by the FDA in September 2021; however we plan to submit a new request to the FDA to obtain
Fast Track designation covering LP-10 in future communications with the agency. Further, even if we do receive favorable designations
from the FDA, the receipt of any of these designations covering any of our product candidates may not result in a faster development
process, review or approval of such product candidates compared to products considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures
and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. 

34 

If
we are not successful in discovering, developing and commercializing additional product candidates, our ability to expand our
business and achieve our strategic objectives would be impaired. 

Although
we focus a substantial amount of our efforts on the potential approval of LP-10, a key component of our strategy is to discover,
develop and potentially commercialize a portfolio of other product candidates, including LP-310, to treat orphan diseases and
ultimately, non-orphan diseases. Identifying new product candidates requires substantial technical, financial and human resources,
whether any product candidates are ultimately identified. Even if we identify product candidates that initially show promise,
we may fail to successfully develop and commercialize such product candidates for many reasons, including the following: 

the research methodology
 used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; 

competitors may
 develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete; 

product candidates
 we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; 

a product candidate
 may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective
 or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

a product candidate
 may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 

a product candidate
 may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors. 
 
 As
we have limited resources, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with certain programs or product candidates or for
indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our spending on current and future research and development
programs may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential for a particular
product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through strategic collaboration, licensing or other
arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights
to such product candidate. Alternatively, we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which
it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 

If
any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts with respect to a particular product candidate
or fail to develop a potentially successful product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may achieve
regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may adversely affect our
financial condition and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates, including LP-10. 

Many
of our potential competitors, alone or with their strategic partners, have substantially greater financial, technical and other
resources, such as larger research and development, clinical, marketing and manufacturing organizations. Mergers and acquisitions
in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number
of competitors. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if competitors develop and commercialize products that
are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any product
candidate that we may develop. Also, competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly or
earlier than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before
we are able to enter the market. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our product candidates, including,
in particular, LP-10, uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates, generally, and
LP-10, specifically, against competitors. 

In
addition, as a result of the expiration or successful challenge of our patent rights, we could face more competition from our
competitors products. The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are
able to charge, for any product candidate that we may develop and commercialize. 

35 

Risks
Related to Manufacturing 

Delays
in obtaining regulatory approvals of the process and facilities needed to manufacture any of our product candidates, including
LP-10, or disruptions in our manufacturing process may delay or disrupt our product development and commercialization efforts. 

Before
we can begin to commercially manufacture any of our product candidates, including LP-10, in a manufacturing facility, whether
in a third-party facility or in a facility that we maintain and operate, the facility must pass a pre-approval inspection by the
FDA, and a manufacturing authorization must be obtained from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The timeframe required to
obtain such approvals is uncertain. In order to obtain approval, we will need to ensure that all our processes, methods and equipment
are compliant with cGMP and perform extensive audits of vendors, contract laboratories and suppliers. If any of our vendors, contract
laboratories or suppliers is found to be out of compliance with cGMP, we may experience delays or disruptions in manufacturing
while we work with these third parties to remedy the violation or while we work to identify suitable replacement vendors. The
cGMP requirements govern quality control of the manufacturing process and documentation policies and procedures. In complying
with cGMP, we will be obligated to expend time, money and effort in production, record keeping and quality control to assure that
the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be
subject to possible regulatory action and may not be permitted to sell any product candidate that we may develop. 

In
addition, the manufacturing process used to produce our product candidates is complex, novel and has not been validated for commercial
use. In order to produce enough quantities of our product candidates for future clinical trials and initial U.S. commercial demand,
we will need to increase the scale of our manufacturing process. The production of our product candidates requires processing
steps that are more complex than those required for most chemical pharmaceuticals. We employ multiple steps to control our manufacturing
process to assure that the process works and that each of our products candidates will be, and LP-10 is, made strictly and consistently
in compliance with the process. Problems with the manufacturing process, even minor deviations from the normal process, could
result in product defects or manufacturing failures that result in lot failures, product recalls, product liability claims or
insufficient inventory. We may encounter problems achieving adequate quantities and quality of clinical-grade materials that meet
FDA, EMA or other applicable standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yields and costs. 

Although
we have established our Facility, we may need to utilize third parties to conduct our product manufacturing for the near future.
Therefore, we are subject to the risk that these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 

Even
if we obtain the validation from the FDA of our Facility, we intend to maintain third-party manufacturing capabilities in order
to provide multiple sources of supply. In the event that these third-party manufacturers do not successfully carry out their contractual
duties, meet expected deadlines or manufacture LP-10 in accordance with regulatory requirements, or if there are disagreements
between us and these third-party manufacturers, we will not be able to complete, or may be delayed in completing, the preclinical
studies required to support future IND submissions of other product candidates or the clinical trials required for approval of
LP-10. In such instances, we may need to locate an appropriate replacement third-party relationship, which may not be readily
available or on the same economic terms, which would cause additional delay or increased expense prior to the approval of LP-10
and would thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If
we or our third-party manufacturer fails to comply with applicable cGMP regulations, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities
can impose regulatory sanctions including, among other things, refusal to approve a pending application for a new product candidate
or suspension or revocation of a pre-existing approval. Such an occurrence may cause our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects to be materially harmed. 

Any
contamination in our manufacturing process, shortages of raw materials or failure of any of our key suppliers to deliver necessary
components could result in delays in our clinical development or marketing schedules. 

Given
the nature of sterile product manufacturing, there is a risk of contamination. Any contamination could materially adversely affect
our ability to produce any of our product candidates, including LP-10, on schedule and could, therefore, harm our results of operations
and cause reputational damage. 

36 

Some
of the raw materials required in our manufacturing process are derived from biologic sources. Such raw materials are difficult
to procure and may be subject to contamination or recall. A material shortage, contamination, recall or restriction on the
use of biologically derived substances in the manufacture of any of our product candidates, including LP-10, could adversely impact
or disrupt the commercial manufacturing or the production of clinical material, which could materially and adversely affect
our development timelines and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Risks
Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

If
we are unable to expand our market development capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our
product candidates, we may be unable to generate any product revenue. 

We
currently have a small market development organization. To successfully commercialize LP-10, if approved, and any other products
that may result from our development programs, we plan to expand our capabilities to promote market access and build awareness,
either on our own or with a third party. The development of our own market development team will be expensive and time-consuming
and could delay any product launch. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully develop this capability.
We may enter into collaboration agreements regarding any of our product candidates with third parties to utilize their established
marketing and distribution capabilities, but we may be unable to enter into such agreements on favorable terms, if at all. If
any future collaborators do not commit sufficient resources to commercialize our products, or we are unable to develop the necessary
capabilities on our own, we will be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain our business. We compete with many
companies that currently have extensive, experienced and well-funded medical affairs, marketing and sales operations to recruit,
hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with
the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform
marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 

Our
efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant
resources and may never be successful. Such efforts may require more resources than are typically required due to the complexity
and uniqueness of our potential products. If any of our product candidates is approved but fails to achieve market acceptance
among physicians, patients or third-party payors, we will not be able to generate significant revenues from such product, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If
the market opportunities for LP-10 are smaller than we believe they are, our product revenues may be adversely impacted, and our
business may suffer. 

We
are currently focusing our research and product development efforts on LP-10 for HC. Our understanding of both the number of people
who have this disease, as well as the subset of people with this disease who have the potential to benefit from treatment with
LP-10, are based on estimates in published literature. These estimates may prove to be incorrect and new studies may reduce the
estimated incidence or prevalence of this disease. The number of patients in the United States, the EU and elsewhere may turn
out to be lower than expected or these patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with LP-10 or may become increasingly
difficult to identify and access, all of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Further,
there are several factors that could contribute to making the actual number of patients who receive LP-10 less than the potentially
addressable market. These include the lack of widespread availability of, and limited reimbursement for, new therapies in many
underdeveloped markets. 

Government
price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for any of our product
candidates that may be approved in the future, including LP-10, which would adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

We
expect that coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceutical costs may be increasingly restricted both in the United States and abroad.
The escalating cost of health care has led to increased pressure on the health care industry to reduce costs. Drug pricing by
pharmaceutical companies recently has come under increased scrutiny and continues to be subject to intense political and public
debate in the United States and abroad. Government and private third-party payors have proposed health care reforms and cost reductions.
A number of federal and state proposals to control the cost of health care, including the cost of drug treatments, have been made
in the United States. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to,
among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient
programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. In some international markets, the government controls
the pricing, which can affect the profitability of drugs. Current government regulations and possible future legislation regarding
health care may affect coverage and reimbursement for medical treatment by third-party payors, which may render our product candidates,
if approved, not commercially viable or may adversely affect our anticipated future revenues and gross margins. 

37 

We
cannot predict the extent to which our business may be affected by these or other potential future legislative or regulatory developments.
However, future price controls or other changes in pricing regulation or negative publicity related to the pricing of pharmaceutical
drugs generally could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our future products, which would adversely affect our
anticipated revenue and results of operations. 

The
insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage
and reimbursement for our products, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to
generate product revenue. 

We
expect that coverage and reimbursement by government and private payors will be essential for most patients to be able to afford
any of our product candidates that receive approval. Accordingly, sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both
domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed
care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or will be reimbursed by government authorities, private
health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon several
factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 

a covered benefit
 under its health plan; 

safe, effective
 and medically necessary; 

appropriate for
 the specific patient; 

cost-effective;
 and 

neither experimental
 nor investigational. 
 
 Obtaining
coverage and reimbursement for a product from third-party payors is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us
to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data. We may not be able to provide data sufficient
to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or are available
only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided,
the approved reimbursement amount may not be adequate to realize a sufficient return on our investment. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to third-party coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States,
third-party payors, including government payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining
the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered and reimbursed. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are
used as models for how private payors and government payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies. 

Outside
the United States, international operations generally are subject to extensive government price controls and other market
regulations and increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in the European Union, Canada and other countries may put
pricing pressure on us. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms
as part of national health systems. It also can take a significant amount of time after approval of a product to secure pricing
and reimbursement for such product in many counties outside the United States. In general, the prices of medicines under
such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medical
products but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation
could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States,
the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially
reasonable product revenues. 

38 

Moreover,
increasing efforts by government and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may
cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they
may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. Payors increasingly are considering new metrics as the basis
for reimbursement rates, such as average sales price, average manufacturer price, and actual acquisition cost. Therefore,
it may be difficult to project the impact of these evolving reimbursement metrics on the willingness of payors to cover candidate
products that we or our partners are able to commercialize. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale
of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations
and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and
surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the
entry of new products such as ours. 

Healthcare
legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes
and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates,
restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain
marketing approval. 

For
example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act (collectively, the PPACA ), was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the
government and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,
which have resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills designed to, among other things,
bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform
government program reimbursement methodologies for products. In addition, the United States government, state legislatures, and
foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs, including price-controls, restrictions
on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs to limit the growth of government
paid health care costs. For example, the United States government has passed legislation allowing the federal government to negotiate
prices for some drugs covered under Medicare and requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide rebates and discounts to certain
entities and governmental payors to participate in federal healthcare programs. Further, Congress and the current administration
have each indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. Individual
states in the United States have also been increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical
product pricing. 

Any
reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private
payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms, including those governing enrollment in federal
healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, fraud and abuse enforcement, and expansion of new programs could result in reduced
demand for our product candidates, including LP-10, and may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability,
or commercialize our products. 

39 

We
may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws and health
information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial
penalties. 

If
we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates, including LP-10, and begin the process of commercialization in the United
States, our operations will be directly, or indirectly through our prescribers, customers and purchasers, subject to various federal
and state fraud and abuse laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, federal civil
and criminal false claims laws and the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations. These laws will impact, among other things,
our proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy laws by both the federal
government and the states in which we conduct our business as well as other jurisdictions. The laws that will affect our operations
include, but are not limited to: 

the federal Anti-Kickback
 Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering
 or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash
 or in kind, in return for the purchase, recommendation, leasing or furnishing of an item or service reimbursable under a federal
 healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements
 between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. The
 PPACA amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute to clarify that a person or entity does not have
 to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it; 

federal civil and
 criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from
 knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid or other government
 payors that are false or fraudulent. The PPACA provides that a claim for items or services resulting from an Anti-Kickback
 Statute violation is a false claim under the federal False Claims Act. Cases against pharmaceutical manufacturers support
 the view that certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may implicate the False Claims Act; 

the federal Health
 Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which created new federal criminal statutes that
 prohibit a person from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or from making false or fraudulent statements to defraud
 any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private); 

HIPAA, as amended
 by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and its implementing regulations,
 and as amended again by the final HIPAA omnibus rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement, and Breach
 Notification Rules under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; 

other modifications
 to HIPAA, which imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable
 health information without appropriate authorization by entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, health care clearinghouses
 and health care providers; 

federal transparency
 laws, including the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, that require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics
 and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program,
 with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related
 to: (i) payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals and (ii) ownership and
 investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

state and foreign
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related
 to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and state
 laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other
 in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts in certain circumstances, such
 as specific disease states; and 

state and foreign
 laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other
 in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

40 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some
of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in
violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties,
including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such
as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect
our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

Efforts
to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve
substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with
current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations.
If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us,
we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion of products
from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 

The
risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted
by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against
us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses
and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need
to build and maintain a robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting
requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 

Risks
Related to Our Operations 

If
we are unable to manage expected growth in the scale and complexity of our operations, our performance may suffer. 

If
we are successful in executing our business strategy, we will need to expand our managerial, operational, financial and other
systems and resources to manage our operations, continue our research and development activities and, in the longer term, build
a commercial infrastructure to support commercialization of any of our product candidates that are approved for sale. Future growth
would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management. It is likely that our management, finance, development
personnel, systems and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively
manage our operations, growth and product candidates requires that we continue to develop more robust business processes and improve
our systems and procedures in each of these areas. We may be unable to successfully implement these tasks on a larger scale and,
accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and growth goals. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain key employees and scientific advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel. 

The
success of the Company is highly dependent upon certain key management and technical personnel, the loss of whose services may
a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and the achievement of our
objectives. Dr. Chancellor, our Chief Medical Officer and a director, and Dr. Kaufman, our Chief Executive Officer and a director,
have played key roles in the founding, management, technology development and/or promotion of the Company. There can be no assurance
that either of these persons will remain with the Company in the future due to circumstances either within or outside of their
control. Additionally, our employees and scientific advisors are at-will employees and consultants, and the loss of one or more
of them might impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives. 

Recruiting
and retaining other qualified employees and scientific advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel,
also will be critical to our success. The Company currently does not hold key man insurance on the lives of its executives; even
if the Company does seek to obtain such insurance, there is no assurance as to the availability of such insurance or the cost
thereof if such insurance is available, or the ability to find a qualified replacement for its executives. In addition, failure
to succeed in preclinical or clinical trials or applications for marketing approval may make it more challenging to recruit and
retain qualified personnel. Further development of the Company s products will require additional personnel, particularly
qualified scientific and technical personnel. The Company currently has limited personnel and other resources. The success of
the Company will be dependent on attracting and retaining key employees, including management. The inability to recruit, or loss
of services of certain executives, key employees or advisors may impede the progress of our research, development and commercialization
objectives and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

41 

Our
employees, principal investigators and advisors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance
with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We
are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators and advisors. Principal investigators
are physicians who we utilize to lead the conduct of our clinical trials and assist us with the development of our drug product
candidates, including LP-10. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or
the regulations applicable in the EU and other jurisdictions, provide accurate information to the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory
authorities, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information
or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. Sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry
are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive
practices. These laws and regulations restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales
commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct also could involve the improper use of
information obtained in the course of clinical trials or interactions with the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which could
result in criminal and civil penalties or sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify
and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling
unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from government investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming
from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful
in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects, including the imposition of significant fines, criminal penalties, or other sanctions. 

In
addition, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time
and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these
relationships to the FDA. The FDA may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created
a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the trial. The FDA may therefore question the integrity of the
data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could
result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA and may ultimately lead to the denial of
marketing approval of our current and future drug candidates. 

If
we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or
incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

We
are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures
and the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, manufacture, transportation and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous
materials and wastes, as well as laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety. Our operations involve the use
of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biologic materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste
products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk
of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials,
we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. Also, we could incur significant
costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance
coverage, and our property, casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines
arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we
could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory
approvals could be suspended. 

42 

Although
we maintain workers compensation insurance for certain costs and expenses, we may incur due to injuries to our employees
resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage
against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection
with our storage or disposal of biologic, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

Also,
we may incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which have
tended to become more stringent over time. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or
production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other
sanctions or liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, including the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, may materially and adversely
affect our business and our financial results and could cause a disruption to the development of our product candidates. 

Public
health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve,
and to date has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, travel restrictions
and other public health safety measures. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our operations or those
of our third-party partners, including our clinical trial operations, depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the adverse impacts of potential resurgences, Omicron variants or the emergence
of new COVID-19 variants, the duration of the pandemic, new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 s severity and
actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact. 

The
continued spread of COVID-19 globally could adversely impact our preclinical or clinical trial operations, including our ability
to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure
to COVID-19. COVID-19 may also affect employees of third-party contract research organizations CROs located in
geographies where we carry out our clinical trials. 

In
addition, the patient populations that our core product candidates target may be particularly susceptible to COVID-19 or other
pandemics, epidemics or adverse public health developments, which may make it more difficult for us to identify patients able
to enroll in our future clinical trials and may impact the ability of enrolled patients to complete any such trials. Any negative
impact that COVID-19 has or such other adverse public health development may have on patient enrollment or the treatment or execution
of our product candidates could cause costly delays to clinical trial activities, which could adversely affect our ability to
obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, could materially increase our operating expenses and
could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Unfavorable
global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including
conditions that are outside of our control, such as the continuing uncertainty regarding the duration and scope of the COVID-19
pandemic, including as a result of potential resurgences, Omicron variants or the emergence of new COVID-19 variants, global supply
chain disruptions, inflation in the United States and the foreign and domestic government sanctions imposed on Russia as a result
of its invasion of Ukraine. There continues to be volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, and a severe or
prolonged economic downturn, including, but not limited to as a result of such events, could result in a variety of risks to our
business, such as weakened demand for our product candidates and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable
terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause delays
in payments for our services by third-party payors or our collaborators. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot
anticipate all the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

43 

Our
internal computer systems, or those of our collaborators or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches,
which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. 

We
receive, process, store, and transmit, often electronically, confidential data of others, which increase cyber-security risks.
Our internal computer systems and those of our current and any future collaborators and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable
to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures,
and we are also subject to occurrences of theft, improper disclosure of confidential information and the deletion or modification
of records. While we have not experienced any such material system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event
were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs
and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions.
For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory
approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security
breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary
information, we could incur civil or criminal penalties, be exposed to liabilities, our reputation or competitive position could
be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. 

Our
business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

Natural
disasters could severely disrupt our operations or the operations of manufacturing facilities and have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event
occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure,
such as manufacturing facilities, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible
for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans that we
have in place currently are limited and may not prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. Substantially
all our current supply of LP-10 is located at our Facility. We are in the early stages
of constructing an additional manufacturing facility and establishing a relationship with a third-party contract manufacturer
as a back-up supplier for the commercial supply of our products, if necessary, but there is no assurance that we will establish
such a relationship in a timely manner, on acceptable terms, or at all. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of
the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that
we may develop. 

Our
business exposes us to significant potential product liability risks that are inherent in the development, manufacturing, marketing
and sale of human device and drug products. Product liability claims could delay or prevent completion of its development programs,
clinical or otherwise. If we succeed in marketing and selling products, such claims could result in a recall of any products or
a limitation or other change in the indications for which they may be used. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against
claims that our product candidates or drugs caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual
outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand
 for any product candidates or drugs that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation
 and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical
 trial participants; 

significant costs
 to defend the related litigation; 

substantial monetary
 awards paid to trial participants or patients; 

loss of revenue; 

reduced resources
 of our management to pursue our business strategy; and 

the inability to
 commercialize any products that we may develop. 

44 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate U.S. and foreign patent protection for our product candidates, including LP-10,
LP-310, and any future product candidates that we may develop, and/or our Platform, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained
is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technologies similar or identical to ours,
and our ability to successfully commercialize such products and technologies may be adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United
States and other countries with respect to LP-10, additional product candidates in our product pipeline, current and future innovations
related to our Platform, and our institutional knowledge. The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex;
we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, and/or enforce all necessary or desirable patent applications and issued patents
at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We currently have the 278 Patent, the 725 Patent, the Australia Patent and the Canadian
Patent, covering aspects of our Platform technology and its uses in delivering hydrophobic therapeutic, prophylactic or diagnostic
agents to body cavities, as well as methods of making formulations for delivering such hydrophobic agents. We also have a corresponding
patent application pending in the U.S. (U.S.S.N. 17/829,960) and a corresponding allowed patent application pending in the European
Patent Office. The Australian Patent and the Canadian Patent each expire on October 22, 2034. We also have a pending U.S. patent
application on an improvement to the technology. 

It is possible that none of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents in a timely
fashion or at all, and even if we are granted the patents that we are currently pursuing in foreign jurisdictions, the patents
may not be issued in a form that will provide us with the full scope of protection that we desire, they may not prevent competitors
or other third parties from competing with us, and/or they may not otherwise provide us with a competitive advantage. Our competitors,
or other third parties, may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in
a non-infringing manner, or through the use of post-issuance legal or administrative proceedings challenging the validity or scope
of our patents. For example, there is no assurance that the 278 Patent or the 725 Patent, or any other patent that we are granted,
will prevent third parties from developing competing technologies. Moreover, our patent estate, including the 278 Patent and the
725 Patent, may not preclude third parties from having or obtaining intellectual property rights that could interfere with our
freedom to use our Platform. Even assuming patents issue from our pending and future patent applications, changes in either the
patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and foreign jurisdictions may diminish the value of our patents
or narrow their scope of protection. 

We
will not be able to protect our intellectual property rights in certain parts of the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents on each and every one of our product candidates, current and future innovations related to our
Platform, and our institutional knowledge in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and intellectual
property rights in some countries outside the United States may differ in scope from those eventually granted in the United States.
Thus, in some cases, we will not have the opportunity to obtain patent protection for certain technologies in some jurisdictions
outside the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we will not be able to prevent third parties from utilizing
our inventions in certain countries outside the United States, even in jurisdictions where we do pursue patent protection. Competitors
may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own products
and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not
as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual
property rights will not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions.
The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade
secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products. Such challenges in
enforcing rights in these countries could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents, if pursued and obtained,
or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our current and future
patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and may divert our efforts and attention from other aspects
of our business; could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly; could put any future patent applications,
including continuation and divisional applications, at risk of not issuing; and could provoke third parties to assert claims against
us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially
meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce any intellectual property rights in certain parts of the world stemming from intellectual
property that we develop will be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage in these foreign jurisdictions. 

45 

Third
parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which
would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our
commercial success depends upon our ability (and the ability of any potential future collaborators) to develop, manufacture, market
and sell our product candidates, and to freely use our proprietary technologies e.g. , without infringing the rights and
intellectual property of others). Many companies and institutions have filed, and continue to file, patent applications related
to various aspects of drug delivery therapy. In some instances, patent applications or patents may be abandoned or allowed to
lapse, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in a relevant jurisdiction. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries are characterized by extensive and complex litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. We
may in the future become party to, or be threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property
rights with respect to LP-10 or any other product candidate, or related technologies, including, for example, derivation proceedings,
post grant review challenges, and inter partes review before the USPTO. For example, a third party may bring
an inter partes review challenging our patents and any future patent that may be granted to us. Our competitors
or other third parties may assert infringement claims against us, alleging that our therapeutics, manufacturing methods, formulations
or administration methods are covered by their patents. Moreover, we may face patent infringement claims from non-practicing entities
that have no relevant product revenue, and against whom our patent portfolio may therefore have no deterrent effect. 

Patent
and other types of intellectual property litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and their outcomes are uncertain.
If we are found, or believe there is a risk that we may be found, to infringe a third party s valid and enforceable intellectual
property rights, we could be required (or may choose) to obtain a license from such a third party to continue developing, manufacturing
and marketing our technologies. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties
access to the same technologies licensed to us, and further, it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments.
We could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing and commercializing the infringing technologies,
including LP-10. We also could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we
are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. A finding of infringement could prevent us
from manufacturing and commercializing our technologies, including LP-10, or force us to cease some or all our business operations.
Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative
impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Intellectual
property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 

Litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, with or without merit,
is unpredictable and generally expensive and time consuming. Competitors may infringe our current or future patents, should such
patents issue, or we may be required to defend against claims of infringement or other unauthorized use of intellectual property.
Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur
significant expenses and could distract our scientific and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that
some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could
be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts
or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our shares of common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ). Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our
operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution
activities. 

46 

We
may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors
may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial
resources. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating, or
successfully challenging our intellectual property rights. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent
litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

Changes
in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 

Patent
reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement
or defense of issued patents. As patent reform legislation can inject serious uncertainty into the patent prosecution and litigation
processes, it is not clear what impact future patent reform legislation will have on the operation of our business. However, such
future legislation, and its implementation, could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent
applications and the enforcement or defense of any issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Moreover,
the patent positions of companies engaged in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly
uncertain. We cannot assure you that our efforts to seek patent protection for our technology and product candidates will not
be negatively impacted by the future court decisions or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO. These decisions,
and any guidance issued by the USPTO (or changes thereto), could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio
and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights in the future. 

Intellectual
property rights and regulatory exclusivity rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have
limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able
 to make products that are similar to, or competitive with, our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of
 our current patents or of patents that we may own or license in the future; 

we, or any future
 license partners or collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain aspects of the
 concerned technologies; 

others may independently
 develop similar or alternative technologies, or duplicate any of our technologies, potentially without falling within the
 scope of our current or future issued claims, thus not infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that
 our filed or future patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents to
 which we currently hold rights or to which we may hold rights in the future may be held invalid or unenforceable, including
 as a result of legal or administrative challenges by our competitors; 

others may have
 access to any future intellectual property rights licensed to us on a non-exclusive basis; 

our competitors
 might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have or pursue patent rights, and then use
 the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop
 additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

47 

the patents or other
 intellectual property rights of others may have an adverse effect on our business; and 

we may choose not
 to file a patent application covering certain of our trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a
 patent covering such intellectual property. 
 
 Should
any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. Our
reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover
them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 

In addition to patent protection, we also rely on the protection of trade secrets, know-how and confidential
and proprietary information. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. To
maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets and proprietary information, we rely in part
on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and/or
other advisors, and inventions agreements with employees, consultants, and advisors, to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary
information. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the
individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third
parties. Our agreements with employees and consultants also provide that inventions conceived by the individual in the course of
rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. Despite these efforts, we cannot
provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure
of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. 

In
the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or proprietary information, these agreements, even if obtained, may
not provide sufficient protection for our trade secrets or other confidential information. Further, to the extent that our employees,
consultants or contractors use technology or know-how owned by others in their work for the Company, disputes may arise as to
the rights in related inventions. This can be of particular concern with respect to university collaborators with us, who typically
have preexisting obligations to their universities to assign intellectual property rights, which university rights generally are
superior to assignment rights that we might receive from such individuals. The disclosure of our trade secrets would impair our
competitive position and could harm our business. 

Enforcing
a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect
trade secrets. Moreover, third parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently,
and we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Trade secrets will over
time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles, and the movement
of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. Though our agreements with
third parties typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, collaborators, licensors, suppliers, third-party contractors,
and/or consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, our agreements may contain certain limited publication
rights. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no
right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive
position. Because from time to time we expect to rely on third parties in the development, manufacture, and distribution of our
products and provision of our services, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. Despite employing the contractual and
other security precautions described above, the need to share trade secrets increases the risk that such trade secrets become
known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation
of these agreements. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets, the value of this
information may be greatly reduced and our competitive position would be harmed. If we do not apply for patent protection prior
to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential
information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized. 

48 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may experience rapid and substantial volatility,
which could cause purchasers of our Common Stock to incur substantial losses. 

The
market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate dramatically, and may decline rapidly, regardless of any developments in our business.
Overall, there are various factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could negatively affect the market price of our
Common Stock or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Common Stock, including: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our annual or quarterly results of operations, including our earnings estimates and whether we
 meet market expectations with regard to our earnings; 

our
 current inability to pay dividends or other distributions; 

publication
 of research reports by analysts or others about us or the industry in which we operate, including the pharmaceutical or biotechnology
 industry which may be unfavorable, inaccurate, inconsistent or not disseminated on a regular basis; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

market
 reaction to any additional equity, debt or other securities that we may issue in the future, and which may or may not dilute
 the holdings of our existing stockholders; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

actions
 by institutional or significant stockholders; 

short
 interest in our Common Stock or our other securities and the market response to such short interest; 

the
 dramatic increase in the number of individual holders of our Common Stock and their participation in social media platforms
 targeted at speculative investing; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community about our company or industries in which we operate; 

strategic
 actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or other investments; 

legislative,
 administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting our business, our industry, including positions taken by the FDA; 

investigations,
 proceedings, or litigation that involve or affect us; and 

the
 occurrence of any of the other risk factors included in this Report; and 

general
 market and economic conditions. 
 
 Our Common Stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we are unable to maintain listing
of our Common Stock on Nasdaq or any stock exchange, our stock price could be adversely affected and the liquidity of our stock
and our ability to obtain financing could be impaired and it may be more difficult for our stockholders to sell shares of Common
Stock that they hold. 

Although our Common Stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ), we
may not be able to continue to meet the exchange s minimum listing requirements or those of any other national exchange.
If we are unable to maintain the listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq or if a liquid market for our Common Stock does not develop
or is sustained, our Common Stock may remain thinly traded. 

49 

The rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq Rules require listed issuers to comply
with certain standards in order to remain listed on Nasdaq. If, for any reason, we should fail to maintain compliance with these
listing standards and Nasdaq should delist our Common Stock from Nasdaq and we are unable to obtain listing on another national
securities exchange, trading in the shares of our Common Stock could be conducted in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic
bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event ,
a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders: 

the liquidity of our Common Stock; 

the market price of our Common Stock; 

our ability to obtain
 financing for the continuation of our operations; 

the number of investors that will consider investing in our Common Stock; 

the availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our Common Stock; and 

the number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 Substantial
amounts of our outstanding shares of Common Stock may be sold into the market when lock-up or market standoff periods end. If
there are substantial sales of shares of our Common Stock, the price of our Common Stock could decline. 

As of March 29, 2023, our directors, executive officers and certain principal stockholders, and their
respective affiliates, beneficially own 2,292,251 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 40 of our outstanding shares of Common
Stock, all of which are subject to contractual lock-up restrictions on resale. Specifically, in connection with our IPO, our directors, executive officers, and certain principal stockholders
agreed to a lock-up restriction of 180 days from December 19, 2022. If these stockholders sell, or indicate an intent to sell,
substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market after the expiration of such lock-up period, the trading price of
our Common Stock could decline significantly. 

Because
certain of our stockholders control a significant number of shares of our Common Stock, they may have effective control over actions
requiring stockholder approval. 

As
of March 29, 2023, our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, and their respective affiliates, beneficially
own 2,292,251 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 40 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, these stockholders,
acting together, would have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these
stockholders, acting together, would have the ability to control the management and affairs of our Company. Accordingly, this
concentration of ownership might harm the market price of our Common Stock by: 

delaying, deferring
 or preventing a change in corporate control; 

impeding a merger,
 consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or 

discouraging a potential
 acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

50 

Provisions
in our Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us,
which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove
our current management. 

Provisions
in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, as amended and restated after such time, may discourage, delay or prevent
a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which
you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of Common Stock. These provisions also could limit the price that investors
might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock, thereby depressing the market price of our Common Stock.
In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions
may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 

allow the authorized number of our directors
 to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

establish advance notice requirements for stockholder
 proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of directors; 

require that stockholder actions must be effected
 at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent; 

limit who may call special stockholder meetings; 

authorize our board of directors to issue capital
 stock without stockholder approval; and 

require the approval of a majority of the directors
 to amend or repeal certain provisions of our Bylaws. 
 
 Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting
stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired
in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive
forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary
duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; or any
action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive
forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act of the rules
and regulations thereunder, and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and notwithstanding
the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder may not be waived by our investors. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees,
which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to
find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights
to our technologies, including LP-10. 

We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings,
collaborations and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities,
the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could
involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire
or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our
business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties,
we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or any of our product candidates or grant licenses on terms unfavorable
to us. 

51 

Because
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will
be your sole source of gain. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if
any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude
us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Common Stock will be your sole source of gain for
the foreseeable future. 

In the event that our Common Stock
is delisted from Nasdaq, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our Common Stock because
they may be considered penny stocks and thus be subject to the penny stock rules. 

The SEC has adopted a number of rules to
regulate penny stock that restricts transactions involving stock which is deemed to be penny stock. Such rules include
Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. These rules may
have the effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price
of less than 5.00 per share (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq if
current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Our
shares of Common Stock may in the future constitute, penny stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional
sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers for sales of penny stocks may discourage such broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in shares of our Common Stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares and impede
their sale in the secondary market. 

A U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock
to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally, an individual with a net worth in
excess of 1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse) must make a special suitability
determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless
the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations require the U.S.
broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock , a disclosure schedule prepared in accordance
with SEC standards relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt.
A U.S. broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative
and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent
price information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect
to the limited market in penny stocks . 

Stockholders should be aware that, according
to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns
include: (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press
releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections
by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers;
and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to
a desired level, resulting in investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny
stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate
in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being
established with respect to our securities. 

General
Risk Factors 

Market
and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns over medical epidemics, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a deteriorating
real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant
economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending,
diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth, increased unemployment rates,
and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns
(including the current volatile stock market environment), volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable
economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or
equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely
manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price
and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. 

If
securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our Common
Stock, the price of our Common Stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock may rely, in part, on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish
about us or our business. If securities analysts do not commence coverage of us, the trading price of our Common Stock could decrease.
Additionally, if one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our Common Stock, the price
of our Common Stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our Common Stock, we could lose visibility
in the market for our Common Stock, which in turn could cause our Common Stock price to decline. 

We
are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may
make our securities less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions and
relief from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
In particular, while we are an emerging growth company: (i) we will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) we will be exempt from any rules that may be adopted
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or a supplement to the auditor s
report on financial statements; (iii) we will be subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and (iv) we will not be required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive
compensation or stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We
have taken advantage of reduced reporting burdens in this Report. 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can take advantage of an extended transition period and delay adopting
new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this
extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which
adoption of such standards is required for private companies. If we were to subsequently elect instead to comply with public company
effective dates, such election would be irrevocable pursuant to the JOBS Act. Investors may find our securities less attractive
if we rely on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and the per share price of our Common Stock price may decline or
become more volatile. 

52 

We
will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a smaller reporting public company, and our management will be required
to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 

As
a smaller reporting public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules
subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel
will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase
our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, we expect
that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance. 

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ), we will be required to furnish a report by our management
on our internal control over financial reporting, including an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting
issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. However, while we remain an emerging growth company, we will not
be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered
public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process
to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard,
we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan
to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes
as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and
improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that neither we nor our
independent registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial
markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 

Our
business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control
over financial reporting. 

The
design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. There can be no guarantee that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including
any material weaknesses, in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could result in
misstatements of our results of operations or our financial statements or could otherwise materially and adversely affect our
business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 7800 Susquehanna Street, Suite 505, Pittsburgh, PA 15208, containing approximately
2,000 square feet of combined laboratory, office and warehouse space that we use in our research and development efforts. The
lease for our principal executive offices has a five-year term that ends on May 31, 2024, and the lease provides us with an option
to extend the term for an additional five years. We believe our executive offices, including our Facility, are adequate to meet
our current needs, although we may seek to negotiate new leases or evaluate additional or alternate space for our operations.
We believe appropriate alternative space will be readily available on commercially reasonable terms. 

53 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party
to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless
of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources,
negative publicity and reputation harm, and other factors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

54 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LIPO. 

Holders
of our Common Stock 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were approximately 15 holders of record of our Common Stock. This number does not include shares of Common
Stock held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future
earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board
of directors may deem relevant 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Reference
is made to Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans for the information required by this item. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
together with our financial statements and related notes appearing in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion
and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business
and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including
those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Report, our actual results could differ materially from
the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing new drugs by reformulating the active agents in existing generic
drugs and optimizing these reformulations for new applications. We believe that this strategy combines many of the cost efficiencies
and risk abatements derived from using existing generic drugs with potential patent protections for our proprietary formulations;
this strategy allows us to expedite, protect, and monetize our product candidates. Additionally, we maintain a therapeutic focus
on diseases with significant, unaddressed morbidity and mortality where no approved drug therapy currently exists. We believe
that this focus can potentially help reduce the cost, time and risk associated with obtaining marketing approval. 

55 

Consistent
with our strategy, the initial indication that we are currently addressing (via development of our product candidate, which we
have designated as LP-10) is HC, which is chronic, uncontrolled urinary blood loss that results from certain chemotherapies (such
as alkylating agents) or pelvic radiation therapy (also called radiation cystitis ). Many radiation cystitis patients
experience severe morbidity (and in some cases, mortality), and currently, there is no therapy for their condition approved by
the FDA, or, to our knowledge, any other regulatory body. LP-10 is the development name of our reformulation of tacrolimus (an
approved generic active agent) specifically optimized for topical deposition to the internal surface of the urinary bladder lumen
using a proprietary drug delivery platform that we have developed and that we refer to as our Platform. We are developing LP-10
and our Platform to be, to our knowledge, the first drug candidate and drug delivery technology that could be successful in treating
cancer survivors who acquire HC. 

In a second program, we are developing a product candidate, which we have designated LP-310 and which
employs a formulation similar to LP-10, for the treatment of OLP. OLP is a chronic, T-cell-mediated, autoimmune oral mucosal disease,
and LP-310 contains tacrolimus which inhibits T-lymphocyte activation. Symptoms of OLP include painful burning sensations, bleeding
and irritation with tooth brushing, painful, thickened patches on the tongue, and discomfort when speaking, chewing or swallowing.
These symptoms frequently cause weight loss, nutritional deficiency, anxiety, depression, and scarring from erosive lesions. OLP
can also be a precursor to cancer, predominately squamous cell carcinoma, with a malignant transformation rate of approximately
one percent. LP-310 is the development name of our oral, liposomal formulation of tacrolimus (the same approved generic active
agent in LP-10) specifically optimized for local delivery to oral mucosa. We believe that our approach of using metastable liposomal
tacrolimus as a treatment for OLP is novel. To date, upon review of relevant FDA public data resources on approved drugs and biologics,
we are not aware of any other liposomal products developed to treat such disease. We have completed a pre-IND meeting with the
FDA and intend to submit the full IND to the FDA for LP-310 in the third quarter of 2023. 

Our
Platform includes proprietary drug delivery technologies optimized for use with epithelial tissues that coat lumenal surfaces,
such as the colon, the various tissues lining the mouth and esophagus and the tissues lining the bladder and urethra. The Company
has two issued patents in the U.S. that should exclude competitors from making, selling or using our LP-10 and LP-310 formulations
in the U.S. until July 11, 2035. We also have issued patents in Australia and Canada that do not expire until October 22, 2034.
Corresponding patent applications are pending in the U.S. and European Patent Offices. We also have a pending U.S. patent application
on an improvement to the technology. 

Since
our inception in 2005, we have focused primarily on business planning, progressing our lead product candidates, including progressing
LP-10 through clinical development, raising capital, organizing and staffing our company. On May 26, 2005, we received approximately
 18,000 in consideration for the issuance of 2,000,001 shares of Common Stock to our founders. Subsequently, we received (i) 100,000
in consideration for the issuance of 80,000 shares of Common Stock to two individual investors, (ii) 33,334 upon the exercise
by employees of an aggregate of 26,667 stock options, (iii) 3,600,006 in connection with the issuance to investors of 959,957
shares of Common Stock and warrants exercisable for up to 143,994 shares of Common Stock, and (iv) approximately 955,468 in consideration
for the issuance to investors of an aggregate of 1,592,447 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. All of our previously outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of Common Stock upon the pricing of the IPO. 

In
August 2009 and January 2015, we issued an aggregate of 100,000 in promissory notes to our co-founder, Dr. Chancellor, of which
an aggregate face value of approximately 75,000 was cancelled in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate of 22,950 shares
of Common Stock in connection with the IPO. Between October 2022 and November 2022, Dr. Kaufman contributed an aggregate of 250,000
in cash to the Company to support its continued operations. 

On December 22, 2022, we completed the IPO and issued and sold 1,217,391 shares of Common Stock at a price
to the public of 5.75 per share. The aggregate net proceeds from the IPO were approximately 5.0 million after deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions of approximately 630,000 and offering expenses of approximately 1.16 million. 

56 

Recent
Developments of the Company 

In January 2023, we concluded phase 2a
clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of our drug candidate LP-10 for hemorrhagic cystitis for LP-10 with top-line
results. Our next step will be seeking regulatory guidance from the FDA. The summary results of the trial demonstrated no serious
adverse events, a relatively short duration of systemic uptake, and decreased hematuria, cystoscopic bleeding and ulceration sites,
resulting in improved patients urinary symptoms. We expect to present the full results of the trial in the second quarter of 2023. 

On March 1, 2023, we established an Oral
Health Scientific Advisory Board comprising a group of highly respected professionals. These advisors will guide us on the further
development of LP-310. 

On March 21, 2023, our board of directors
appointed Mr. Daniel Cohen as a director and as a member of the audit committee of our board of directors, replacing Dr. Kim on
such committee. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Following table summarizes our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 

184 

259 

(75) 
 
 Operating expenses: 

R D 

2,547 

1,457 

1,091 

General and administrative 

226 

718 

(492) 
 
 Total operating expenses 

2,774 

2,175 

599 

Loss from operations 

(2,590) 

(1,916) 

(674) 
 
 Other income (expense) 

(8) 

50 

(58) 
 
 Net loss 

(2,598) 

(1,866) 

(732) 

Grants
and Other Revenue 

We have not yet commercialized any products and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any
product candidates for several years. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived revenue from two series of grants
awarded by the NIH on May 4, 2017 and September 19, 2018 totaling approximately 2,240,000, and an additional award on September
15, 2022 of approximately 673,000 (the NIH Grants ). We recognize revenue from grants when the related costs
are incurred and the right to payment is realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received approximately 184,000 in
connection with the NIH Grants, recognized as revenue, compared to a total of 259,000 in connection with the NIH Grants, recognized
as revenue, as of December 31, 2021. We expect to receive approximately 500,000 from the NIH Grants in 2023. The reduction in
annual grant revenue from 2021 to 2022 is related to a shift in our funding strategy from relying on grant revenue to relying on
equity financing to support the increased capital needs of our growing R D efforts. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses consist of (i) R D expenses and (ii) general and administrative expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

R D
costs primarily consist of direct costs associated with consultants and materials, biologic storage, third party CRO costs and
contract development and manufacturing expenses, salaries and other personnel-related expenses. R D costs are expensed as
incurred. More specifically, these costs include: 

costs of funding research performed by third parties that conduct R D and nonclinical and clinical
activities on our behalf; 

costs of manufacturing
 drug supply and drug product; 

costs of conducting
 nonclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates; 

consulting and professional fees related to R D activities, including equity-based compensation to
non-employees; 

costs related to
 compliance with clinical regulatory requirements; and 

57 

employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for our R D
personnel. 
 
 Costs
for certain activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data, such
as information provided to us by our vendors, and analyzing the progress of our nonclinical and clinical studies or other services
performed. Significant judgment and estimates are made in determining the accrued expense balances at the end of any reporting
period. Advance payments that we make for goods or services to be received in the future for use in R D activities are recorded
as prepaid expenses. Such amounts are recognized as an expense as the goods are delivered or the related services are performed,
or until it is no longer expected that the goods will be delivered or the services rendered. 

We
expect that our R D expenses will increase substantially in connection with our clinical development activities for our LP-10
program. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary
to complete the clinical development of, or obtain regulatory approval for, any of our current or future product candidates. This
is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization, including the specific
factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors. If any events described in the applicable risk factors included
in the section titled Risk Factors occur, then the costs and timing associated with the development of any of our
product candidates could significantly change. We may never succeed in obtaining regulatory approval for, of commercialization
of, LP-10 or any of our other product candidates. 

The
following table summarizes our R D expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Years Ended 

Increase 

December 31, 

(Decrease) 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Direct R D expenses for the LP-10 product candidate program: 

Employee-related costs 

462 

248 

214 

Employee stock option expense 

493 

338 

155 

Outsourced R D 

625 

131 

494 

Facility-related costs 

216 

88 

128 

Platform development, early-stage research and unallocated expenses: 

Employee-related costs 

220 

289 

(69) 
 
 Employee stock option expense 

206 

106 

100 

Outsourced R D 

217 

157 

60 

Facility-related costs 

108 

100 

8 

Total research and development expenses 

2,548 

1,457 

1,090 

R D expenses increased by approximately 1,090,000, from approximately 1,457,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021 to approximately 2,548,000 for year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in R D expenses was primarily
attributable to cost of labor (internal personnel and outside services), especially related to our clinical trials for the LP-10
product candidate program, and employee stock option expense. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of management and business consultants and other related costs, including stock-based
compensation. General and administrative expenses also include board of directors expenses and professional fees for legal,
patent, consulting, accounting, auditing, tax services and insurance costs. 

General and administrative expenses were 226,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 718,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses decreased by approximately 492,000, primarily due
to a decrease in stock option expense of 444,000, offset by increased personnel and outside services costs. General and
administrative expenses were primarily attributable to personnel, insurance, accounting, legal and allocated facility costs. 

58 

We
expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase as our organization and personnel needs grow to support
continued R D activities and the potential commercialization of our product candidates, including, but not limited to LP-10.
We believe that these increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees to
consultants, attorneys and accountants, among other expenses. Additionally, we expect to incur increased expenses associated with
being a public company, including costs of additional personnel, accounting, audit, legal, regulatory and tax-related services
associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance costs, and investor
and public relations costs. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7,979, versus other income of 50,355 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due primarily to 57,040 in income from debt forgiveness in 2021, for the Company s
Paycheck Protection Program PPP and Economic Injury Disaster Loans EIDLs loans. Net interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7,937, an increase of approximately 1,207 versus the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was due primarily to interest expense on notes payable, as well as interest income on marketable securities. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

We have not yet commercialized any products,
and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any product candidates for several years, if at all. Cash and cash equivalents
totaled 5.1 million as of December 31, 2022. We consider all highly liquid investments that mature in 90 days or less when purchased
to be cash equivalents. 

We have incurred operating losses and experienced
negative operating cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur
losses for the foreseeable future. Our net loss totaled 2,597,5692 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1,865,473 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

From
inception through December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations primarily through (i) private equity financings (from which
we have raised an aggregate of approximately 11 million, (ii) grants received from the U.S. government (from which we have received
an aggregate of approximately 10 million), and (iii) the IPO (from which we raised net proceeds of approximately 5.0 million,
after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses). Until such time, if ever, as we can generate
substantial revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings and debt
financings or other sources, such as potential collaboration agreements, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. 

Cash Flows 

The following table provides information
regarding our cash flows for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 

Fiscal Years Ended 

December 31, 

Dollars in thousands 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash (used) provided in operating activities 

(1,831) 

(989) 

Net cash (used) provided in investing activities 

301 

(301) 

Net cash provided in financing activities 

5,238 

2,097 

Net increase(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

3,708 

807 

Net
Cash (Used) Provided in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1,831,000.
This was composed of increases in grants receivable of 114,000 and prepaid expenses (primarily insurance policies) of 470,000,
offset by increased liabilities of 593,000, noncash adjustments to net loss of 747,000 in stock option expense. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 989,000.
Cash used in operating activities was attributable to the use of funds in connection with our operations, resulting in a net loss
of 1,865,000, adjusted by 57,000 of debt forgiveness of PPP loans and EIDLs, 729,000 of non-cash stock option expense, 7,000
of non-cash interest expense, 174,000 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and 24,000 in other operating assets
and liabilities. 

Net
Cash (Used) Provided in Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 301,000,
which was related to the liquidation of marketable securities from our investment portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
 301,000 was used to acquire short-term, marketable securities. 

Net
Cash Provided in Financing Activities 

Net cash provided in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.0 million,
resulting primarily from cash proceeds from our IPO, net of issuance costs, and we experienced an increase in notes payable of
 275,000. 

Net cash provided in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 2,097,000, resulting
primarily from proceeds received from the issuance and sale of our equity securities through private placement, net of issuance
costs. 

59 

Funding
Requirements 

We
expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing R D activities, particularly as we continue R D,
advance clinical trials of LP-10 and advance the preclinical development of our other programs, including LP-310. In addition,
we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. As a result, we expect to incur substantial
operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. 

Based
on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations
and capital expenses into 2023. However, we have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust
our capital resources sooner than we expect. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of LP-10, LP-310 and our other
and future product candidates, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital requirements. Our future funding
requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors, including, but not limited to, those
referenced above in Results of Operations Operating Expenses Research and Development Expenses . 

Going
Concern 

The
financial statements of the Company have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have generated losses from operations since inception. The
Company expects operating losses to continue in the foreseeable future because of additional costs and expenses related to research
and development activities, plans to expand its product portfolio, and increasing its market share. The Company s ability
to transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support its cost
structure. The timing and amount of our actual expenditures will be based on many factors, including cash flows from operations
and the anticipated growth of our business. 

Management
of the Company may raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities or debt. There can be no assurance that such
financing will be available at terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. Failure to generate sufficient cash flows from operations
and raise additional capital could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to achieve its intended business
objectives. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements,
as defined under applicable SEC rules. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We did not have during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, and we do not currently have, any
material contractual obligations, such as license agreements or similar arrangements, other than as described below and in the
financial notes. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
are party to employment agreements with each of Drs. Kaufman and Chancellor and Mr. Johnston, executive officers of the Company,
the material terms of each of which are described in the section entitled Executive Compensation Executive Employment
Agreements . 

Lease
Agreement 

We
are party to a lease agreement, dated June 1, 2019, with Bridgeway Development Corporation, as amended, for the lease of 2,690
square feet of office and lab and manufacturing space in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The current lease term expires on May 31, 2024
and we have the right to exercise a one-time option to extend the term of the lease for an additional five-year term. The annual
base rent under the lease is approximately 66,000. 

60 

Service
Agreements 

We enter into service agreements in the normal course of business with CROs and for clinical trials, preclinical
research studies and testing, manufacturing, and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts do not contain
any minimum purchase commitments. Certain agreements provide for termination rights subject to termination fees or wind down costs.
Under such agreements, we are contractually obligated to make certain payments to vendors, mainly to reimburse them for their unrecoverable
outlays incurred prior to cancellation. The exact amounts of such obligations are dependent on the timing of termination, and the
exact terms of the relevant agreement and cannot be reasonably estimated. The expense we incurred pursuant to these agreements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 676,000, compared to approximately 370,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was due to the ramp up of our clinical trials in 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

This
management s discussion and analysis is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reported periods. We base our estimates on historical
experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our judgments
and estimates in light of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates, if any,
will be reflected in the financial statements prospectively from the date of change in estimates. 

While
our accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements included in this Report, we believe
the following accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements require the most significant judgments and
estimates. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a description of our other
significant accounting policies. 

Accrued
Expenses 

As
part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued third-party R D expenses
as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel
to identify services that have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated
cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. The majority of our
service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed or when contractual milestones are met. We make estimates
of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically
confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments if necessary. The significant estimates
in our accrued R D expenses include the costs incurred for services performed by our vendors in connection with R D activities
for which we have not yet been invoiced. 

We
base our expenses related to R D activities on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes
and contracts with vendors that conduct R D activities on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject
to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments
made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the R D expense. In accruing
service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each
period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual
or prepaid balance accordingly. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future R D activities
are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. 

Although
we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of
services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that
are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such
expenses and the amounts incurred. 

61 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
measure stock-based compensation based on the grant date fair value of the stock-based awards and recognize stock-based compensation
expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting period of the
respective award. For non-employee awards, compensation expense is recognized as the services are provided, which is generally
ratably over the vesting period. We account for forfeitures as they occur. On January 1, 2018, we adopted, using the modified
retroactive approach, the guidance of Accounting Standard Update 2018-07, Compensation Stock Compensation
(Topic 718) Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU 2018-07 ),
and account for awards to non-employees using the grant date fair value without subsequent periodic remeasurement. The adoption
of ASU 2018-07 did not have a material effect on our financial statements. 

We
classify stock-based compensation expense in our statements of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient s
salary and related costs are classified or in which the award recipient s service payments are classified. In future periods,
we expect stock-based compensation expense to increase, due in part to our existing unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
and as we grant additional stock-based awards to continue to attract and retain our employees. 

We
determine the fair value of restricted common stock awards granted based on the fair value of our Common Stock. We have historically
determined the fair value of the underlying Common Stock based on input from management and the board of directors and the Company s
enterprise value determined utilizing various methods, including the back-solve method. The total enterprise value,
determined from the back-solve method, is historically then allocated to the various outstanding equity instruments, including
the underlying Common Stock, utilizing the option pricing method OPM or a hybrid of the probability-weighted expected
return method PWERM and the OPM. 

The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model, which requires inputs based on certain subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility, the expected
term of the option, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of the option, and our expected
dividend yield. As the public market for our Common Stock has been limited and prior to the IPO there was no such public market,
we have historically determined the volatility for awards granted based on an analysis of reported data for a group of guideline
companies that issued options with substantially similar terms. The expected volatility has been determined using a weighted-average
of the historical volatility measures of this group of guideline companies. We expect to continue estimating expected volatility
based on the group of guideline companies until we have adequate historical data regarding the volatility of our own traded stock
price. The expected term of our stock options granted to employees and non-employees has been determined utilizing the simplified 
method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to
the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected
term of the award. We have not paid, and do not anticipate paying, dividends on our Common Stock; therefore, the expected dividend
yield is assumed to be zero. 

As there was no public market for our Common Stock prior to the IPO, the estimated fair value of our Common
Stock prior to our IPO had been approved by our board of directors, with input from management, as of the date of each award grant,
considering our most recently available independent third-party valuations of our Common Stock and any additional objective and
subjective factors that we believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through
the date of each award grant. We estimated the value of our equity using the market approach and a precedent transaction method
which back-solves the equity value that yields a specific value for our Series A Preferred Stock. We allocated the
equity value to our Common Stock and shares of our Series A Preferred Stock using either an OPM or a hybrid method, which is a
hybrid between the OPM and the PWERM. The hybrid method we have historically utilized estimates the probability-weighted value
across multiple scenarios but uses the OPM to estimate the allocation of value within at least one of the scenarios. In addition
to the OPM, the hybrid method considered the IPO scenario in which the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock converted to Common
Stock. The future value of the Common Stock in the IPO scenario is discounted back to the valuation date at an appropriate risk
adjusted discount rate. In the hybrid method, the present value indicated for each scenario is probability weighted to arrive at
an indication of value for our Common Stock. 

62 

In
addition to considering the results of the valuations, management considered various objective and subjective factors to determine
the fair value of our Common Stock as of each grant date, which may be a date later than the most recent third-party valuation
date, including: 

the prices of our
 Series A Preferred Stock sold to or exchanged between outside investors in arm s length transactions, if any, and the
 rights, preferences and privileges of our Series A Preferred Stock as compared to those of our Common Stock, including the
 liquidation preferences of our Series A Preferred Stock; 

the progress of
 our R D efforts, including the status of preclinical studies; 

the lack of liquidity
 of our equity as a private company; 

our stage of development
 and business strategy and the material risks related to our business and industry; 

the achievement
 of enterprise milestones; 

the valuation of
 publicly traded companies in the life sciences and biotechnology sectors, as well as recently completed mergers and acquisitions
 of peer companies; 

any external market
 conditions affecting the biotechnology industry, and trends within the biotechnology industry; 

the likelihood of
 achieving a liquidity event for the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, such as an IPO, or a sale of
 the Company, given prevailing market conditions; and 

the analysis of
 IPOs and the market performance of similar companies in the biopharmaceutical industry. 

There are significant judgments and estimates inherent in these valuations. These judgments and estimates
include assumptions regarding our future operating performance, the stage of development of our programs, the timing of a potential
offering, or other liquidity event, and the determination of the appropriate valuation methodology at each valuation date. The
assumptions underlying these valuations represent management s best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of management judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and we use significantly different assumptions
or estimates, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different. Subsequent to the completion of the IPO, the
fair value of our Common Stock will be determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on Nasdaq. 

The following table sets forth by grant
date, after giving effect to the reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock on a 1-for-2.5 basis,
with respect to stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the (i) number of shares
of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such stock options, (ii) per share exercise price of such options and (iii) estimated
fair value per share of our Common Stock on each such date. We did not grant any shares of restricted Common Stock during this
period. 

Grant 
 date 
 
 Number
of shares of Common 
 Stock
issuable upon exercise of 
 stock
options granted 

Exercise
price per 
 share
of Common 
 Stock 

Estimated
fair value per 
 share
of Common Stock 
 at
grant date 

03/01/21 

68,000 

5.00 

3.75 

03/31/21 

298,000 

5.00 

3.75 

09/03/21 

360,000 

5.00 

3.75 

03/01/22 

10,000 

5.00 

5.00 

The
per share values at each such grant date, which we applied to determine the per share estimated fair value of the respective awards
for accounting purposes, were based upon the determination by our board of directors of the fair value of our Common Stock as
of each grant date. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

In
April 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company 
may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. Therefore, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to avail ourselves of this extended
transition period and, as a result, we will not be required to adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates
on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies. 

63 

In
addition, as an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are
otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include, among other things: 

reduced disclosure
 about the compensation paid to our executive officers; 

not being required
 to submit to our stockholders advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; 

an exemption from
 the auditor attestation requirement in the pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and 

an exemption from
 compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm
 rotation. 
 
 We
may take advantage of these exemptions until such time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be
an emerging growth company upon the earliest of 

the last day of
 the fiscal year on which we have 1.235 billion or more in annual revenue, 

the date on which
 we become a large accelerated filer (i.e., as of our fiscal year end, the total market value of our common equity
 securities held by non-affiliates is 700 million or more as of June 30), 

the date on which
 we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period, or 

the last day of
 our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of the IPO. 
 
 We
may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these exemptions. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all recently issued accounting pronouncements and have determined that, other than as
disclosed in Note 3 to our audited financial statements
included in this Report, such standards will not have a material impact on our financial statements or do not otherwise apply to
our operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Company s financial statements, notes to the financial statements, and the reports of the Company s independent registered
accountants required to be filed in response to this Item 8 begin on page F-1 of this Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

64 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Based
upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. This conclusion was based on the material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting further described below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly
public companies. Additionally, our auditors will not be required to formally opine on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in
the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

65 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our
executive officers and directors and their ages and positions are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Jonathan Kaufman, PhD, MBA 
 56 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary
 and Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Michael Chancellor, MD 
 65 
 Chief Medical Officer and Director 

Douglas Johnston, CPA 
 38 
 Chief Financial Officer 

David Battleman, MD 
 56 
 Director 

Daniel Cohen 

58 

Director 

Byong (Christopher) Kim, PhD 
 51 
 Director 

Ryan Pruchnic, MBA 
 48 
 Director 

Naoki Yoshimura, MD, PhD 
 65 
 Director 

The
following is a biographical summary of the experience of each of our executive officers, directors and significant employees: 

Executive
Officers 

Jonathan
Kaufman, PhD, MBA , has served as a director and as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer since
the Company s inception in 2005. From 2016 to 2019, Dr. Kaufman was a managing director and registered representative of
Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC, a growth equity firm, and from 2015 to 2018 he consulted for multiple biotechnology companies,
including Menogenix Inc., and Frequency Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: FREQ). Previously, Dr. Kaufman served as chief financial officer
of Semprus Biosciences Corp. (acquired by Teleflex Incorporated (NYSE: TFX)), chief science officer at LaunchCyte LLC, a company
that creates, seeds and harvests life science innovations from top U.S. academic institutions LaunchCyte ), fellow
in the department of radiation at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, consultant to GlaxoSmithKline plc. (NYSE: GSK).
Also, Dr. Kaufman served on the new technology committee during his employment at Merck Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK). Dr. Kaufman
is the co-founder of Knopp Biosciences LLC, a privately held drug discovery and development company, and until March 2022 had
served on the board of directors of Reaction Biology Corporation, a pre-clinical contract research organization that provides
a full suite of preclinical drug discovery services. Dr. Kaufman received an MBA from the Wharton School, a PhD from the University
of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, an MS from Brown University, and a BS from Carnegie Mellon University. We believe that Dr.
Kaufman is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive business experience and knowledge in the life science
industry. 

Michael
Chancellor, MD , has served as a director and as our Chief Medical Officer since 2008 and has been a consultant to the
Company since 2005. Since 2008, Dr. Chancellor has served as a professor and research director at the William Beaumont School
of Medicine. He is co-founder of Cook Myosite Incorporated, company that develops and commercializes technology related to the
collection, selection, and expansion of human skeletal muscle cells for the treatment of various disorders and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cook Medical Incorporated, a medical device company. Dr. Chancellor has been principal investigator in more than
75 clinical trials has authored hundreds of publications regarding the treatment of urinary bladder dysfunction, has received
more than 90 awards in connection with his work with urinary bladder dysfunction, and is generally considered an international
key opinion leader in the industry. Dr. Chancellor is a board-certified urologist, previously holding the positions of instructor
at the College of Physicians and Surgeons Columbia University, associate professor at Jefferson Medical College, and professor
at University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. He received an MD from the Medical College of Wisconsin and completed his urology
residency at the University of Michigan and his neurourology and female urology fellowship at Columbia University. We believe
that Dr. Chancellor is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive business experience as an executive in
the pharmaceutical industry and his depth of knowledge and substantial experience as a research scientist. 

66 

Douglas
Johnston, CPA , has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since November 9, 2022, and previously served
in a similar capacity as the Company s Vice President of Finance since October 2021. Mr. Johnston has more than 15 years
of experience, including working with global pharmaceutical companies and early-stage pharmaceutical and technology companies.
Most recently, Mr. Johnston served as the chief financial officer of Apogee IT Services Apogee from 2017 to 2021.
Prior to Apogee, Mr. Johnston served from 2015 to 2017 as senior manager of finance for Mylan N.V. (specialty division), a global
generic and specialty pharmaceuticals company, director of finance from 2013 to 2015 at Forever, Inc., a digital archive and internet
storage company, assistant controller from 2011 to 2013 at Kadmon Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops
and markets transformative therapies for unmet medical needs and is a subsidiary of Sanofi S.A. (Nasdaq: SNY), and prior to that,
he served as an audit manager at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. Also, Mr. Johnston is the co-founder of Stonewall Finance,
LLC. Mr. Johnston received a bachelor s degree in accounting from Washington and Jefferson College, is a certified public
accountant licensed in Pennsylvania, and is an active member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Independent
Directors 

David
Battleman, MD , has served as a director of the Company since 2008. Since 2010, Dr. Battleman has served as the principal
and founder of TrueNorth Lifesciences, LLC TNLS ), a management consulting and financial advisory firm that works
to accelerate growth of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Prior to founding TNLS, from 2005 to 2010, Dr. Battleman served
as a senior principal in the research and development and commercial strategy practice within IMS Health Holdings, Inc. (now IQVIA;
NYSE: IQV), a Fortune 500 company providing data and consulting services to the global pharmaceutical industry, Prior to joining
IMS Health Holdings, Inc., he served as a management consultant at Bain Company from 2004 to 2005, and as medical director
for Pfizer Pharmaceuticals from 2002 to 2004. Within academia, he worked as an assistant professor of Public Health Medicine
at Cornell University s Weill Cornell Medical College from 1997 to 2002. While at Cornell, Dr. Battleman s research
focused primarily on health economics and technology assessment, and he has published both original research and expert reviews
in these areas. Dr. Battleman holds an M.D. from Weill Cornell Medical College, an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania s
Wharton School of Business, and an M.Sc. from the Harvard School of Public Health. Dr. Battleman also holds his Series 63 and
Series 82 licenses and is a FINRA registered representative with Pickwick Capital Partners. We believe that Dr. Battleman
is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in operating and advising diverse biotechnology
companies and his depth of knowledge in the life science industry. 

Daniel Cohen, MBA , has
served as a director of the Company since March 21, 2023. Since 2018, Mr. Cohen has served as managing member and founder at
Brightdrum LLC, a management consulting firm that works to accelerate growth of technology ventures. From 2021 to 2023, Mr.
Cohen also served as an executive at Mojo Vision, a technology company, where he led healthcare product strategy and medical device product management. As a serial entrepreneur, Mr. Cohen
founded and served as CEO of five startups with exits, including Personity, a mobile infrastructure software company,
acquired by Openwave Systems (now Enea, STO: ENEA), and USConnect, an enterprise software company, acquired by IKON
(now Canon, NYSE: CAJ). Mr. Cohen has also held executive leadership roles in product management, strategic partnerships, and
business operations in companies including Google (now Alphabet, NASDAQ: GOOG) and Yahoo. Mr. Cohen has worked across
multiple technology sectors including health tech, IoT, consumer web, and enterprise SaaS. Mr. Cohen is coauthor of eight
patents including innovations in ophthalmic medical devices, mobile communications, user interfaces, security, presence,
messaging, and peer-to-peer networks. Mr. Cohen holds a dual BS degree in electrical engineering and computer engineering
from Carnegie Mellon University, and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr.
Cohen is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in operating and advising diverse
technology companies and commercializing innovation. 

Byong
(Christopher) Kim, PhD , has served as a director of the Company since March 2022 and is a venture capitalist with
a focus on drug discovery. Since 2015, Dr. Kim has served as managing director at Novatio Ventures, which invests in seed- to
early-stage life sciences companies originating from the U.S., Canada and Korea. He has also served as a member of the selection
committee for BaseLaunch since July 2020, an accelerator firm located in Basel, Switzerland which has supported ventures that
have since raised over 390M since its founding in 2018. Additionally, since 2016, Dr. Kim has served as an executive vice president
and board member of Bridge Biotherapeutics, Inc., a clinical stage biotech company that went public on the Korean stock exchange
KOSDAQ in December 2019. Mr. Kim holds a B.S. in Biology from the University of California at Irvine, a PhD in Developmental Biology
from the University of Texas at MD Anderson, and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University. We believe that Dr. Kim is qualified
to serve on our board of directors because of his experience evaluating and financing early-stage biotechnology companies. 

Ryan
Pruchnic, MBA , has served as a director of the Company since September 2021. Mr. Pruchnic has been employed by Cook Myosite
since 2001, and currently serves as managing vice president at Cook MyoSite. Mr. Pruchnic received a bachelor s degree in
biology and a master s degree in exercise physiology from the University of Pittsburgh and an MBA from the Joseph M. Katz
Graduate School of Business at the University of Pittsburgh. While working as a research scientist investigating the experimental
uses of skeletal muscle-derived cells for urinary tract tissue augmentation, Mr. Pruchnic was part of the original team that custom-built
the cell isolation and manufacturing technology for use in human clinical trials. Mr. Pruchnic has authored and coauthored numerous
peer-reviewed scientific journal articles and book chapters relating to gene and cell therapy research for musculoskeletal disorders.
Currently, Mr. Pruchnic oversees the day-to-day operations and the manufacturing, quality testing and releasing of the cellular
product for human use in clinical investigations at Cook MyoSite, including leading the regulatory and clinical initiatives. We
believe that Mr. Pruchnic is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his experience building a substantial global
research initiative in applied regenerative medicine. 

67 

Naoki
Yoshimura, MD, PhD , has served as a director of the Company since September 2021. Dr. Yoshimura is a professor and the
endowed chair of neurological research in the department of urology at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, where
he has been employed since 1996. Dr. Yoshimura also serves on the appeals committee of the University of Pittsburgh School of
Medicine. Dr. Yoshimura s research interests include understanding the mechanism inducing hyperexcitability of visceral
afferent pathways innevating the lower urinary tract in relation with pathophysiological conditions such as spinal cord injury,
peripheral nerve injury, inflammation, and diabetes mellitus, and identifying the role of neurotrophic factors in controlling
the activity of visceral afferent neurons. Since 2006, Dr. Yoshimura has served on the board of directors of the Comfortable Urology
Network, a non-profit organization. In addition, Dr. Yoshimura has served as a research officer for and on the board of directors
of the International Neuro-Urology Society since its establishment in 2016. Dr. Yoshimura is a published author of more than 300
articles, abstracts, and book chapters, teaches several courses at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, and mentors
a number of students, residents, and research fellows each year. Dr. Yoshimura is also principal investigator on several sponsored
research projects and holds a number of patents in his field. Dr. Yoshimura serves as a member of the editorial board for the
Journal of the Japanese Continence Society and the International Journal of Urology. We believe that Dr. Yoshimura is qualified
to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in urinary bladder research and related consulting experience
with the pharmaceutical industry. 

Significant
Employees 

Michele
Gruber has served in various roles for the Company since 2009 and currently serves as the Company s Director of
Operations, a position she has held since March 2010. She has participated in the development of multiple Company product candidates
for the treatment of urologic diseases, as well as the design and conduct of urologic clinical trials. Mrs. Gruber s early
work in the chemistry field included development of calibration standards for a Macromizer MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry as well
as analytical work in the biofuels industry. Mrs. Gruber was responsible for the development of GMP manufacturing and validation
and stability testing of LP-10 and has been similarly responsible for LP-310 in this regard, including preparation of the related
IND package. Mrs. Gruber holds a Bachelor s degree in Chemistry from Carnegie Mellon University. 

Janet
Okonski has served as the Company s Director of Clinical Operations since August 2021, where she is responsible
for the Company s clinical trial data management as well as communications with the Company s clinical trial sites
and clinical research vendors, including medical monitoring, clinical laboratories for body-fluid analysis, safety monitoring
and overall data management. For more than twenty years prior, she was employed as a clinical research director at the University
of Pittsburgh s Department of Urology. Mrs. Okonski has experience managing over 40 clinical trials in all phases of research,
including translational clinical research, and her experience also includes participating in clinical trial design and budgeting,
preparing FDA regulatory submissions (including IND applications) and clinical trial subject recruitment, retention and data collection.
Mrs. Okonski holds a Bachelor s degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have a written code of conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, employees and contractors, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions.
The code of conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.lipella.com . We intend to disclose future
amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions or our directors on our website identified
above or in a current report on Form 8-K that we would file with the SEC. 

68 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Under the securities laws of the United States, our directors, executive (and certain other) officers,
and any persons holding ten percent or more of our Common Stock must report on their ownership of the Common Stock and any changes
in that ownership to the SEC. Specific due dates for these reports have been established. During the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, we believe the following reports listed in the table below were required to be filed by such persons pursuant to Section
16(a) and were not filed on a timely basis due to a delay
in obtaining a CIK for each such reporting person: 

Name 
 
 Number 
 of Late 
 Reports 
 
 Description 
 
 David Battleman 
 
 1 
 
 Mr. Battleman s Form 3 was not filed on
 a timely basis. 
 
 Naoki Yoshimura 
 
 1 
 
 Mr. Yoshimura s Form 3 was not filed on
 a timely basis 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
of Directors 

Our board of directors consists of seven members. The number of directors is fixed from time to time by
our board of directors, subject to the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. Each of our current directors
will continue to serve as a director until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier
death, disqualification, resignation, or removal. 

Director
Independence 

As our Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq, our determination of the independence of directors is made using
the definition of independent director contained in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). As of March 28, 2023, our Board
has affirmatively determined that Drs. Battleman, Kim and Yoshimura and Messrs. Cohen and Pruchnic are independent directors, 
as that term is defined in the Nasdaq Rules. Under the Nasdaq Rules, our Board must be composed of a majority of independent
directors. Additionally, subject to certain limited exceptions, our Board s audit, compensation, and nominating and
corporate governance committees also must be composed of all independent directors. 

Audit
committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Under the rules of
Nasdaq, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board
of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. 

To
be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, a member of an audit committee of a listed
company may not, other than in his capacity as a member of our audit committee, our board of directors, or any other committee
of our board of directors: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the
listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Our
Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director. Based
upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including
family relationships, our Board has determined that the following members of our Board have a relationship that would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director: Dr. Kaufman and Dr. Chancellor,
and that other than such directors, each of our directors is independent as that term is defined under the listing
requirements and rules of Nasdaq. In making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships
that each non-employee director has with the Company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining
their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by each non-employee director. 

69 

Board
Meetings and Attendance 

During the 2022 fiscal year, the Board conducted all matters by a unanimous written consent and did
not have any board meetings. 

Annual
Meeting Attendance 

The
Company did not hold an annual meeting of its stockholders in the 2022 fiscal year. 

Role
of our Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 

One
of the key functions of the Board is informed oversight of our risk management process. The Board does not anticipate having a
standing risk management committee, but rather anticipates administering this oversight function directly through our Board as
a whole, as well as through various standing committees of our Board that address risks inherent in their respective areas of
oversight. In particular, our Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure and our audit committee
has the responsibility to consider and discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management has to take to
monitor and control such exposures, including guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management
is undertaken. The audit committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Our compensation committee
also assesses and monitors whether our compensation plans, policies and programs comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

Committees
of Our Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee,
each of which has the composition and the responsibilities described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation
or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our board of directors.
Copies of each committee s charter will be posted on the investor relations section of our website at www.lipella.com . 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Drs. Yoshimura and Kim and Mr. Pruchnic.
Dr. Yoshimura serves as the chairperson of our nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition of our nominating
and corporate governance committee meets the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules
and regulations. Our nominating and corporate governance committee oversees and assists our board of directors in reviewing and
recommending nominees for election as directors and is responsible for, among other things: 

identifying, considering and recommending candidates
 for membership on our board of directors; 

developing and maintaining corporate governance
 policies applicable to us; 

overseeing the process of evaluating the performance
 of our board of directors; and 

advising our board of directors on other corporate
 governance matters. 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter which satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC
and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

70 

Audit
Committee 

The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Cohen and Pruchnic and Dr. Battleman. Dr. Battleman serves
as the chairperson of our audit committee. Dr. Battleman and Messrs. Cohen and Pruchnic each meet the requirements for independence
under the current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of our audit committee is financially literate.
In addition, our board of directors has determined that Mr. Cohen is an audit committee financial expert as defined
in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. This designation does not impose any duties,
obligations or liabilities that are greater than are generally imposed on members of our audit committee and our board of directors.
Our audit committee oversees our corporate accounting and financial reporting process, assists our board of directors in monitoring
our financial systems and is responsible for, among other things: 

our
 accounting and financial reporting processes and internal controls, including our financial
 statement audits and the integrity of our financial statements; 

our
 compliance with applicable laws (including U.S. federal securities laws and other legal
 and regulatory requirements); 

our
design, implementation and performance of the Company s internal control function; 

our
 policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management pertaining to the financial,
 accounting and tax matters of the Company; 

reviewing
and approving related person transactions; 

selecting
and hiring our registered independent public accounting firm; 

the
qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors; and 

the
preparation of the audit committee report to be included in our annual proxy statements. 

Our
audit committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our compensation committee are Drs. Yoshimura, Battleman and Kim. Dr. Kim serves as the chairperson of our
compensation committee. The composition of our compensation committee meets the requirements for independence under the current
Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of such committee is: (i) an outside director, as defined
pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and (ii) a non-employee
director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Our compensation committee oversees our compensation
policies, plans and benefits programs and is responsible for, among other things: 

evaluating,
 recommending, approving and reviewing executive officer and director compensation arrangements,
 plans, policies and programs; 

overseeing
 the Company s compensation policies, plans and benefit programs, and being responsible
 for the Company s overall compensation philosophy; 

administering
our cash-based and equity-based compensation plans; and 

making
 recommendations to our board of directors regarding any other board of director responsibilities
 relating to executive compensation. 

Our
compensation committee operates under a written charter which satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards
of Nasdaq. 

Director
Nomination Procedures 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

71 

Insider
Trading Arrangements and Policies 

We
have a written insider trading policy that applies to our directors, officers, employees and contractors, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions.
We intend to disclose future amendments to such policy, or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions or our
directors on our website identified above or in a current report on Form 8-K that we would file with the SEC. 

Our directors and executive officers may adopt written plans, known as Rule 10b5-1 plans,
in which they will contract with a broker to buy or sell shares of our Common Stock on a periodic basis. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan,
a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the director or officer when entering into the plan, without further
direction from them. The director or officer may amend a Rule 10b5-1 plan in some circumstances and may terminate
a plan at any time. Our directors and executive officers also may buy or sell additional shares outside of a Rule 10b5-1 plan
when they are not in possession of material nonpublic information subject to compliance with the terms of our insider trading policy.
Prior to 180 days after the date of the pricing of our initial public offering of the Company, subject to early termination,
the sale of any shares under such plans would be prohibited by the lock-up agreement that the director or officer has
entered into with the underwriters. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Our
named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which consist of our principal executive officer and the
next two most highly compensated executive officers, are: 

Jonathan
Kaufman, our Chief Executive Officer; 

Michael
Chancellor, our Chief Medical Officer; and 

Douglas
Johnston, our Chief Financial Officer 

Summary
Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth all plan and non-plan compensation for the last two fiscal years paid to individuals who served as
the Company s principal executive officers and the Company s two other most highly compensated executive officers
serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year, as required by Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K of
the Securities Act. We refer to these individuals collectively as our named executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock Awards 

Option 
Awards 
 (1) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Compensation 

Nonqualified 
 deferred 
 compensation 
 earnings 

All Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Jonathan Kaufman, 
 
 2022 

183,300 

183,300 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

183,300 

730,500 
 (2) 

913,800 

Michael Chancellor, 
 
 2022 

175,000 

175,000 

Chief Medical Officer 
 
 2021 

101,267 

730,500 
 (3) 

831,767 

Douglas Johnston, 
 
 2022 

67,500 

67,500 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

12,000 

12,000 

72 

(1) Amounts
 reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options granted to each named
 executive officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as computed in accordance
 with Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 718. 

(2) During
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted Dr. Kaufman stock options
 exercisable for up to an aggregate of 260,000 shares of Common Stock, of which (i) stock
 options exercisable for up to 100,000 shares of Common Stock have a grant date fair value
 of 2.825 per share (which stock options were granted in order to replace expired stock
 options previously held by Dr. Kaufman) and (ii) stock options exercisable for up to
 160,000 shares of Common Stock have a grant date fair value of 2.80 per share. 

(3) During
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted Dr. Chancellor stock options
 exercisable for up to an aggregate of 260,000 shares of Common Stock, of which (i) stock
 options exercisable for up to 100,000 shares of Common Stock have a grant date fair value
 of 2.825 per share (which stock options were granted in order to replace expired stock
 options previously held by Dr. Chancellor) and (ii) stock options exercisable for up
 to 160,000 shares of Common Stock have a grant date fair value of 2.80 per share. 

Employment
Agreements 

Jonathan
Kaufman 

On
July 17, 2020, Dr. Kaufman and the Company entered into an employment agreement appointing Dr. Kaufman as Chief Executive Officer
of the Company (the Kaufman Agreement ). The Kaufman Agreement establishes an employment term of two years beginning
on July 17, 2020, which term will be automatically extended for successive one-year periods unless either party notifies the other
party of its intention not to renew upon at least 90 days written notice prior to the applicable renewal date. The Kaufman
Agreement provides Dr. Kaufman with an annual base salary of 183,300. In addition, Dr. Kaufman may be entitled to receive equity
awards under the company s stock incentive plans, as well as reimbursement of business expenses and bonus compensation,
at the discretion of the board of directors, depending upon relevant factors, including but not limited to fundraising success,
continued ongoing grant revenue, successful progress in the clinic and the Company s financial position. The Kaufman Agreement
also provides that Dr. Kaufman will participate in employee benefits plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Kaufman Agreement, either party may terminate such agreement for any reason upon 90 days advance written notice.
In the event that Dr. Kaufman is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Dr. Kaufman Without Good Reason (as such terms are
defined in the Kaufman Agreement), Dr. Kaufman is entitled to any accrued but unpaid base salary, employee benefits and reimbursement
of unreimbursed expenses incurred until the date of termination. In the event that Dr. Kaufman is terminated by the Company for
Without Cause or by Dr. Kaufman for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Kaufman Agreement), Dr. Kaufman is entitled
to his base salary for six months following such date of termination and all unvested stock options held by Dr. Kaufman under
the Company s stock incentive plans will immediately vest. Additionally, in the event of termination without Cause by the
Company or for Good Reason by Dr. Kaufman within 12 months of a Change in Control (as defined in the Kaufman Agreement), Dr. Kaufman
is entitled to a receive a lump sum payment of two times the annual base salary within 60 days following such termination and
reimbursement for certain health insurance premium payments. 

Michael
Chancellor 

On
July 17, 2020, Dr. Chancellor and the Company entered into an employment agreement appointing Dr. Chancellor as Chief Medical
Officer of the Company (the Chancellor Agreement ). The Chancellor Agreement establishes an employment term of two
years beginning on July 17, 2020, which term will be automatically extended for successive one-year periods unless either party
notifies the other party of its intention not to renew upon at least 90 days written notice prior to the applicable renewal
date. The Chancellor Agreement provides that Dr. Chancellor was initially to be paid an annual base salary of 45,650, provided
that if the Company achieves adequate financial liquidity and net working capital in connection with a subsequent private offering,
such salary may be increased up to a maximum of 175,000. This amount is currently covered by federal grant revenue. In addition,
Dr. Chancellor may be entitled to receive equity awards under the Company s stock incentive plans, as well as reimbursement
of business expenses and bonus compensation at the discretion of the board of directors. The Chancellor Agreement also provides
that Dr. Chancellor will participate in employee benefits plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company. 

73 

Pursuant
to the Chancellor Agreement, either party may terminate such agreement for any reason upon 90 days advance written notice.
In the event that Dr. Chancellor is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Dr. Chancellor Without Good Reason (as such terms
are defined in the Chancellor Agreement), Dr. Chancellor is entitled to any accrued but unpaid base salary, employee benefits
and reimbursement of unreimbursed expenses incurred until the date of termination. In the event that Dr. Chancellor is terminated
by the Company for Without Cause or by Dr. Chancellor for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Chancellor Agreement),
Dr. Chancellor is entitled to his base salary for six months following such date of termination and all unvested stock options
held by Dr. Chancellor under the Company s stock incentive plans will immediately vest. Additionally, in the event of termination
without Cause by the Company or for Good Reason by Dr. Chancellor within 12 months of a Change in Control (as defined in the Chancellor
Agreement), Dr. Chancellor is entitled to a receive a lump sum payment of two times the annual base salary within 60 days following
such termination and reimbursement for certain health insurance premium payments. 

Douglas
Johnston 

Effective
November 1, 2022, Mr. Johnston and the Company entered into an employment agreement appointing Mr. Johnston as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company (the Johnston Agreement ). The Johnston Agreement establishes an employment term of two years
beginning on November 1, 2022, which term will be automatically extended for successive one-year periods unless either party notifies
the other party of its intention not to renew upon at least 90 days written notice prior to the applicable renewal date.
The Johnston Agreement provides that Mr. Johnston will be paid an annual base salary of 165,000. In addition, Mr. Johnston may
be entitled to receive equity awards under the Company s stock incentive plans, as well as reimbursement of business expenses
and bonus compensation at the discretion of the board of directors. The Johnston Agreement also provides that Mr. Johnston will
participate in employee benefits plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Johnston Agreement, either party may terminate such agreement for any reason upon 90 days advance written notice.
In the event that Mr. Johnston is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Mr. Johnston Without Good Reason (as such terms are
defined in the Johnston Agreement), Mr. Johnston is entitled to any accrued but unpaid base salary, employee benefits and reimbursement
of unreimbursed expenses incurred until the date of termination. In the event that Mr. Johnston is terminated by the Company for
Without Cause or by Mr. Johnston for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Johnston Agreement), Mr. Johnston is entitled
to his base salary for six months following such date of termination and all unvested stock options held by Mr. Johnston under
the Company s stock incentive plans will immediately vest. Additionally, in the event of termination without Cause by the
Company or for Good Reason by Mr. Johnston within 12 months of a Change in Control (as defined in the Johnston Agreement), Mr.
Johnston is entitled to a receive a lump sum payment of two times the annual base salary within 60 days following such termination
and reimbursement for certain health insurance premium payments. 

Stonewall
Finance, LLC, of which Mr. Johnston is a partner and co-founder, and the Company previously were party to an agreement, dated
October 14, 2021 and which terminated on October 22, 2022, pursuant to which Mr. Johnston had served and performed financial and
accounting services for the Company and pursuant to which Mr. Johnston received cash payments from the Company of 4,000 per month. 

74 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year End 

The following table provides information
relating to the vested and unvested option and stock awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. Each
award to each named executive officer is shown separately, with a footnote describing the award s vesting schedule. All amounts
reflect the reverse stock split that occurred on December 22, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Stock
 Awards 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Exercisable 
 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Unexercisable 
 
 Equity
 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 
 Option
 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 
 Option
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number
 
 of 
 Shares 
 or Units 
 of Stock 
 Unvested 
 
 Market
 
 Value 
 of 
 Shares 
 of Units 
 of Stock 
 Unvested 
 
 Equity
 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Unvested 
 Shares 
 
 Equity
 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market 
 or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Unvested Shares 

Jonathan Kaufman, 

100,000 
 (1) 
 5.00 
 
 3/31/2031 

Chief Executive Officer 

160,000 
 (2) 
 5.00 
 
 9/3/2031 

Michael Chancellor, 

100,000 
 (3) 
 5.00 
 
 3/31/2031 

Chief Medical Officer 

160,000 
 (4) 
 5.00 
 
 9/3/2031 

Douglas Johnston, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(1)
Such stock options exercisable for up to an aggregate of 100,000 shares of Common Stock were granted under the 2020 Plan
and were fully vested. 

(2)
Such stock options exercisable for up to an aggregate of 160,000 shares of Common Stock were granted under the 2020 Plan and vest
annually in equal installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant. 

(3)
Such stock options exercisable for up to an aggregate of 100,000 shares of Common Stock were granted under the 2020 Plan and were
fully vested upon the date of grant. 

(4)
Such stock options exercisable for up to an aggregate of 160,000 shares of Common Stock were granted under the 2020 Plan and vest
annually in equal installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant. 

75 

Director
Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 

There was no compensation earned by non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We have not implemented a formal policy with respect to compensation payable to our non-employee directors.
From time to time, we have granted equity awards to attract individuals to join our board of directors and for their continued
service thereon. We did not pay any compensation, to any of our non-employee directors in 2022. We plan to reimburse our directors
for expenses associated with attending meetings of our board of directors and its committees. Our board of directors is still in
the process of considering the non-employee director compensation policy. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our capital stock
as of March 27, 2023 by (a) each person, or group of
affiliated persons, who is known to us to own beneficially 5 or more of our outstanding equity securities; (b) each of our directors;
(c) each of our named executive officers; and (d) all of our named executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated in the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information provided to us, that all persons listed below have sole
voting power and investment power with respect to their shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that they beneficially
own, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership 
of any shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company that such person has the right to acquire within sixty
(60) days of March 27, 2023. For purposes of computing
the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company held by each person or group
of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days of March 27, 2023
is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. The inclusion herein of any shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company listed as beneficially owned
does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Unless otherwise identified, the address of our directors and executive
officers is 7800 Susquehanna Street, Suite 505, Pittsburgh, PA 15208. 

76 

Name of and Address of Beneficial Owner(1): 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Directors and executive officers 

Jonathan Kaufman (3) 
 1,188,943 
 19.0 
 
 Michael Chancellor (4) 
 1,232,731 
 19.7 
 
 Douglas Johnston 
 - 
 - 
 
 David Battleman (5) 
 114,000 
 1.9 
 
 Byong (Christopher) Kim (6) 
 10,000 

Ryan Pruchnic (7) 
 10,000 

Naoki Yoshimura (8) 
 14,000 

Daniel Cohen 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (8 persons) 
 2,569,673 
 37.3 

5 or greater stockholders: 

Leaf Huang (9) 
 555,557 
 9.7 
 
 Michele Gruber (10) 
 353,333 
 5.8 
 
 Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse (11) 
 295,020 
 5.1 

Less
than 1 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

(2) 
 Unless specified otherwise, the address of each of our directors and executive officers is c/o Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc., 7800 Susquehanna St., Suite 505, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 

(3) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of (i) 688,943 shares of Common Stock and
(ii) 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Kaufman. Such number of shares beneficially
owned does not include 140,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Kaufman, which will
not vest within 60 days from the date of this Report. Such stock options held by Dr. Kaufman are exercisable for shares of Common
Stock at prices ranging from 1.25 to 5.00 per share. 

(4) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of (i) 732,731 shares of Common Stock and
(ii) 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Chancellor. Such number of shares beneficially
owned does not include 140,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Chancellor, which
will not vest within 60 days from the date of this Report. Such stock options held by Dr. Chancellor are exercisable for shares
of Common Stock at prices ranging from 1.25 to 5.00 per share. 

(5) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of 114,000 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Battleman, which are exercisable for shares of Common Stock at prices ranging from
 1.25 to 5.00 per share. 

77 

(6) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of 10,000 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Kim, which are exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price of 5.00 per share. 

(7) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of 10,000 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Pruchnic, which are exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price of 5.00 per
share. 

(8) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of 14,000 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Yoshimura, which are exercisable for shares of Common Stock at prices ranging from
 1.25 to 5.00 per share. 

(9) 
 This information is as of December 31, 2022 and is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Leaf Huang with the SEC on February 9, 2023 (the Huang Schedule 13G ). In accordance with the disclosures set forth in The Huang Schedule 13G, Leaf Huang reports sole voting power over 555,556 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power over 555,556 shares of Common Stock. The percent owned is based on the calculation provided by Leaf Huang in The Huang Schedule 13G. Based on the information provided in the Huang Schedule 13G, the address of Leaf Huang is c/o Eshelman School of Pharmacy, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 301 Pharmacy Lane, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27599. 

(10) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of 353,333 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mrs. Gruber. Such number of shares beneficially owned does not include 6,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mrs. Gruber, which will not vest within 60 days from the date of this Report. Such stock options held by Mrs. Gruber are exercisable for shares of Common Stock at prices ranging from 1.25 to 5.00 per share. 

(11) 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned consists of 295,020 shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock previously held in connection with the IPO. Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse PLSG is overseen by a board of directors. None of the directors of that board of directors has sole voting or dispositive power with respect to the shares of Common Stock held by PLSG. PLSG s address is 2730 Sidney Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15203. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to Be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (3) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (3) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under the Plan (excluding securities reflected
in column (a) (3)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

1,114,667 

1.25 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2) 

939,333 

4.70 

460,667 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

2,054,000 

460,667 

(1) 
 Represents the shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated from time to time, the 2008 Plan ), which was approved by the Company s stockholders on March 6, 2009. The 2008 Plan terminated in accordance with its terms in 2018. An aggregate of 2,400,000 shares were authorized for issuance under the 2008 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase an aggregate of 1,114,667 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.25 per share were outstanding under the 2008 Plan. 

(2) 
 Represents the shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as
amended and restated from time to time, the 2020 Plan in July 2020, and the Board approved an amended and restated
version of the 2020 Plan on November 10, 2022, subject to stockholder approval which was subsequently obtained. An aggregate of
1,000,000 shares were originally authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan, and
after the amendment in 2022 and our reverse stock split in connection with the IPO, an aggregate of 1,400,000 shares have been
authorized under the 2020 Plan. As of March 27, 2023, options to purchase an aggregate of 939,333 shares of our Common Stock at
exercise prices ranging from 3.75 to 5.00 per share, with a weighted-average exercise price of 4.72 per share, were outstanding
under the 2020 Plan, with 460,667 shares of our Common Stock remaining available for future issuance. Unissued shares subject to
awards that expire, are forfeited, or are cancelled will again become available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

(3) 
 As of December 31, 2022. 

78 

Equity
Incentive Plans 

2008
Stock Incentive Plan 

Our
board of directors adopted and our stockholders approved the 2008 Plan in March 2008. The 2008 Plan terminated in accordance
with its terms in 2018; however, awards outstanding under the 2008 Plan continue to be governed by their existing terms. 

Share Reserve .
An aggregate of 2,400,000 shares were authorized for issuance under the 2008 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase
an aggregate of 1,114,667 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.25 per share were outstanding under the 2008 Plan. 

Administration .
Our board of directors, or a committee thereof, has administered the 2008 Plan since its adoption; however, following this Offering,
we intend for the compensation committee of our board of directors to administer the 2008 Plan to the extent such administration
is necessary in light of the termination of the 2008 Plan. 

Eligibility . Employees, officers,
members of our board of directors, consultants and advisors were eligible to participate in the 2008 Plan. However, only
employees were eligible to receive incentive stock options. 

Types
of Awards . The 2008 Plan provides for the following types of awards granted with respect to shares of our Common Stock: 

incentive and non-statutory
 stock options to purchase shares of our Common Stock; and 

direct award or
 sale of shares of our Common Stock, including restricted shares. 

Options. The
exercise price for options granted under the 2008 Plan is determined by our board of directors but may not be less than 100 of
the fair market value of our Common Stock on the grant date. Optionees may pay the exercise price in cash or cash equivalents
or by one, or any combination of, the following forms of payment, as permitted by: 

surrender of shares
 of Common Stock that the optionee already owns; 

delivery of a full-recourse
 promissory note, with the option shares pledged as security against the principal and accrued interest on the note; 

an immediate sale
 of the option shares through a company-approved broker, if the shares of our Common Stock are publicly traded; 

a number of vested
 shares subject to the option having an aggregate fair market value no greater than the aggregate exercise price, or the sum
 of such exercise price plus all or a portion of the minimum amount required to be withheld under applicable law; or 

other methods permitted
 by the DGCL. 

Options
Vest as Determined by the Board. In general, we have granted options that vest over a four-year period. Options expire at the
time determined by the board, but in no event more than ten years after they are granted, and generally expire earlier if the
optionee s service terminates. 

Restricted
Shares. Restricted shares may be awarded or sold under the 2008 Plan in return for cash or cash equivalents or, as permitted
by the board in its sole discretion, in exchange for services rendered to us, by delivery of a full-recourse promissory note or
through any other means permitted by applicable law. Restricted shares vest as determined by the board. 

79 

Corporate
Transactions. In the event that we are a party to a merger or consolidation or in the event of a sale of all or substantially
all of our stock or assets, awards granted under the 2008 Plan will be subject to the agreement governing such transaction or,
in the absence of such agreement, in the manner determined by the board. Such treatment may include, without limitation, one or
more of the following with respect to outstanding awards: 

the
continuation, assumption or substitution of an award by the surviving entity or its parent; 

cancellation
 of the vested portion of the award in exchange for a payment equal to the excess, if
 any, of the value of the shares subject to the award over any exercise price per share
 applicable to the award; 

cancellation
of the award without payment of any consideration; 

suspension
 of the optionee s right to exercise the option during a limited period of time
 preceding the completion of the transaction; or 

termination
 of any right the optionee has to exercise the option prior to vesting in the shares subject
 to the option. 

The
board is not obligated to treat all awards in the same manner. The board has the discretion, at any time, to provide that an award
under the 2008 Plan will vest on an accelerated basis in connection with a corporate transaction or to amend or modify an award
so long as such amendment or modification is not inconsistent with the terms of the 2008 Plan or would not result in the impairment
of a participant s rights without the participant s consent. 

Changes
in Capitalization. In the event of certain specified changes in the capital structure of our Common Stock, such as a
stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, reclassification or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares
of stock effective without receipt of consideration by us, proportionate adjustments will automatically be made in (i) each
of the number and kind of shares available for future grants under the 2008 Plan, (ii) the number and kind of shares covered
by each outstanding award, (iii) the exercise price per share subject to each outstanding option and (iv) any repurchase
price applicable to shares granted under the 2008 Plan. In the event of an extraordinary cash divided that has a material effect
on the fair market value of our Common Stock, a recapitalization, spin-off or other similar occurrence, the
board at its sole discretion may make appropriate adjustments to one or more of the items described above. 

Amendments
or Termination . Pursuant to the 2008 Plan, the administrator could amend, suspect or terminate the 2008 Plan, subject to stockholder
approval in the case of an amendment requiring stockholder approval under the Internal Revenue Code, any rule of a stock exchange
on which the Company s securities are listed or any other applicable law. The 2008 Plan was terminated pursuant to its terms
in 2018, but as noted above, awards outstanding under the 2008 Plan will remain outstanding and will continue to be governed by
the 2008 Plan and any outstanding related award agreements. 

2020
Stock Incentive Plan 

Our board of directors adopted and our stockholder approved the 2020 Plan in July 2020, and the Board
approved an amended and restated version of the 2020 Plan on November 10, 2022, subject to stockholder approval which was subsequently
obtained. The material terms of the 2020 Plan are summarized below and reflects such amended and restated version. 

Share Reserve . An aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock were originally authorized for issuance under the 2020
Plan. In 2022, the Board and Stockholders approved the amended and restated 2020 Plan, and we effected a reverse stock split in
connection with the IPO. As a result, an aggregate of 1,400,000 shares are
currently authorized. As of March 27, 2023, options to purchase an aggregate of 939,333 shares of our Common Stock at exercise
prices ranging from 3.75 to 5.00 per share, with a weighted-average exercise price of 4.72 per share, were outstanding under
the 2020 Plan, with 460,667 shares of our Common Stock remaining available for future issuance. Unissued shares subject to awards
that expire, are forfeited, or are cancelled will again become available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

80 

Administration. 
Our board of directors, or a committee thereof, has administered the 2020 Plan since its adoption; however,
following the IPO, the compensation committee of our board of directors has administered the 2020 Plan. Our compensation committee
has complete discretion to make all decisions relating to the 2020 Plan and outstanding awards. 

Eligibility. 
Key employees, directors and consultants and other persons who render services of special importance to our management, operation
or development are eligible to participate in the 2020 Plan. However, only employees are eligible to receive incentive stock options. 

Types
of Awards. The 2020 Plan provides for the following types of awards granted with respect to shares of our Common Stock: 

incentive
and non-statutory stock options to purchase shares of our Common Stock; 

stock
appreciation rights to purchase shares of our Common Stock; 

restricted
stock units to acquire our Common Stock; 

direct
award or sale of shares of our Common Stock, including restricted shares; and 

Other
Common Stock based awards. 

Options.
 The exercise price for options granted under the 2020 Plan is determined by our board of directors, but may not be less than
100 of the fair market value of our Common Stock on the grant date. Optionees may pay the exercise price in cash or cash equivalents
or by one, or any combination of, the following forms of payment, as permitted by the administrator in its sole discretion: 

surrender
of shares of Common Stock that the optionee already owns; 

delivery
 of a recourse promissory note, with the option shares pledged as security (along with
 other security as required by the board) against the principal and accrued interest on
 the note; 

an
 immediate sale of the option shares through a company-approved broker, if the shares
 of our Common Stock are publicly traded; 

surrendering
 a number of vested shares subject to the option having an aggregate fair market value
 no greater than the aggregate exercise price, or the sum of such exercise price plus
 all or a portion of the amount required to be withheld under applicable law; or 

other
methods permitted by the DGCL. 

Options
vest as determined by the administrator. In general, we have granted options that vest over a three-year period. Options expire
at the time determined by the board, but in no event more than ten years after they are granted, and generally expire earlier
if the optionee s service terminates. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights. 

The
exercise price for stock appreciation rights granted under the 2020 Plan is determined by our board, but may not be less than
100 of the fair market value of our Common Stock on the grant date. Stock appreciation rights may be settled in cash or our shares
of Common Stock, as determined by the board at the time of grant. A recipient may pay the exercise price in cash or cash equivalents
or by one, or any combination of, the following forms of payment, as permitted by the administrator in its sole discretion: 

surrender
of shares of Common Stock that the recipient already owns; 

delivery
 of a recourse promissory note, with the stock appreciation right shares pledged as security
 (along with other security as required by the board) against the principal and accrued
 interest on the note; 

81 

an
 immediate sale of the stock appreciation right shares through a company-approved broker,
 if the shares of our Common Stock are publicly traded; 

surrendering
 a number of vested shares subject to the stock appreciation right having an aggregate
 fair market value no greater than the aggregate exercise price, or the sum of such exercise
 price plus all or a portion of the amount required to be withheld under applicable law;
 or 

other
methods permitted by the DGCL. 

Stock
appreciation rights vest as determined by the administrator. We have not granted any stock appreciation rights under the 2020
Plan. 

Restricted
Stock Units. Restricted stock units (a promise to deliver a number of our shares of Common Stock at a future date) may be
awarded or sold under the 2020 Plan in return for cash or cash equivalents or, as permitted by the board in its sole discretion,
in exchange for services rendered to us. Restricted stock units may vest based on time or performance, as determined by the board.
We have not granted any restricted stock units under the 2020 Plan. 

Restricted
Shares. Restricted shares may be awarded or sold under the 2020 Plan in return for cash or cash equivalents or, as permitted
by the board in its sole discretion, in exchange for services rendered to us, by delivery of a full-recourse promissory note or
through any other means permitted by applicable law. Restricted shares may vest based on time or performance, as determined by
the board. 

Corporate
Transactions. If we (i) merge or consolidate with another entity and our Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for the
right to receive cash, securities or other property, or is cancelled, (ii) transfer or dispose of all of our Common Stock for
cash, securities or other property pursuant to a share exchange or other transaction, (iii) sell or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of our assets, or (iv) liquidate or dissolve (each, a Reorganization Event ), then the board may
provide for any combination of the following: 

the
 continuation, assumption or substitution of an award by the surviving entity or its parent
 (with or without similar vesting restrictions); 

after
 notice, provide for the accelerated vesting, exercisability and/or delivery, as applicable,
 immediately prior to the Reorganization Event and a lapse of the award upon occurrence
 of the Reorganization event; 

provide
 for a cash payment equivalent to what a holder of Common Stock would receive as a result
 of the Reorganization Event with respect to the vested portion of the award (less any
 exercise price or other amount paid, and any applicable withholdings) in exchange for
 a cancellation of the award; and/or; or 

in
 the event there is a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, provide that the vested
 portion of the award be converted into a right to receive liquidation proceeds (less
 any exercise price or other amount paid, and any applicable withholdings). 

The
board is not obligated to treat all awards in the same manner. The board has the discretion, at any time, to provide that an award
under the 2020 Plan will vest on an accelerated basis in connection with a corporate transaction or to amend or modify an award
so long as such amendment or modification is not inconsistent with the terms of the 2020 Plan or would not result in the impairment
of a participant s rights without the participant s consent. 

Amendments
or Termination. The board may at any time amend, suspect or terminate the 2020 Plan, subject to stockholder approval in the
case of an amendment requiring stockholder approval under the Internal Revenue Code, any rule of a stock exchange on which the
Company s securities are listed or any other applicable law. The 2020 Plan will terminate automatically ten years after
the date on which the most recent amendment and restatement of such plan became effective, unless terminated earlier pursuant
to its terms. 

82 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions
with Related Parties 

Other
than as described below, except compensation arrangements, since the past two fiscal years, there have been no transactions, whether
directly or indirectly, between us and any of the Company s officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5 of outstanding
shares of Common Stock or outstanding shares of a class of voting preferred stock, or their family members, that exceeded the
lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent (1 of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two
fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of any class of our
capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Jonathan Kaufman, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, has contributed an aggregate of 250,000
in cash to the Company to support its continued operations. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Parties 

We
have adopted a written related-person transactions policy that provides that our executive officers, directors, nominees for election
as a director, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our Common Stock and any members of the immediate family of the foregoing
persons, are not permitted to enter into a material related-person transaction with us without the review and approval of our
audit committee, or a committee composed solely of independent directors in the event it is inappropriate for our audit committee
to review such transaction due to a conflict of interest. Such policy provides that any request for us to enter into a transaction
with an executive officer, director, nominee for election as a director, beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock
or with any of their immediate family members or affiliates, in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 or
(ii) one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two fiscal years, will be presented
to our audit committee for review, consideration and approval. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, we expect that our
audit committee will consider the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the audit committee, including,
but not limited to, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third
party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. 

83 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Urish
Popeck Co., LLC is our independent registered public accounting firm and performed the audits of our consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table sets forth all fees billed or to be billed for
such periods: 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees (1) 

92,397 

64,630 

Audit-related fees (2) 

-- 

-- 

Tax fees (3) 

9,554 

6,208 

All other fees 

-- 

-- 

Total 

101,951 

70,838 

(1)
 Audit fees include fees for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated
financial statements, review of our quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements and advisory services on accounting
matters that were addressed during the annual audit and quarterly review. This category also includes fees for services that were
incurred in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, such as consents and review of documents filed with
the SEC. 

(2)
 Audit-related fees include fees billed for professional services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements including subscription for the online library of accounting research
literature and are not reported under Audit Fees . 

(3)
 Tax fees include fees for tax compliance. Tax compliance fees encompass a variety of permissible services, including
technical tax advice related to federal and state income tax matters, and assistance with tax audits. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Our
Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors prior to the engagement of
the independent auditors with respect to such services. The chairman of our Audit Committee has been delegated the authority by
such committee to pre-approve interim services by the independent auditors other than the annual audit. The chairman of our Audit
Committee must report all such pre-approvals to the entire Audit Committee at the next committee meeting. 

84 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

The
audited balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, the footnotes thereto, and the report of Urish Popeck 
Co., LLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, are filed herewith. 

(2) 
 Financial Schedules: 

None.
Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is included
in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

The
exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed with this Report or incorporated by reference into this Item 15(a)(3)
as part of this Report. 

(b) The
following are exhibits to this Report and, if incorporated by reference, we have indicated the document previously filed with
the SEC in which the exhibit was included. 

Certain
of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Report contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that
have been made solely for the benefit of such parties. These representations and warranties: 

may have been qualified
 by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures
 are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may apply standards of materiality that differ
 from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were made only as
 of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and
warranties were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

85 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1(i)(a) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 3.1(i)(b) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 3.1(i)(c) 
 
 Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 3.1(ii) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant, (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Jonathan Kaufman, effective as of July 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael Chancellor, effective as of July 17, 2020, (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Douglas Johnston, entered into on November 9, 2022 and effective as of November 1, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Form of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Form of Option Agreement for Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Lease dated June 1, 2019 between Bridgeway Development Corporation and Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Lease Agreement between Bridgeway Development Corporation and Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. dated July 2, 2020, (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Note Cancellation and Stock Purchase Agreement between Dr. Michael Chancellor and Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc, (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 1, 2022, by and between Jonathan Kaufman and Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, by and between Young Partners LLC and Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

+
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

# The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to be furnished with this Report
and will not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the
registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

86 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Lipella
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan Kaufman 

Name: Jonathan Kaufman 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Johnston 

Name: Douglas Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan Kaufman 

Jonathan Kaufman 

Director 

Date: 
 March 31,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Chancellor 

Michael Chancellor 

Director 

Date: 
 March 31,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Battleman 

David Battleman 

Director 

Date: 
 March 31,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Byong
 (Christopher) Kim 

Byong (Christopher)
 Kim 

Director 

Date: 
 March 31,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan
 Pruchnic 

Ryan Pruchnic 

Director 

Date: 
 March 31,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Naoki Yoshimura 

Naoki Yoshimura 

Director 

Date: 

March 31, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Daniel Cohen 

Daniel Cohen 

 Director 

87 

LIPELLA
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Audited Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Stockholders
and Board of Directors 

 Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 Pittsburgh,
PA 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of
operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020. 

/s/

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Grants receivable 

Short term investments 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Payroll liability 

Notes payable, current 

Related party loan 

Related party interest 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Related party interest, net of current portion 

Related party loan, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Convertible preferred stock,
 par value; shares authorized; - - and shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common
 stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

All
per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split that occurred on December
19, 2022. See Note 1 for more information. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Grant revenues 

Contract revenues 

Total revenues 

Cost and expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 

Interest income 

Interest expense related party 

Total other income/(expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Loss 

Loss per common share 

Basic 

Dillutive 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Dillutive 

All
per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split that occurred on December
19, 2022. See Note 1 for more information. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 Statements
of Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Share based compensation 

Issuance of common stock in Private Placement, net issuance costs 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Share based compensation 

Conversion of Series A Preferred stock to Common Stock 

Conversion of Related party notes to Common Stock 

Issuance of Common Stock, net issuance costs 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

All
per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split that occurred on December
19, 2022. See Note 1 for more information. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

The year ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 
provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Forgiveness of debt 

Non-cash stock option expense 

Interest expense related party net (non-cash) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Operating right of use asset 

Grants receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Payroll liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities: 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Proceeds from note payable 

Proceeds from note payable, related party 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents 

Cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash, and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest Paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Issuance of common stock for forgiveness of related party note 

Exercise of common stock options for consulting services 

All
per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split that occurred on December
19, 2022. See Note 1 for more information. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

and ,
respectively. Since inception, the Company has incurred losses and has an accumulated deficit of at December 31, 2022.
At December 31, 2022, the Company had available cash and cash equivalents of and a net working capital
of . The Company anticipates operating losses to continue for the foreseeable future due to, among other things, costs
related to research, development of our product candidates, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and our administrative
organization. Management s plans with respect to operations include the sustained and aggressive developing and marketing
of pharmaceutical products both domestically and abroad, and raising additional capital through sales of equity securities as may
be necessary to pursue our business plans and sustain operations until such time as the Company can achieve profitability. These
funds, and our funds available under existing government contracts, should be sufficient to enable us to meet our obligations as
they come due for at least the next twelve months from the issuance date of these financial statements. 

If
we are unable to obtain additional capital (which is not assured at this time), our long-term business plan may not be accomplished,
and we may be forced to curtail or cease operations. These factors individually and collectively raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result
from this uncertainty. 

were fully depreciated. Therefore, depreciation
expense was for both periods. 

Recognition
of revenue is driven by satisfaction of the performance obligations using one of two methods: revenue is either recognized over
time or at a point in time. Revenue is generally recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied, which generally occurs
when control of the goods or services have been transferred to the customer or once the customer is able to use those goods and/or
services as well as obtaining substantially all of its benefits. 

The Company primarily
generates contract revenue under the following types of contracts: 

Fixed-fee 

Under a fixed-fee contract, the Company
charges a fixed agreed upon amount for a deliverable. Fixed-fee contracts have fixed deliverables upon completion of the project.
Typically, the Company recognizes revenue for fixed-fee contracts as delivery is made and title transfers to the customer, and
collection is reasonably assured. 

Time and materials 

Under a time and materials contract, the Company charges
customers a hourly rate plus reimbursement for other project specific costs. The Company recognizes revenue for time and
material contracts based on the number of hours devoted to the project multiplied by the customer s billing rate plus other
project specific costs incurred. 

Payment terms vary, but are generally due within 60 ays 

contract assets
related to contract revenues. 

contract liabilities related to contract revenues. 

shares to shares. This had a corresponding increase in the loss per share of common
stock from per share to per share. 

Shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
 of warrants 

Shares of common
 stock issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock 

Common stock equivalent shares excluded from
 diluted net loss per share 

Corporate
 bonds 

Money
 market funds 

Total
 Cash equivalents 

Marketable Securities 

Commercial
 Paper 

Corporate
 bonds 

Total
 Marketable Securities 

Total Cash equivalents and marketable securities 

Corporate bonds
 (due within one year) 

() 

Total 

() 

of prepaid insurance, and of prepaid consulting expense. At
December 31, 2021, prepaid expenses consisted of of prepaid insurance, of prepaid rent, and of prepaid
costs of issuance related to future equity issuance. 

in professional service expenses and costs of equity, and in
accrued clinical expenses related to our clinical research trials. At December 31, 2021, accrued expenses consisted of 
in accrued professional expenses, and in accrued clinical expenses. 

were converted to equity in the of 
shares of Common Stock in December 2022. 

In October and November 2022, the Company received cash contributions of and , respectively,
from Dr. Jonathan Kaufman, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, to support its continued operations. In consideration
for such contributions, the Company issued Mr. Kaufman a note payable due within one year with an aggregate face value of . 

11/22/09 

Current 

January 25, 2015 Chancellor Note) 

01/24/25 

Long Term 

November
 1, 2022 (Kaufman Note) 

06/30/23 

Current 

Total 

which
was due upon demand. The letter of credit was collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets and personally
guaranteed by Dr. Jonathan Kaufman, our co-founder and chief executive officer. The outstanding advances under the line of credit
bear interest at the lending bank s prime rate plus . The outstanding balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the note was paid in full in February 2023. 

on the terms and conditions
contained in the loan agreements, including such terms and conditions related to the forgiveness of the loans and the guaranty
by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), an agency of the Government of the United States, under the PPP.
Interest on the loan is charged at and principal and interest payments were to begin seven months from the date of the loan. 

The
Company also received in the form of an Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) under a pre-existing Small Business Administration
loan program. The amount came as an advance and may be repayable as the Company opted out of a loan. 

On
November 18, 2021, the entire balance outstanding under the Company s PPP loan was forgiven. In addition, the entire balance
outstanding under the Company s EIDL was also forgiven. The total forgiven amount for these items was 57,040 and included
in other income in the accompanying statements of operations. The balance of the loans was at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares. This number
is comprised of options already issued and outstanding (non-expired) from the 2008 stock option plan, and options
as the maximum issuable under the 2020 stock option plan. Incentive Stock Options are granted with an exercise price determined
by the board. Unless otherwise provided for in an associated board consent, vesting terminates once the optionee is no longer affiliated
with the Company. These options generally expire 10 years from the date of the grant. Stock Options are granted with an exercise
price not less than the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of the grant. Unless otherwise specified by
the board, all grants vest fully over a three-year period, provided that the employee continues to be employed. Vesting terminates
once the optionee is no longer an employee. If an employee leaves the Company prior to fully vesting their option awards, the remaining
unvested portion is considered forfeited, and the earlier recognition of the unvested shares is reversed during the period of forfeiture.
As of December 31, 2022 there were unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements
granted to be recognized over the weighted average period of approximately three 3 years. 

The
Company recognized of compensation costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and of compensation costs for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

6.44 

Granted 

9.45 

Expired 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Exercised 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

6.61 

Granted 

9.16 

Expired 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

5.51 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable
 as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Expired 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Expired 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock
Option Grants - During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued stock options on the following dates: 

On
March 1, 2021 the Company granted options at a strike price. of these stock options vested immediately and
 vest annually over a three -year period (or upon a change in control). 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company granted stock options at a strike price. of these stock options vested immediately
and vest annually over a three -year period (or upon a change in control). 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company issued stock options at a strike price. of these stock options vested immediately
and vest annually over a three -year period (or upon a change in control). 

On March 1, 2022, the
Company issued stock options at a strike price, which vested immediately upon issuance. 

Stock
Option Exercises - On September 1, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise
of options having a per share exercise price. The 8,334 exercise price has been paid via a 12 -month service contract. The
unearned portion, , of this contract was recorded as a prepaid expense at December 31, 2020 and was amortized through August
2021. The balance was at December 31, 2021. 

Expected volatility 

Expected life
 (in years) 

10 

10 

Risk-free interest
 rate (range) 

- 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ranks prior,
with respect to dividend rights and rights upon a liquidation event, to all common stock and any other series of preferred stock
which is junior to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Upon any matter submitted to the shareholders of the Company for a vote,
each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to the number of votes as is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the time of such vote. The Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock is not entitled to any mandatory dividends. 

The
Company issued shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at per share over a period beginning September 2008
through June 2013, for gross proceeds of . The implied price of the Series A issuance, 0.5232 per share, is per
share less than offering price. This difference is associated with the conversion terms of three debt instruments issued
from June 2006 through April 2008 that had total face value of , and converted into a total of of the 1,592,447
shares, which imputes the additional to interest and/or conversion discounts. In addition, face value of the
debt instruments had associated warrants. All consideration upon the issuance of convertible debt plus warrants was imputed to
the debt component leaving the associated warrants having no value. All note-associated warrants have expired. 

The
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis. In the event of the liquidation or
dissolution of the Company, the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive the greater of 0.60
per share, representing a liquidation preference of and , respectively for the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is not entitled to dividends, and
is not considered participating preferred, meaning converted securities are not entitled to a liquidation preference,
and if a liquidation preference has been taken, the associated security interest is dissolved. 

If
upon a liquidation event, the assets of the Company available for distribution are insufficient to pay the holders of the Series
A Preferred Convertible Stock, the full amount as to which they are entitled, then the entire amount available will be distributed
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Convertible Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would have
been payable on such shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Stock if the amounts were paid in full. If after the holders of
Series A Preferred Convertible Stock holders have been paid in full, the holders of our Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022 and prior to the Stock Split, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Convertible
Stock were converted to Common Stock on a 1:1 basis, which after the effect of the Stock Split resulted in 636,979 shares of common
stock. There was no Series A Preferred Convertible Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share. On December 19, 2022, a reverse stock split the Stock
Split was effected, with a 2.5 to 1 share conversion ratio for all shares of common stock outstanding. The Company s
outstanding share and per share amounts in these financial statements have been adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split, for
all periods presented. There were approximately shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and
there were approximately shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in forgiveness of two
related party notes, along with accrued interest on the notes, with a value of . See Note 7 for more information. On December
22, 2022, we completed an initial public offering IPO and listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share shares (our Common Stock at a price to the public of per
share, which resulted in issuance of an additional shares. The aggregate net proceeds from the IPO were approximately
 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of and offering expenses of approximately . 

Approximately
 shares of common stock were issued in 2021 for approximately million per share) less issuance costs of 790,000
(composed of in securities filing fees, in professional fees, in placement fees, and in consulting
fees associated with the placement). 

The
holders of Common Stock had been subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.
Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Company the holders of common stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Company
available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any preferential rights of any then outstanding Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

warrants convertible into an equal number of shares of common stock were issued.
The warrants have a 5 -year expiration to purchase one share of common stock at a 5.00 per share. See Note 12 regarding the issuance
of these warrants. The Company had no warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 16 

2024 

2025 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

() 
 
 Present value of
 minimum lease payments 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has of operating lease ROU assets, and and
 of current and non-current lease liabilities, respectively, recorded on the balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021,
the Company had an ROU asset of , and current and non-current operating lease liabilities of and respectively.
The lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Contract
Commitments 

The
Company enters into contracts in the normal course of business with CROs, CMOs, universities, and other third parties for preclinical
research studies, clinical trials and testing and manufacturing services. These contracts generally do not contain minimum purchase
commitments and are cancelable by us upon prior written notice although, purchase orders for clinical materials are generally
non-cancelable. Payments due upon cancellation consist only of payments for services provided or expenses incurred, including
non-cancelable obligations of our service providers, up to the date of cancellation or upon the completion of a manufacturing
run. 

Partnering
Commitments 

In February 2022,
the Company entered into an agreement whereby it partnered with an advisor to assist with potential transactions. 

. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards generated
after 2017 of approximately that have an indefinite life, but with usage limited to 80 of taxable income in any given
year included in the aforementioned totals. State net operating loss carryforwards may be used to reduce future taxable income
and tax liabilities and will expire at various dates between 2029 and 2040. 

Interest on related
 party note 

Stock Option Expense 

R D Expense 

Other 

Subtotal 

Valuation
 allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 

Because
of our cumulative losses, substantially all the deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. We have not
paid income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Non-deductible parking expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Effective tax rate 

The
change in the valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was an increase of 1,409,555 and an increase of
 , respectively. 

The
Company s 2018 through 2021 tax years remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service for federal tax purposes
and the State of Pennsylvania. 

F- 18 

<EX-3.1IA>
 2
 g083446_ex3-1ia.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1IA

Exhibit 3.1(i)(a) 

State
 of Delaware 
 Secretary
 of State 

 Division
of Corporations 

 Delivered
01:25 PM 12/19/2022 

 FILED
01:25 PM 12/19/2022 

 SR
20224308880 - File Number 3925021 

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE INCORPORATION 
OF 
LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ),
hereby certifies as follows: 

ONE: The
name of the Corporation is Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., which was the name under which the Corporation was originally incorporated.
The date of the filing of the original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware was February 15, 2005, as amended and restated by that amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the Corporation,
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 12, 2008. 

TWO: This
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which restates, integrates and further amends the certificate of incorporation,
as amended and restated to date, of the Corporation, has been duly adopted by the Corporation in accordance with Sections 242
and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and has been adopted by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of the Corporation, acting by written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Section 228 of
the DGCL. 

THREE:
 The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated to date, is hereby amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows: 

I. 

The
name of the corporation is Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (hereinafter called the Corporation ). 

II. 

The
address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 108 West 13 th Street, in the City of
Wilmington, Delaware, County of New Castle, Zip Code 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware at such address is Business Filings Incorporated. 

III. 

The
purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized and incorporated
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any applicable successor act thereto, as the same may be amended
from time to time (the DGCL ). 

IV. 

(A) The
 total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is
 220,000,000 shares, of which (i) 200,000,000 shares shall be a class designated as common
 stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and (ii)
 20,000,000 shares shall be a class designated as undesignated preferred stock, par value
 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). Subject to the rights of
 the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the number of authorized shares of any
 of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the
 number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of
 a majority in voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon
 irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL, and no vote of the holders
 of any of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be required
 therefor. 

(B) Common
 Stock . The powers, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special
 rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Common Stock are
 as follows: 

(1) Ranking .
 The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common Stock are subject
 to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock of any series as
 may be designated by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any series. 

(2) Voting .
 Except as otherwise provided by law or by the resolution or resolutions providing for
 the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Common
 Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election and removal of directors
 and for all other purposes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Second Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended from time to time, including the
 terms of any Preferred Stock Designation (as defined below) (this Certificate
 of Incorporation to the contrary, the holders of Common Stock shall not be
 entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any
 Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding
 series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either
 separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series,
 to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred
 Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(3) Dividends .
 Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Common
 Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and distributions and other distributions
 in cash, stock or property of the Corporation when, as and if declared thereon by the
 Board from time to time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor. 

2 

(4) Liquidation .
 Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, shares of Common Stock shall
 be entitled to receive the assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution
 in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation,
 whether voluntary or involuntary. A liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs
 of the Corporation, as such terms are used in this Section (B)(4), shall not be deemed
 to be occasioned by or to include any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with
 or into any other person or a sale, lease, exchange or conveyance of all or a part of
 its assets. 

(C) Preferred
 Stock . Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
 The Board is hereby authorized to provide by resolution or resolutions from time to time
 for the issuance, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, of one or more series
 of Preferred Stock, without stockholder approval, by filing a certificate pursuant to
 the DGCL and any other applicable law of the State of Delaware (the Preferred
 Stock Designation ), setting forth such resolution and, with respect to each
 such series, establishing the number of shares to be included in such series, and fixing
 the voting powers, full or limited, or no voting power of the shares of such series,
 and the designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
 rights, if any, of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations
 or restrictions thereof. The powers, designation, preferences and relative, participating,
 optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other
 series at any time outstanding. The authority of the Board with respect to each series
 of Preferred Stock shall include, but not be limited to, the determination of the following: 

(1) the
 designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title; 

(2) the
 number of shares of the series, which number the Board may thereafter (except where otherwise
 provided in the Preferred Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the
 number of shares thereof then outstanding); 

(3) the
 amounts or rates at which dividends will be payable on, and the preferences, if any,
 of shares of the series in respect of dividends, and whether such dividends, if any,
 shall be cumulative or noncumulative; 

(4) the
 dates on which dividends, if any, shall be payable; 

(5) the
 redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series; 

3 

(6) the
 terms and amount of any sinking fund, if any, provided for the purchase or redemption
 of shares of the series; 

(7) the
 amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of shares of the series in the event
 of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs
 of the Corporation; 

(8) whether
 the shares of the series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for, shares of any
 other class or series, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation,
 and, if so, the specification of such other class or series or such other security, the
 conversion or exchange price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the
 date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other
 terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange may be made; 

(9) restrictions
 on the issuance of shares of the same series or any other class or series; 

(10) the
 voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series generally or upon specified
 events; and 

(11) any
 other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights
 of each series of Preferred Stock, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions
 of such shares, 

all
as may be determined from time to time by the Board and stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of
such Preferred Stock. 

Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the resolutions providing for issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide
that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to any other series of Preferred Stock to the extent permitted
by law. 

V. 

For
the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and
regulation of the powers of the Corporation, of its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be,
it is further provided that: 

(A) The
 management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be
 vested in the Board. The number of directors that shall constitute the Board shall be
 fixed exclusively by resolutions adopted by a majority of the authorized number of directors
 constituting the Board. 

(B) Subject
 to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors
 under specified circumstances, each director shall serve for a term expiring on the date
 of the first annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting of stockholders
 at which such director was elected; provided further, that the term of each director
 shall continue until the election and qualification of his or her successor and be subject
 to his or her earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. 

4 

(C) Subject
 to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may be designated from time to time
 to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, neither the Board nor any
 individual director may be removed without cause. Subject to any limitations imposed
 by applicable law, any individual director or directors may be removed with cause by
 the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding
 shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally at an election
 of directors, voting together as a single class. 

(D) Subject
 to any limitations imposed by applicable law and subject to the rights of the holders
 of any series of Preferred Stock that may be designated from time to time, any vacancies
 on the Board resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes
 and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors,
 shall, unless the Board determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created
 directorships shall be filled by the stockholders and except as otherwise provided by
 applicable law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
 then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board, and not by the stockholders.
 Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for
 the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred
 and until such director s successor shall have been elected and qualified 

(E) The
 Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Amended and Restated Bylaws
 of the Corporation (the Bylaws ). Any adoption, amendment or repeal
 of the Bylaws by the Board shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized
 number of directors. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal
 the Bylaws; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the
 holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this
 Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative
 vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding
 shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
 of directors, voting together as a single class. 

(F) The
 directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws
 so provide. 

(G) No
 action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at an annual or special
 meeting of stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws. No action shall be taken
 by the stockholders of the Corporation by written consent or electronic transmission. 

5 

(H) Advance
 notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be
 brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall
 be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

VI. 

(A) The
 liability of a director of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to
 the fullest extent under applicable law. 

(B) To
 the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide
 indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of
 the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation
 to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or
 other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise in excess
 of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by such applicable law. If
 applicable law is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article VI
 to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability
 of directors, then the liability of a director to the Corporation shall be eliminated
 or limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as so amended. 

(C) Any
 repeal or modification of this Article VI shall only be prospective and shall not
 affect the rights or protections or increase the liability of any director under this
 Article VI in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any act or omission
 to act giving rise to liability or indemnification. 

VII. 

(A) Unless
 the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court
 of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the
 State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the
 State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction,
 the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom
 shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following claims or causes of action under
 the Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative claim or cause of action
 brought on behalf of the Corporation; (ii) any claim or cause of action for breach
 of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee
 of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders; (iii) any
 claim or cause of action against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer
 or other employee of the Corporation, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of
 the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as each may be amended from
 time to time); (iv) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce
 or determine the validity of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as each
 may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder);
 (v) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the
 Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any claim or cause of action
 against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or other employee
 of the Corporation governed by the internal-affairs doctrine or otherwise related to
 the Corporation s internal affairs, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted
 by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties
 named as defendants. This Section A of Article VII shall not apply to claims or
 causes of action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or any other claim for
 which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. 

6 

(B) Unless
 the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the
 fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States
 of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting
 a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act, including all causes of action asserted
 against any defendant named in such complaint, and the federal district courts of the
 United States of America shall have concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts
 over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act
 or the rules and regulations thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is
 intended to benefit and may be enforced by the Corporation, its officers and directors,
 the underwriters for any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional
 entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity
 and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. 

(C) Any
 person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security
 of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions
 of this Certificate of Incorporation. 

VIII. 

(A) The
 Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained
 in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute,
 except as provided in Section B of this Article VIII, and all rights conferred upon
 the stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 

7 

(B) Notwithstanding
 any other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law which
 might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote
 of the holders of any particular class or series of the Corporation required by law or
 by this Certificate of Incorporation or any certificate of designation filed with the
 Secretary of State of the State of Delaware respect to a series of Preferred Stock that
 may be designated from time to time, subject to the rights of the holders of any series
 of Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power
 of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of
 directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to waive, alter, amend
 or repeal (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) Articles V, VI, VII and VIII
 of this Certificate of Incorporation. 

Four: This
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted and approved by the Board of Directors and by written
consent of the stockholders in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL and written notice of such action has
been given as provided in Section 228 of the DGCL. 

Five:
 This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be as of 1:30 p.m. E.T on December 19, 2022. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as of this 19 th
 day of December, 2022. 

LIPELLA
 PHARMAEUTICALS INC. 

By: /s/
 Jonathan Kaufman 
 
 Name: Jonathan
 Kaufman 
 
 Title: Chief
 Executive Officer 

9 

</EX-3.1IA>

<EX-3.1IB>
 3
 g083446_ex3-1ib.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1IB

Exhibit 3.1(i)(b) 

</EX-3.1IB>

<EX-3.1IC>
 4
 g083446_ex3-1ic.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1IC

Exhibit 3.1(i)(c) 

</EX-3.1IC>

<EX-3.1II>
 5
 g083446_ex3-1ii.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1II

Exhibit 3.1(ii) 

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS 
 OF 
 Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 (the Corporation 

Article
I 
Offices 

Section
1.01. Registered Office. The
registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. 

Section
1.02. Other Offices. The
Corporation shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Corporation s
Board of Directors (the Board of Directors ), and may also have offices at such other places, both within
and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation
may require. 

Article
II 
Corporate Seal 

Section
2.01. Corporate Seal. The
Board of Directors may, but is not required to, adopt a corporate seal. The corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the
name of the Corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile
thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

Article
III 
Stockholders Meetings 

Section
3.01. Place of Meetings. 

(a) 
Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as
may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that
the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under
the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 

Section
3.02. Annual Meetings. 

(a) 
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business
as may properly come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board
of Directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to
be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders: (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice
of meeting of stockholders (with respect to business other than nominations); (ii) brought specifically by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors; or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving
the stockholder s notice provided for in Section 3.02(b) of these Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ),
who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.02. The number
of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at an annual meeting of stockholders (or in the case of a stockholder giving
notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on
behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. For the avoidance of
doubt, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and submit other business (other
than matters properly included in the Corporation s notice of meeting of stockholders and proxy statement under Rule 14a-8
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the 1934 Act ))
before an annual meeting of stockholders. 

(b) 
At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as is a proper matter for stockholder action under
Delaware law and as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. 

(i) 
For nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant
to clause (iii) of Section 3.02(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.02(b)(iii) of these Bylaws and must update and
supplement such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.02(c) of these Bylaws. Such stockholder s notice
shall set forth: (A) as to each nominee such stockholder proposes to nominate at the meeting: (1) the name, age, business address
and residence address of such nominee; (2) the principal occupation or employment of such nominee; (3) the class and number of
shares of each class of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by such nominee; (4) the date
or dates on which such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition; (5) with respect to each nominee for
election or re-election to the Board of Directors, include a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement
required by Section 3.02(e) of these Bylaws; and (6) such other information concerning such nominee as would be required to be
disclosed in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even
if an election contest is not involved), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such person s written consent to being named as a nominee
and to serving as a director if elected); and (B) the information required by Section 3.02(b)(iv) of these Bylaws. The Corporation
may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of
such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s
understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee. 

2 

(ii) 
Other than proposals sought to be included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14(a)-8 under the 1934
Act, for business other than nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting
by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 3.02(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the
Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.02(b)(iii) of these
Bylaws, and must update and supplement such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.02(c) of these Bylaws.
Such stockholder s notice shall set forth: (A) as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting,
a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the
meeting, and any material interest (including any anticipated benefit of such business to any Proponent (as defined below) other
than solely as a result of its ownership of the Corporation s capital stock, that is material to any Proponent individually,
or to the Proponents in the aggregate) in such business of any Proponent; and (B) the information required by Section 3.02(b)(iv)
of these Bylaws. 

(iii) 
To be timely, the written notice required by Section 3.02(b)(i) or Section 3.02(b)(ii) of these Bylaws must be received by the
Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier
than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided,
however, that, subject to the last sentence of this Section 3.02(b)(iii), in the event that the date of the annual meeting is
advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual
meeting, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not
earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the
later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of such annual
meeting was mailed or public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall
an adjournment or a postponement of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has
been made, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described
above. 

3 

(iv) 
The written notice required by Section 3.02(b)(i) or Section 3.02(b)(ii) of these Bylaws shall also set forth, as of the date
of the notice and as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or
proposal is made (each, a Proponent and collectively, the Proponents ): (A) the name
and address of each Proponent, as they appear on the Corporation s books; (B) the class, series and number of shares of
the Corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by each Proponent; (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or
understanding (whether oral or in writing) with respect to such nomination or proposal between or among any Proponent and any
of its affiliates or associates, and any others (including their names) acting in concert, or otherwise under the agreement, arrangement
or understanding, with any of the foregoing; (D) a representation that the Proponents are holders of record or beneficial owners,
as the case may be, of shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting and intend to appear in person or by proxy at
the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 3.02(b)(i) of these
Bylaws) or to propose the business that is specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 3.02(b)(ii) of these
Bylaws); (E) a representation as to whether the Proponents intend to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of
a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation s voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (with respect to a notice
under Section 3.02(b)(i) of these Bylaws) or to carry such proposal (with respect to a notice under Section 3.02(b)(ii) of these
Bylaws); (F) to the extent known by any Proponent, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the proposal on the
date of such stockholder s notice; and (G) a description of all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) by each Proponent
during the previous 12-month period, including the date of the transactions and the class, series and number of securities involved
in, and the material economic terms of, such Derivative Transactions. 

For
purposes of Sections 3.02 and 3.03 of these Bylaws, a Derivative Transaction means any agreement, arrangement, interest
or understanding entered into by, or on behalf or for the benefit of, any Proponent or any of its affiliates or associates, whether
record or beneficial: 

A. 
the value of which is derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares or other securities of the Corporation; 

B. 
which otherwise provides any direct or indirect opportunity to gain or share in any gain derived from a change in the value of
securities of the Corporation; 

C. 
the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from security value or price changes; or 

4 

D. 
which provides the right to vote or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proponent, or any of its affiliates or associates,
with respect to any securities of the Corporation, 

which
agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding may include, without limitation, any option, warrant, debt position, note, bond,
convertible security, swap, stock appreciation right, short position, profit interest, hedge, right to dividends, voting agreement,
performance-related fee or arrangement to borrow or lend shares (whether or not subject to payment, settlement, exercise or conversion
in any such class or series), and any proportionate interest of such Proponent in the securities of the Corporation held by any
general or limited partnership, or any limited liability company, of which such Proponent is, directly or indirectly, a general
partner or managing member. 

(c) 
A stockholder providing written notice required by Section 3.02(b)(i) or (ii) of these Bylaws shall update and supplement such
notice in writing, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct
in all material respects as of (i) the record date for the meeting and (ii) the date that is five business days prior to the meeting
and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting.
In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 3.02(c), such update and supplement shall be received
by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date
for the meeting. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 3.02(c), such update and supplement
shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than two business days prior
to the date for the meeting, and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, two business days prior to such adjourned
or postponed meeting. 

(d) 
To be eligible to be a nominee for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation pursuant to a nomination under clause
(iii) of Section 3.02(a) of these Bylaws, such proposed nominee or a person on such proposed nominee s behalf must deliver
(in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 3.02(b)(iii) or 3.02(d) of these Bylaws,
as applicable) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire with respect to
the background and qualification of such proposed nominee and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the
nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation
and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (i) is not and will not become a party
to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity
as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting
Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation in the questionnaire or (B) any Voting Commitment that could
limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person s
fiduciary duties under applicable law; (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification
in connection with service or action as a director of the Corporation that has not been disclosed therein; and (iii) in such person s
individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance,
if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with, all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict
of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation. 

5 

(e) 
A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director unless the person is nominated either in accordance with
clause (ii) of Section 3.02(a) of these Bylaws, or in accordance with clause (iii) of Section 3.02(a) of these Bylaws. Except
as otherwise required by law, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any
business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures
set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, or the Proponent
does not act in accordance with the representations in Section 3.02(b)(iv)(D) of these Bylaws, to declare that such proposal or
nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies
in respect of such nominations or such business may have been solicited or received. 

(f) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.02, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal
in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholders meeting, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable
requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights
of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the
1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not
intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals and/or nominations to be considered pursuant to Section
3.02(a)(iii) of these Bylaws. 

(g) 
For purposes of Sections 3.02 and 3.03 of these Bylaws, 

(i) 
 public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated
Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act; and 

6 

(ii) 
 affiliates and associates shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ). 

Section
3.03. Special Meetings. 

(a) 
Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action
under Delaware law, by (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) the Board of Directors
pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies
in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption). 

(b) 
The Board of Directors shall determine the time and place, if any, of such special meeting. Upon determination of the time and
place, if any, of the meeting, the Secretary shall cause a notice of meeting to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote,
in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.04 of these Bylaws. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise
than specified in the notice of meeting. 

(c) 
Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors
are to be elected (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a
stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in this paragraph, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting
and who delivers written notice to the Secretary of the Corporation setting forth the information required by Section 3.02(b)(i)
of these Bylaws. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more
directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder of record may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for
election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if written notice setting forth the information
required by Section 3.02(b)(i) of these Bylaws shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation
not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th
day prior to such meeting and the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of such special meeting was mailed or
public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to
be elected at such meeting, whichever first occurs. The stockholder shall also update and supplement such information as required
under Section 3.02(c) of these Bylaws. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a special meeting shall
not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement of a special
meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period (or extend
any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 

7 

(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements
of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section 3.03. Nothing in these
Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy
statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or
the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations for the
election to the Board of Directors to be considered pursuant to Section 3.03(c) of these Bylaws. 

Section
3.04. Notice of Meetings. Except
as otherwise provided by law, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of stockholders shall be
given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting,
such notice to specify the place, if any, date and hour, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting,
and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person
and vote at any such meeting. If mailed, notice is deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed
to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. If sent via electronic
transmission, notice is deemed given as of the sending time recorded at the time of transmission. Notice of the time, place, if
any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, or
by electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his attendance
thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the
express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully
called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in
all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. 

Section
3.05. Quorum. At
all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Corporation s certificate of incorporation
(the Certificate of Incorporation ), or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person, by remote communication,
if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of not less than one-third (1/3) of the outstanding shares of stock
entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders
may be adjourned, from time to time, either by the chairman of the meeting or by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
represented thereat and cast at such meeting, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. The stockholders present
at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding
the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock
exchange rules, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the
affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast by holders of shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable,
or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders.
Except as otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality
of the votes cast by the holders of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy
at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series
is required, except where otherwise provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the holders
of not less than one-third (1/3) of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series, present in person, by remote communication,
if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that
vote on that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative
vote of the majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of the votes cast by holders of the shares of such
class or classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall
be the act of such class or classes or series. 

8 

Section
3.06. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned
Meetings. Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time
to time either by the chairman of the meeting or by the vote of a majority of the shares present in person, by remote communication,
if applicable, or represented by proxy and cast at the meeting. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any,
notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which
the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted
at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for
the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting. 

Section
3.07. Voting Rights. Each
stockholder shall have one vote upon the matter in question for each share of stock entitled to vote held of record by such stockholder
and a proportionate vote for each fractional share so held, unless otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation.
For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided
by law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the Corporation on the record date, as provided in Section
3.09 of these Bylaws, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Every person entitled to vote shall have the right
to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance
with Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted after three years from its date of
creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. 

Section
3.08. Joint Owners of Stock. If
shares or other securities having voting power stand of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members
of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two or more persons have the
same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished
with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with
respect to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one votes, his act binds all; (b) if more than one votes, the act
of the majority so voting binds all; or (c) if more than one votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each
faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided
in the DGCL, Section 217(b). If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests,
a majority or even-split for the purpose of clause (c) of this Section 3.08 shall be a majority or even-split in interest. 

9 

Section
3.09. List of Stockholders. The
Secretary shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled
to vote at said meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than
10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting),
arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each
stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period
of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required
to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal
place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic
network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation.
The list shall be open to examination of any stockholder during the time of the meeting as provided by law. 

Section
3.10. Action Without Meeting. Any
action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting if, before or after the
action, a written consent thereto is signed by the holders of the voting power that would be required to approve such action at
a meeting. A meeting of the stockholders need not be called or noticed whenever action is taken by written consent. The written
consent may be signed in multiple counterparts, including, without limitation, facsimile counterparts, and shall be filed with
the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders. 

Section
3.11. Organization. 

(a) 
At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent,
the President, or, if the President is absent, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority in interest of the stockholders
entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, shall act as chairman. The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant
Secretary directed to do so by the President, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 

10 

(b) 
The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders
as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any,
the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all
such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting,
including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining
order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of
the Corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairman shall permit, restrictions
on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments
by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters which are to be voted on by ballot.
The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting
shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting,
meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 

Article
IV 
Directors 

Section
4.01. Powers. The
business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors who may exercise all the powers
of the Corporation except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. In the event of
a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of
the full Board until the vacancy is filled. 

Section
4.02. Number and Qualification. Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or in these Bylaws, the number of directors which shall constitute the
whole board shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Directors need not be stockholders.
If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient
at a special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws. 

Section
4.03. Vacancies; Reduction of Board.
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of
the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or a sole
remaining Director, may fill vacancies in the Board of Directors occurring for any reason and newly created directorships resulting
from any increase in the authorized number of directors. In lieu of filling any vacancy, the Board of Directors may reduce the
number of directors. 

11 

Section
4.04. Tenure. Except
as otherwise provided by law. by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, directors shall hold office until their
successors arc elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon notice
given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it
is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. 

Section
4.05. Removal. Subject
to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances and any limitation
imposed by law, any individual director or directors may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally
at an election of directors. 

Section
4.06. Meetings. 

(a) 
 Regular Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors
may be held at any time or date and at any place within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by the Board
of Directors and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system
or other system designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic
means. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board of Directors. 

(b) 
 Special Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors
may be held at any time and place within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer or a majority of the authorized number of directors. 

(c) 
 Meetings by Electronic Communications Equipment . Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may
participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating
in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

(d) 
 Notice of Special Meetings . Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given
orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate
messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, during normal business hours, at least
24 hours before the date and time of the meeting. If notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, charges
prepaid, at least three days before the date of the meeting. Notice of any meeting may be waived in writing, or by electronic
transmission, at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the
director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any
business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

12 

(e) 
 Waiver of Notice . The transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however
called or noticed, or wherever held, shall be as valid as though it had been transacted at a meeting duly held after regular call
and notice, if a quorum be present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive
notice shall sign a written waiver of notice or shall waive notice by electronic transmission. All such waivers shall be filed
with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. 

Section
4.07. Quorum and Voting. 

(a) 
Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number, and except with respect to questions related to indemnification
arising under Article XI of these Bylaws for which a quorum shall be one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time
to time, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time
by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation; provided, however, at any meeting whether a quorum
be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular
meeting of the Board of Directors, without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. 

(b) 
At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws. 

Section
4.08. Action Without Meeting. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors
or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or transmission
or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper
form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

Section
4.09. Fees and Compensation. Directors
shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, if so approved,
by resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or special
meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall
be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise
and receiving compensation therefor. 

13 

Section
4.10. Committees. 

(a) 
The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed
by the Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform
such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee
have the power or authority in reference to the following: (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any
action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing
any provision of these Bylaws. 

(b) 
The Board of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock and the provisions of Section
4.10(a), may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee.
The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his death or voluntary resignation from the committee or from
the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board
of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the
committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any
absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member
of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they
constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any
such absent or disqualified member. 

(c) 
Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any such committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but
in the absence of such rules its business shall be conducted so far as possible in the same manner as is provided in these Bylaws
for the Board of Directors. All members of such committees shall hold their committee offices at the pleasure of the Board of
Directors, and the Board of Directors may abolish any committee at any time. 

Section
4.11. Duties of Chairman of the Board
of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings
of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties commonly incident
to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from
time to time. 

14 

Section
4.12. Organization. At
every meeting of the directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent,
the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or, if the Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President (if a director), or if
the President is absent, the most senior Vice President (if a director), or, in the absence of any such person, a chairman of
the meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in his absence, any
Assistant Secretary or other officer or director directed to do so by the Chairman, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 

Section
4.13. Emergency Bylaws. In
the event of any emergency, disaster, catastrophe or other similar emergency condition of a type described in Section 1100(a)
of the DGCL (an Emergency ), notwithstanding any different or conflicting provisions in the Certificate of
Incorporation or these Bylaws, during an Emergency: 

(a) 
 Notice . A meeting of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to Section
4.10 may be called by any directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary by
any such means as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, may be feasible at the time, and notice of any such meeting
of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to Section 4.10 may be given, in
the judgment of the person calling the meeting, only to such directors as it may be feasible to reach at the time and by such
means as may be feasible at the time. Such notice shall be given at such time in advance of the meeting as, in the judgement of
the person calling the meeting, circumstances permit. 

(b) 
 Quorum . The director or directors in attendance at a meeting called in accordance with Section 4.13(a) shall constitute
a quorum. 

(c) 
 Liability . No officer, director or employee acting in accordance with this Section 4.13 shall be liable except for willful
misconduct. No amendment, repeal or change to this Section 4.13 shall modify the prior sentence with regard to actions taken prior
to the time of such amendment, repeal or change. 

Article
V 
Officers 

Section
5.01. Officers Designated. The
officers of the Corporation shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer.
The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and such other officers and
agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one
or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the Corporation at any
one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the Corporation
shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors. 

15 

Section
5.02. Tenure and Duties of Officers. 

(a) 
 General . All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have
been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed
at any time by the Board of Directors. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by
the Board of Directors. 

(b) 
 Duties of Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at
all meetings of the Board of Directors unless the Chairman of the Board of Directors has been appointed and is present. Unless
an officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of
the Corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of
the business and officers of the Corporation. To the extent that a Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and no President
has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the President shall be deemed references to the Chief Executive Officer.
The Chief Executive Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties
and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 

(c) 
 Duties of President . The President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of
Directors unless the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and is present. Unless
another officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control
of the business and officers of the Corporation. The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and
shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 

(d) 
 Duties of Vice Presidents . The Vice Presidents may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability
of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant. The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident
to their office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive
Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer has not been appointed or is absent, the President shall designate from time to time. 

16 

(e) 
 Duties of Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall
record all acts and proceedings thereof in the minute book of the Corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with
these Bylaws of all meetings of the stockholders and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring
notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office
and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.
The President may direct any Assistant Secretary or other officer to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence
or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall
also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time
to time. 

(f) 
 Duties of Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the
Corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the Corporation in such form
and as often as required by the Board of Directors or the President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the
Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the Corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform
other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board
of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. To the extent that a Chief Financial Officer has been appointed
and no Treasurer has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the Treasurer shall be deemed references to the Chief Financial
Officer. The President may direct the Treasurer, if any, or any Assistant Treasurer, or the Controller or any Assistant Controller
to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and
each Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform other duties commonly incident
to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall
designate from time to time. 

(g) 
 Duties of Treasurer . Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, the Treasurer
shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the Corporation
in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the Corporation in such form and as often
as required by the Board of Directors or the President, and, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody
of all funds and securities of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall
also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time
to time. 

17 

Section
5.03. Delegation of Authority. The
Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding
any provision hereof. 

Section
5.04. Salaries. Officers
of the Corporation shall be entitled to such salaries, compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed from time to
time by the Board of Directors. 

Section
5.05. Resignations. Any
officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the President
or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given,
unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise
specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation
shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract with the resigning officer. 

Section
5.06. Removal. Any
officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
in office at the time, or by the unanimous written consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any committee or by the
Chief Executive Officer or by other superior officers upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of
Directors. 

Article
VI 
Execution of Corporate Instruments and Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation 

Section
6.01. Execution of Corporate Instruments.
 The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory
officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the Corporation any corporate instrument or document,
or to sign on behalf of the Corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the Corporation,
except where otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation.
All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the Corporation or in special accounts of
the Corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do. Unless authorized
or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power
or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose
or for any amount. 

Section
6.02. Voting of Securities Owned by
the Corporation. All stock and other securities of other corporations owned or held by the Corporation
for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the
person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairman
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President. 

18 

Article
VII 
Shares of Stock 

Section
7.01. Form and Execution of Certificates.

(a) 
 The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, or shall be uncertificated if so provided by resolution or
resolutions of the Board of Directors. Certificates for the shares of stock of the Corporation, if any, shall be in such form
as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock represented by certificate in
the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board
of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President or any Vice President and by the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer
or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the Corporation.
Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed
or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar
before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar
at the date of issue. 

(b) 
Each certificate for shares of stock of the Corporation that are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to the Certificate
of Incorporation, these Bylaws, applicable securities laws or any agreement among any number of stockholders or among such holders
and the Corporation shall have conspicuously noted on the face or back of the certificate either the full text of the restriction
or a statement of the existence of such restriction. 

(c) 
If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized
on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock, provided that in lieu of the foregoing
requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock
a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests a copy of the full text of the
powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series
thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 

Section
7.02. Lost Certificates. A
new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation
alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate
of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The Corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate
or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owner s legal representative,
to agree to indemnify the Corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the Corporation a surety bond in such form
and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate
alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed. 

19 

Section
7.03. Transfers. 

(a) 
Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person
or by attorney duly authorized, and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed
certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. 

(b) 
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes
of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by
such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 

Section
7.04. Fixing Record Dates. 

(a) 
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or
any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable
law, not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close
of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the
day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors
may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

(b) 
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange
of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record
date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not
more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such
purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

20 

Section
7.05. Registered Stockholders. The
Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive
dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such
share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise
provided by the laws of Delaware. 

Article
VIII 
Other Securities of the Corporation 

Section
8.01. Execution of Other Securities.
 All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the Corporation, other than stock certificates
(covered in Section 7.01 of these Bylaws), may be signed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President or any Vice President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate seal
impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant
Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond,
debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature,
of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures
of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted
facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security,
authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation or such
other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person.
In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature
shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other
corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless
may be adopted by the Corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature
shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. 

Article
IX 
Dividends 

Section
9.01. Declaration of Dividends. Dividends
upon the stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the
Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares
of the stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set
aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their
absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing
or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purposes as the directors shall think conducive to the interest
of the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

21 

Article
X 
Fiscal Year 

Section
10.01. Fiscal Year. The
fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Article
XI 
Indemnification 

Section
11.01. Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees
and Other Agents. 

(a) 
 Directors and Officers . The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the extent not prohibited by the
DGCL or any other applicable law. 

(b) 
 Employees and Other Agents . The Corporation shall have power to indemnify its employees and other agents as set forth in
the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification
shall be given to any such person (except for officers) or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. 

(c) 
 Expenses . The Corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason
of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition
of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or officer in connection with such
proceeding provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or
her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including,
without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking
(hereinafter an undertaking ), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately
be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 11.01 or otherwise. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 11.01, no advance shall be made by the Corporation
to an officer of the Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation in which
event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the proceeding,
even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less
than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written
opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly
that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation. 

22 

(d) 
 Enforcement . Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to
directors and officers under this Section 11.01 shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and
as if provided for in a contract between the Corporation and the director or officer. If a claim is not paid in full by the Corporation
within 60 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement
of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against
the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. To the extent permitted by law, the claimant in such enforcement action,
if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with
any claim for indemnification, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has
not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the Corporation to indemnify
the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an officer of the Corporation (except in any action, suit
or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director
of the Corporation) for advances, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing
evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable cause
to believe that his conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent
legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification
of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct set
forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors,
independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense
to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director
or officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director
or officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 11.01 or otherwise shall
be on the Corporation. 

23 

(e) 
 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which
such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws,
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person s official capacity
and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual
contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest
extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law. 

(f) 
 Survival of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be
a director or officer, or, if applicable, employee or other agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person. 

(g) 
 Insurance . To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law, the Corporation, upon approval by the
Board of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Section
11.01. 

(h) 
 Amendments . Any repeal or modification of this Section 11.01 shall only be prospective (except to the extent such amendment
or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights to Indemnitees on a retroactive
basis than permitted prior thereto) and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence
of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the Corporation in respect of any act
or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision; provided however, that amendments
or repeals of this Article XI shall require the affirmative vote of the stockholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation. 

(i) 
 Saving Clause . If this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction,
then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable
portion of this Section 11.01 that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this Section 11.01 shall
be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall indemnify
each director and officer to the full extent under any other applicable law. 

(j) 
 Certain Definitions . For the purposes of this Bylaw, the following definitions shall apply: 

(i) 
The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation,
preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. 

24 

(ii) 
The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys 
fees, witness fees, fines, ERISA excise taxes, penalties, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses
of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding. 

(iii) 
The term Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation
(including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued,
would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or
was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Section 11.01 with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation
as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 

(iv) 
References to a director , officer , employee , or agent 
of the Corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the Corporation
as, respectively, a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.

(v) 
References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans. 

(vi) 
References to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit
plan. 

(vii) 
References to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent
with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner
such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall
be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this
Section 11.01. 

(k) 
 Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article XI shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for
any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article XI shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article XI (including,
without limitation, each such portion of this Article XI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

25 

Article
XII 
Notices 

Section
12.01. Notices. 

(a) 
 Notice to Stockholders . Written notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in Section 3.04
of these Bylaws. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement
or contract with such stockholder, and except as otherwise required by law, written notice to stockholders for purposes other
than stockholder meetings may be sent by U.S. mail or nationally recognized overnight courier, or by facsimile, telegraph or telex,
or by electronic mail or other electronic means. 

(b) 
 Notice to Directors . Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a),
as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, or by overnight delivery service, facsimile, telex or telegram, except that such notice
other than one which is delivered personally shall be sent to such address as such director shall have filed in writing with the
Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director. 

(c) 
 Affidavit of Mailing . An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the Corporation
or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, or other agent, specifying the name and address or
the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or
were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein
contained. 

(d) 
 Methods of Notice . It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be employed in respect of all recipients
of notice, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods
may be employed in respect of any other or others. 

(e) 
 Notice to Person with Whom Communication is Unlawful . Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law
or of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving
of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency
for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice
to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given.
In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of
the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled
to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. 

26 

(f) 
 Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address . Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, any notice given under the provisions
of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders
who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have
been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object in writing to the Corporation within 60 days of having been
given notice by the Corporation of its intention to send the single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder
by written notice to the Corporation. 

Article
XIII 
Amendments 

Section
13.01. Amendments. Subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 11.01(h) of these Bylaws or the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board
of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal
of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of
directors. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however,
that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by the Certificate
of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Article
XIV 
Miscellaneous Provisions 

Section
14.01. Forum. 

(a) 
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located
within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court
for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following claims
or causes of action under the Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf
of the Corporation; (ii) any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer
or other employee of the Corporation, to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders; (iii) any claim or cause of
action against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation, arising out of
or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (as each may be amended
from time to time); (iv) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Certificate
of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (as each may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation,
or remedy thereunder); (v) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware; and (vi) any claim or cause of action against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer
or other employee of the Corporation, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine or otherwise related to the Corporation s
internal affairs, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over
the indispensable parties named as defendants. This Section 14.01 shall not apply to claims or causes of action brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent
jurisdiction. 

27 

(b) 
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the
federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the 1934 Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder, including all causes of action asserted
against any defendant named in such complaint, and the federal district courts of the United States of America shall have concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the 1933 Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by the
Corporation, its officers and directors, the underwriters for any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional
entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part
of the documents underlying the offering. 

(c) 
Any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to
have notice of and consented to the provisions of these Bylaws. 

28 

Section
14.02. Transactions with Interested Parties. No
contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of the directors or officers of the Corporation, or between the
Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the directors or
officers of the Corporation are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this
reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or a
committee of the Board of Directors which authorizes the contract or transaction or solely because his, her or their votes are
counted for such purpose, if: 

(a) 
the material facts as to such relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative
votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or 

(b) 
the material facts as to such relationship or interest as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders
entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders;
or 

(c) 
the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of
Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors, or the stockholders. 

Common
or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a
committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 

Section
14.03. Resident Agent. The
Board of Directors may appoint a resident agent upon whom legal process may be served in any action or proceeding against the
Corporation. 

Section
14.04. Certificate of Incorporation. All
references in these Bylaws to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation, as amended and in effect from time to time. 

Section
14.05. Corporate Records. The
original or attested copies of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and records of all meetings of the incorporators, stockholders
and the Board of Directors and the stock and transfer records, which shall contain the names of all stockholders, their record
addresses and the amount of stock held by each, shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation, at the office of its
counsel, or at an office of its transfer agent. 

Section
14.06. Waiver of Notice. Whenever
notice is required to be given under any provision of these Bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice,
or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or alter the time of the event for which
notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of
notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting al the beginning of the
meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be
transacted at. nor the purpose of, any meeting needs to be specified in any written waiver or any waiver by electronic transmission.

Section
14.07. Inconsistent Provisions. In
the event that any provision of these Bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation,
the DGCL or any other applicable law, the provision of these Bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency
but shall otherwise be given full force and effect. 

29 

</EX-3.1II>

<EX-4.2>
 6
 g083446_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 31, 2022, Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company, we, us or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (our Common Stock ). 

General 

The
following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in
its entirety by reference to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Charter and our
Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. Copies of these documents can be accessed through hyperlinks to
those documents in the list of exhibits in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. We encourage
you to read our Charter, our Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. 

Authorized
Capital Shares 

Our
authorized capital shares consist of (a) 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (b) 20,000,000 shares of blank check 
preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share (our Preferred Stock ). The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are
fully paid and nonassessable. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of shares of Common Stock vote together as one class on all matters as to which holders of Common Stock are entitled to
vote. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, all voting rights are vested in and exercised by the holders of Common Stock
with each share of Common Stock being entitled to one vote, including in all elections of directors. The vote of the holders of
a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify
or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise provided by law. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any, holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such
dividends and distributions and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Company when, as and if declared thereon
by the board of directors from time to time out of assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any, upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets and funds legally available for distribution to
stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. 

Other
Rights and Preferences 

Holders
of our Common Stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights, conversion rights, registration rights, redemption
or sinking fund provisions by virtue of only holding such shares. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Provisions
of the DGCL, our Charter, and our Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest
or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage certain
types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our board of directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons
seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection
of our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh
the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals
could result in improved terms for our stockholders. 

Section
203 of the DGCL. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation
from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three (3) years after
the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 

before
such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted
in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes
of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares
owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have
the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer;
or 

on
or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting
of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that
is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In
general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines a business combination to include the following: 

any
merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any
sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

subject
to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation
to the interested stockholder; 

any
transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series
of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the
receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the
person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three (3) years prior to the time of determination of interested
stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of our Bylaws 

Our
Bylaws provide that directors may be removed by the stockholders with or without cause upon the vote of a majority of the holders
of Common Stock then entitled to vote. Except as otherwise provided in our Bylaws and our Charter, any vacancies or newly created
directorships on our board of directors resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the
stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 

Our
Bylaws also provide that only our chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president or one or more stockholders
holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than ten percent of the votes at that meeting may call a special meeting
of stockholders. 

The
combination of these provisions makes it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well
as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to
retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party
to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board
of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt
to change our control. 

These
provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its
policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce
our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions
could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of delaying changes
in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our Common
Stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. We believe that the benefits of these provisions, including
increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire
or restructure the Company, outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover proposals, because negotiation of takeover proposals
could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LIPO . 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company. The transfer agent s address is
50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno NV 89501 and its telephone number is (775) 322-0626. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 g083446_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jonathan Kaufman, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan Kaufman 

Jonathan
 Kaufman 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 g083446_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Douglas Johnston, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Johnston 

Douglas
 Johnston 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 g083446_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan
Kaufman, Chief Executive Officer of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan Kaufman 

Jonathan
 Kaufman 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 g083446_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Douglas
Johnston, Chief Financial Officer of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Johnston 

Douglas
 Johnston 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 35
 lipo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 37
 lipo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 38
 lipo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 39
 lipo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

