<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1013488_0000950170-23-004813.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13909240</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252598</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1518161</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7044150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1698636</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3051565</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004813.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227210619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004813
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230103
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BJs RESTAURANTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001013488
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				330485615
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21423
		FILM NUMBER:		23677951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7755 CENTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92647
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 500-2440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7755 CENTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92647

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHICAGO PIZZA & BREWERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004813.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 bjri-20230103.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark one) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 , 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including 
 area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock of the Registrant Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter, June 28, 2022, was , calculated based on the closing price of our common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on such date. 
 As of February 24, 2023, shares of the common stock of the Registrant were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Auditor Name: 		Auditor Location: 		Auditor Firm ID: 
 
 INDEX 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 13 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 23 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 23 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 24 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 27 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 34 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 35 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 35 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 35 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 38 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 38 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 38 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 38 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 38 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 39 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 39 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 42 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 43 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 PAR T I 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, when we use the words BJ s, the Company, we, us or our in this Form 10-K, we are referring to BJ s Restaurants, Inc., a California corporation, and its subsidiaries. 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Information and statements contained in this Form 10-K, in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), or in our written and verbal communications that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Words or phrases such as believe, plan, will likely result, expect, intend, will continue, is anticipated, estimate, project, may, could, would, should and similar expressions that convey uncertainty about future events or outcomes in this Form 10-K are intended to identify forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks described in this Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time and we cannot predict those events or how they may affect us. There may be other risks and uncertainties that are not currently known by us or that are currently deemed by us to be immaterial. However, they may ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results. We do not have any obligation to modify or revise any forward-looking statement to take into account or otherwise reflect subsequent events or circumstances arising after the date that the forward-looking statement was made. For further information regarding the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, please review the information set forth below under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 FISCAL PERIODS USED IN THIS FORM 10-K 
 Throughout this Form 10-K, our fiscal years ended January 3, 2023, December 28, 2021, and December 29, 2020, are referred to as fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our fiscal years consist of 52 or 53 weeks and end on the Tuesday closest to December 31. All fiscal years presented in this Form 10-K, with the exception of fiscal year 2022, consisted of 52 weeks. Additionally, all quarters, with the exception of the fourth quarter in fiscal year 2022, consisted of 13 weeks. Fiscal year 2022 consisted of 53 weeks, with a 14-week fourth quarter; therefore, all financial references to fiscal year 2022 assume 53 weeks of operations, unless noted otherwise. 
 ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 INTRODUCTION 
 BJ s Restaurants is a leading casual dining restaurant brand differentiated by a high-quality, varied menu with compelling value, a dining experience that offers our customers (referred to as guests best-in-class service, hospitality and enjoyment, in a high-energy, welcoming and approachable atmosphere. BJ s is a national restaurant chain that, as of February 27, 2023, owns and operates 216 restaurants located in 30 states. 
 The first BJ s restaurant opened in 1978 in Orange County, California, and was a small sit-down pizzeria that featured Chicago style deep-dish pizza with a unique California twist. In 1996, we introduced our proprietary craft beers and expanded the BJ s concept to a full-service, high-energy casual dining restaurant when we opened our first large format restaurant with an on-site brewing operation in Brea, California. Today our restaurants feature a broad menu with over 100 menu items designed to offer something for everyone including: slow roasted entrees such as prime rib, EnLIGHTened Entrees such as our Cherry Chipotle Glazed Salmon, our original signature deep-dish pizza, the world-famous Pizookie dessert, and our award-winning BJ s craft beers. Our craft beer is produced at five in-house brewing facilities and by independent third-party brewers using our proprietary recipes. 
 Our Internet address is https://www.bjsrestaurants.com . Electronic copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K are available, free of charge, by visiting the Investors section of our website. These reports are posted as soon as practical after they are electronically filed with the SEC. We caution that the information on our website is not part of this or any other reports we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 1 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 We compete in the casual dining segment of the domestic restaurant industry, which is a large, highly fragmented segment with estimated annual sales in the 100+ billion range. We believe that the BJ s restaurant concept offers consumers a higher quality, more contemporary and approachable casual plus, premium casual, or polished casual dining experience than many of the more mature, mass market casual dining concepts. Our primary business objective is to increase our market share in the casual dining restaurant industry by consistently delivering on our Gold Standard of Operational Excellence promise to our guests while continuing our national restaurant expansion program. Our Gold Standard of Operational Excellence is our genuine commitment to take pride in passionately connecting with every guest on every visit, through flawless and relentless execution of every detail, during every shift to create and keep fanatical fans of BJ s. We believe that by delivering upon this commitment to our guests, we create the best opportunity to generate significant repeat business and capture additional market share. 
 While our core strategy has remained consistent, we are always striving to evolve and enhance our guests experience. Our Gold Standard of Operational Excellence is focused on the following key areas that help to differentiate BJ s from other casual dining restaurants: 
 High-Energy Atmosphere and Facilities We believe that one of our greatest competitive differentiators is the design, ambiance and energy of our restaurants, which feature a signature bar statement, making them a destination for our guests to spend quality time with friends and family. As part of our competitive positioning as a polished casual dining concept, our restaurants have finishes consistent with upscale casual dining concepts, including high ceilings and large televisions which can be viewed from any seat and provide the comfort of a restaurant and the energy of a bar. Additionally, we use a variety of higher quality guest touchpoints, including distinctive glassware to fit the beer or beverage style and linen napkins not generally found in mass-market casual dining. 

Broad and Distinctive Menu BJ s concept includes menu options that meet our guests preferences for any dining occasion. Our menu items are created by our talented culinary team and prepared to order in our restaurants using high-quality ingredients. Our menu features a wide variety of choices, ensuring there s something for everyone and yet we are able to modify nearly every menu item to satisfy any guest's request to ensure it is made their way. Both are important factors in our differentiation from other casual dining competitors. We evaluate our menu offerings and prices two to three times a year in addition to offering seasonal or limited time only menu items throughout the year. Building on our early pizza legacy, we offer almost 20 signature flavors of pizza and made-to-order combinations in tavern-cut and deep-dish styles. Our hand-pressed deep-dish pizza dough is double proofed which means it rises twice elevating its presentation and taste. We also offer slow roast large format proteins including prime rib, double bone-in pork chops and tri-tip sirloin, as well as guest favorites that include a brewhouse twist and our better for you EnLIGHTened Entrees options. 

Award Winning, Proprietary Craft Beer All of our restaurants feature BJ s award-winning craft beer, which showcases the quality and care of the ingredients used at BJ s. Our high-quality, craft beer further elevates BJ s from many other restaurant concepts and complements our broad menu. Since 1996, our beers have earned over 250 medals at different beer festivals and events, including 38 medals at the Great American Beer Festival and 12 medals at the World Beer Cup. We offer 12 year-round signature BJ s beers and one or more rotating seasonal BJ s beers on tap at any one time. We also offer approximately 20 domestic, imported and guest craft beers on tap, in addition to a selection of bottled beers. Additionally, our restaurants offer our craft beer for take-out in cans or growlers, where legally permitted. Our expansive and unique beer offerings are intended to enhance BJ s competitive positioning as a leading craft beer retailer in casual dining. We are also testing our BJ s Brewhouse Beer Club in most of our California restaurants. Our club is a subscription service, which features special and unique beer from BJ s brewers and restaurant traffic-driving perks that are only available to club members. 

Everyday Value Proposition We strive to offer great everyday value throughout our menu, with diverse price points and unique flavor profiles. Our menu entr es, excluding our promotional specials, generally range in price from 8.25 to 32.95. We also offer Daily Brewhouse Specials Monday through Thursday, which feature some of our most iconic food and drink items at a lower price, as well as daily lunch specials and happy hour offerings, where permitted, to reinforce our everyday value proposition. Additionally, we offer a series of take-out and delivery specific Family Meals and Bundles that serve 4 to 6 guests. These packages start at 45.00, make it easy to order for a family or larger group, and further enhance our value proposition. Our average per-guest check during fiscal 2022, including beverages, increased from approximately 19.00 in 2021 to approximately 20.00 in 2022, and was impacted by changes in our sales mix, higher item incidence per guest and menu price increases to help mitigate higher costs from inflationary pressures. 

A Culture Committed to Gracious Service and Hospitality Completely satisfying dining experiences start with engaged, knowledgeable and hospitable people. We have invested carefully to recruit, select, train and retain employees, referred to as team members, who can take care of our guests with gracious hospitality and consistently and efficiently execute our recipes and steps of service. In addition to hiring quality team members, we continue to 

2 

invest in productivity and hospitality programs to enhance our ability to consistently deliver the Gold Standard of Operational Excellence we promise our guests. These programs include a Net Promoter Scoring program that helps us evaluate several key elements of our service including pace, hospitality, value and recommend scores, as well as mystery shopper and guest loyalty programs. 

Technology at the Right Time Time is a finite resource for our guests, and we believe that by promptly being attentive to every detail, we can optimize our guests enjoyment when they choose to dine with us. Our handheld ordering tablets improve our pace and productivity, including reducing the time it takes to deliver the first drink or food item to our guests. The tablets have resulted in an improved guest experience and driven higher incident rates for beverages, appetizers and desserts. Additionally, our BJ s mobile application allows our guests to use their smartphones to order ahead, add their name to our waitlist, pay at the table and manage their loyalty account, among other things. Through our order tracker, contactless curbside pickup with short message service SMS text and email technology, we keep our guests informed of their menu order and allow them to notify the restaurant when they arrive. We were also one of the first in casual dining to utilize the quick response QR code and WiFi geolocation technologies for both menu browsing and mobile payment to provide a touchless experience for guests who dine at our restaurants. 

Bringing the Brewhouse Home to Our Guests Consumer preferences continue to evolve as e-commerce, mobile shopping and food-on-demand continue to gain traction and direct visitation away from traditional brick and mortar shopping locations, a trend which accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic. To meet these opportunities, we have invested in the off-premise sales channel by creating new off-premise menu items, expanding our catering menu, collaborating with third-party delivery partners to provide delivery service from our restaurants, updated our website to make ordering easier for our guests, and we continue to improve our take-out and curbside experience. We also have enhanced our technology for the off-premise sales channel by leveraging our self-developed mobile application, our website and other platforms to ensure our guests can more easily enjoy BJ s menu from home or the office. This includes web-based order tracker, contactless curbside pickup with short message service SMS text and email technology to keep our guests informed of the status of their order and allow them to notify the restaurant when they arrive. These ongoing system and operational improvements are designed to improve the guest experience and drive traffic, off-premise check growth and increased catering orders. Where permitted by law, we also sell alcoholic beverages, including BJ s beer as well as wine and mixed drinks through take-out and delivery channels. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 As of January 3, 2023, we employed approximately 22,000 team members at our 216 restaurants. We also employed approximately 225 team members at our Restaurant Support Center in Huntington Beach, California and our field supervision positions around the country, whose primary goal is to provide gold standard support to our restaurant teams so they can focus on serving our guests. Approximately 19 of our hourly restaurant team members provide their services on a full-time basis, as defined by the Affordable Care Act. We actively work to ensure positive team member relations and a respectful workplace, frequently reinforcing the high ethical and professional standards set forth in our Code of Integrity, Ethics and Conduct which we believe should drive every decision we make. Currently, no unions or collective bargaining arrangements are in place at our Company. 
 Culture, Values and Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity 
 We recognize that our greatest asset and resource is our team members. A key component of our strategic plan is to CRAFT a People-First Hospitality Culture. We provide each of our team members with a card explaining CRAFT and our expectations for them and our guests as a tangible reminder of our commitment. Our values are focused on CRAFTing an engaging experience for our team members through: 

C onnection 
 R espect 
 A dvancement 
 F un 
 T rust 

We strive to be an inclusive brand that reflects the diversity of our communities and provides equal opportunity and access for all of our team members to develop and advance within our Company. As of January 3, 2023, of our team members who indicated a racial or ethnic identity, or whose racial or ethnic identity can otherwise be determined, approximately 47 are female and approximately 59 are from under-represented racial or ethnic communities. 
 Our Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Alliance IDEA focuses on celebrating and fostering inclusion and belonging among our team members and guests, appreciating and embracing diversity, and providing opportunities for our team members to listen to and learn from each other. IDEA Listening Circles give our team members the opportunity to share their personal stories and provide feedback to the Company on how we can drive intentional, meaningful change to improve our team member experience for all, recognizing that we all grow in understanding and empathy when we listen to voices and stories which are different than our own. 
 3 

In addition, IDEA hosts periodic educational meetings with outside expert speakers and has curated a resource center and an internal intranet page for team members designed to support education and awareness and to celebrate our differences. 
 Our Women s Career Advancement Network WeCAN ), first introduced in 2011, focuses on developing, retaining and advancing women leaders. WeCAN hosts quarterly educational workshops and philanthropic activities. In addition, IDEA and WeCAN, in partnership with our BJ s Restaurants Foundation (the Foundation ), focus on charitable giving and volunteer efforts that support diversity and inclusion, including the Equal Justice Initiative, Special Olympics, and educational charities. In the coming years, we envision IDEA providing support to additional team member-driven communities of interest or resource groups focused on specific diverse communities and their allies. 
 To win and retain our talent, we recognize we must maintain a workplace culture that encourages behaviors aligned with our values, helps our team members fulfill their career aspirations, and engages them throughout their careers. We offer our part-time team members, who do not qualify for full-time benefits, benefit offerings, flexible hours with the ability to easily trade shifts, free or discounted meals depending on their position, and growth opportunities into management. In furtherance of this goal, we invest significant resources to retain and develop our talent. Our managerial leadership training includes coursework on creating a respectful and non-discriminatory workplace, identifying and eliminating bias, and promoting fair and equitable hiring. We offer a variety of career development resources to help develop, grow and enable team members to make the most of their careers at the Company, including an Emerging Leader Program to promote management readiness in our hourly team members, a Career Development Conference for managers within their first or second year with the Company, and a Leadership Development Conference to develop emerging General Managers, Managing Directors and Directors of Operations. We leverage a learning management system with numerous on-line resources for team member development, performance management and talent planning. We strive to ensure that advancement opportunities are transparent and equitable. We also host an annual General Manager Conference, which gives our General Managers, field supervision team and select Restaurant Support Center team members the opportunity to connect and learn in person, as well as regularly quarterly manager calls and Restaurant Support Center meetings. 
 Team Member Wellbeing Initiatives 
 We focus on providing health and financial wellbeing offerings that attract, retain, and engage BJ s talent. We provide an Enlightened Living Wellbeing Program that offers educational resources, health fairs and incentives that inspire participation in preventive care and wellbeing activities. Along with a variety of traditional benefit offerings, 401k and deferred compensation programs, and paid time off, we provide a variety of complimentary benefits and resources to support team members physical and mental health. This includes health and life assistance programs to our team members to provide counseling services, advocacy and billing support, and referrals, discounted fitness memberships, and an on-site fitness center at our Restaurant Support Center, among other services. 
 Team Member Safety 
 Throughout fiscal 2022, we have continued to comply with state and local government regulations and health recommendations, as applicable, to promote guest and team member wellness and to maintain clean restaurants. As the pandemic recedes in the United States, many of the COVID-19 protocols have been relaxed or removed as of the date of this report. Nevertheless, we remain vigilant and may reinstate any of the additional safety or health and wellness precautions that were instituted during the pandemic if public health conditions worsen in any of our service areas or future government regulations require us to do so. 
 We also continuously encourage our team members to speak up about safety matters. Our commitment to safety and culture is maintained through our open door policy and empowering our team members to utilize our anonymous Team Member Hotline, without fear of retaliation, if they have any concerns about how they or others are treated. We also have an IDEA email address for team members to use if they have any ideas to improve our culture of diversity and inclusion, and we have a Killer Ideas email address for team members to use to offer innovative ideas about how to improve our business. 
 Community 
 At BJ s, we believe it is important to give back to the communities we serve and to do more good things for more people. Our Foundation, which is a 501(c)(3) qualified non-profit charitable organization, established in 2006, is principally dedicated to supporting charities benefiting children s healthcare and education. Our Chairman of the Board of Directors, our retired Executive Vice President of Operations, and two of our current executive officers serve on the Foundation s six-person Board of Directors. Our commitment to supporting humanitarian causes is exemplified by our Cookies for Kids program, which was created in 1998 and continues to be the heart of BJ s continued financial support of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation CFF ), to which millions of dollars have been donated throughout the years. In addition, we arrange for the collection and donation of other funds to CFF through our restaurant preopening training events. 
 We also focus on supporting our local communities by providing volunteer hours, food and other resources for many worthwhile charitable causes and events through a program called Team Action to Support Communities TASC Force ). The 
 4 

TASC Force program recognizes and supports the volunteer efforts of our restaurant team members across the country, as they donate their own free time to benefit charitable causes and community events which are important to them, while helping give back to the communities in which our restaurants do business. Our TASC Force teams have helped fulfill the wishes of special needs kids, placed flags at the graves of fallen soldiers, painted over unsightly graffiti, helped clean up beaches, parks and school grounds, hosted blood drives, worked with Special Olympics, packed meals for No Kid Hungry, painted houses for elderly citizens, supported Habitat for Humanity to re-build playgrounds, worked at food banks, participated in fundraising runs and walkathons, and delivered food to families in need. In 2022, our Foundation and WeCAN hosted our first annual TASC Force challenge, resulting in donations to 33 charities that provide support for women and girls chosen by winning restaurants from each area around the country. 
 At BJ s, the act of compassionate giving influences every aspect of our Company s culture. Caring about those in the communities we serve is only one aspect of this compassion. Caring for the BJ s family of team members and loved ones is another. Our Give A Slice program was created to help our fellow co-workers and their families in their times of need and is fully funded by voluntary team member contributions. From funeral expenses for lost team members or their loved ones, to help in times of financial distress after a fire, natural disaster, theft or illness, Give A Slice helps hundreds of team members each year. 
 Annually our restaurants participate in a variety of philanthropic partnerships, two of which are with the Alzheimer s Association and No Kid Hungry . We sponsor certain events, as well as invite our guests, team members, friends and communities to get involved and contribute. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY AND STEWARDSHIP 
 We recognize that building a sustainable business is consistent with our goal of generating long-term shareholder value. Our sustainability leadership team spearheads our Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG initiatives. In partnership with others in our operations, supply chain, people and finance departments, the committee is responsible for executing a multi-year ESG strategic plan. The committee provides updates to the Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. 
 We are committed to reducing our impact on air, land and water resources across our restaurants, Restaurant Support Center and global supply chain. We recognize the impact greenhouse gas emissions have on climate change and the importance of water conservation and sustainability for our planet. We have made it a priority to work with our team members and vendor partners to reduce our carbon footprint and environmental impact. 
 We have retained a third-party consultant to assist us in measuring our emissions and developing additional programs to reduce our overall carbon footprint. 
 Examples of programs we have implemented to date include: 
 Use of 100 recycled napkins and paper towels 

Use of recycled products for the lids and bases of our take-out containers 

Use of plastic bags made of 20 post-consumer resin 

Portioning paper towels to reduce waste 

Installation of flush-valve toilets and faucets, LED fixtures, high efficiency water heaters, low emittance window glass systems, and energy efficient cooking equipment in our newer restaurants 

Offering electric vehicles in our fleet vehicle program 

Use of energy-efficient HVAC equipment 

Recycling of organics to prevent them from going into landfills at over 15 of our restaurants 

Use of digital rather than paper new-hire onboarding and other employment-related documents across our company 

Hybrid in-person/remote work schedule at our Restaurant Support Center to balance the importance of workplace culture and stewardship of the environment, including leveraging of video and telephone conferencing tools to reduce the need for travel to in-person meetings 

Testing of food donation program that improves donation frequency 

Leveraging our handheld computers to convert various paper logs at each restaurant into a digital format to reduce paper use, printing and freight 

Our Human and Labor Rights Policy, Environmental Stewardship Policy, Food and Personal Safety and Quality Policy, and Vendor Partner Compliance Program information confirm our focus on taking care of our people, communities, stakeholders and planet. More information on our environmental stewardship efforts is available on our website at: 
 https://investors.bjsrestaurants.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx 
 5 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers and other members of the executive leadership team as of February 27, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Gregory S. Levin 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Brian S. Krakower 
 
 52 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer 

Amy B. Krallman 
 
 56 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer 

Gregory S. Lynds 
 
 61 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer 

Kendra D. Miller 
 
 48 
 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Putnam K. Shin 
 
 44 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Growth and Innovation Officer 

Thomas A. Houdek 
 
 42 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Christopher P. Pinsak 
 
 58 
 
 Senior Vice President, Operations 

Alexander M. Puchner 
 
 61 
 
 Senior Vice President, Brewing Operations 

GREGORY S. LEVIN has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and as a member of our Board of Directors since September 2021. He previously served as our President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary from January 2018 until August 2021, as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary from June 2008 to December 2017, as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2007 to May 2008, and as our Chief Financial Officer from September 2005 to September 2007. From February 2004 to August 2005, Mr. Levin served as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of SB Restaurant Company, a privately held company that operated the Elephant Bar Restaurants. From 1996 to 2004, Mr. Levin was employed by California Pizza Kitchen, Inc., operator and licensor of casual dining restaurants, with his last position as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Earlier in his career he served as an audit manager with Ernst Young LLP. 
 BRIAN S. KRAKOWER has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since January 2023. He previously served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from February 2013 to December 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Krakower served as Chief Technology Officer for Restaurant Revolution Technologies, a restaurant order management technology solutions company. From 2007 to 2012, Mr. Krakower was employed by California Pizza Kitchen, Inc., operator and licensor of casual dining restaurants, where his last position was Vice President of Information Technology. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Krakower served as Senior Director of Information Technology Corporate Systems for The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated, a publicly held operator of upscale casual dining restaurants. Prior to that, Mr. Krakower was employed by House of Blues Entertainment, Inc., an operator of restaurant and music venues, concerts and media properties, where he served as Senior Director of Information Systems and Technology from 1997 to 2003. 
 AMY B. KRALLMAN has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer since October 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Krallman served as Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for Mesa Airlines, Inc. from April 2022 to September 2022. Prior to that Ms. Krallman served as Vice President for 7-Eleven, Inc., a multinational chain of retail convenience stores, from November 2019 to April 2022. Ms. Krallman also served as Vice President of Human Resources for Wyndham Destinations, a multi-national timeshare and resort company, from March 2013 to January 2020, and Director of Human Resources for Panda Restaurant Group, Inc., the largest Asian-American restaurant chain in the United States, from September 2011 to February 2013. 
 GREGORY S. LYNDS has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer since October 2007. He previously served as our Chief Development Officer from July 2003 to October 2007. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lynds served as a Director of Real Estate for Darden Restaurants, Inc., the largest casual dining company in America. Prior to joining Darden, Mr. Lynds served as Vice President of Real Estate and Development for Wilshire Restaurant Group (Marie Callender s and East Side Mario s) and was a partner responsible for expanding the Mimi s Caf brand. 
 KENDRA D. MILLER has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since September 2021. She previously served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary from January 2019 until August 2021, and as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary from March 2011 until December 2018. From August 2008 to February 2011, Ms. Miller practiced law as a partner at the international law firm of Crowell Moring LLP. From January 2001 to August 2008, she was employed by CDF Labor Law LLP, where she became a partner in January 2008. She began her legal career as an associate at Paul Hastings. 
 PUTNAM K. SHIN has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Growth and Innovation Officer since December 2022. Prior to joining the Company, from September 2014 to December 2022, Mr. Shin served as Asia Managing Director, Global Resort Development Director, Asia Divisional Director, and Corporate Development Director based in the US, Hong Kong and London, respectively, for Merlin Entertainments. Merlin Entertainments is a global developer and operator of over 140 theme parks, hotels, resorts and indoor attractions across 24 countries with brands including LEGOLAND Resorts, SEA 
 6 

LIFE aquarium and Madame Tussauds. From September 2010 to August 2014, Mr. Shin served as Partner at L.E.K. Consulting in the London, UK office, a global strategy consulting firm. Prior to that, Mr. Shin served as Manager of Corporate Strategy and Business Development at the Walt Disney Company in Burbank, California from May 2008 to August 2010. Earlier in his career, he served as a management consultant at L.E.K. Consulting and an investment banker at Merrill Lynch. 
 THOMAS A. HOUDEK has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2021. He previously served as our Vice President of Strategy and Financial Planning and Analysis from July 2019 until August 2021. From January 2019 to June 2019, Mr. Houdek served as Director of Strategy at KFC. Prior to that, Mr. Houdek served as Director of Strategic Planning and Marketing Analysis at Taco Bell from June 2017 to January 2019, and as Sr. Manager of Strategic Planning from June 2015 to June 2017. Mr. Houdek also served as Manager of Mergers and Acquisitions at Yum! Brands from February 2014 to June 2015. Earlier in his career he served as an investment banker with Deutsche Bank Securities and CIBC World Markets. 
 CHRISTOPHER P. PINSAK has served as our Senior Vice President of Operations since January 2010. Prior to this responsibility, he served as our Regional Vice President of Operations from November 2004 to December 2009. From November 2000 to October 2004, Mr. Pinsak was employed by Wood Ranch BBQ Grill, where he served as Director of Operations. From July 1987 to October 2000, Mr. Pinsak was employed by Brinker International, Inc., where his last position was Area Director of the Chili s Grill Bar concept. 
 ALEXANDER M. PUCHNER has been the Senior Vice President of Brewing Operations since 1996. From 1993 to 1995, Mr. Puchner was a founder and brewmaster for Laguna Beach Brewing Co., Huntington Beach Beer Co., Newport Beach Brewing Co., and Westwood Brewing Co. From 1988 to 1993, Mr. Puchner served as a product manager for Aviva Sports/Mattel, Inc. and as a marketing research manager for Mattel, Inc. Mr. Puchner has been a nationally certified beer judge since 1990. 
 RESTAURANT OPERATIONS 
 Based on internal and publicly available data, we believe our restaurants, on average, generate high guest traffic per square foot compared to many other casual dining concepts. We have implemented operational systems and procedures to support our goal to run our restaurants quality fast, particularly during peak dining periods, in order to effectively and efficiently serve every guest. The typical management team for a BJ s restaurant consists of a General Manager, an Executive Kitchen Manager and three to five other managers based on the sales volume of each restaurant. The General Manager oversees the day-to-day operations of their restaurant, including hiring, training, and development of personnel, as well as for sales and operating profit. The Executive Kitchen Manager oversees managing food quality and preparation, purchasing, inventories and kitchen labor costs as well as hiring, training and development of kitchen personnel. 
 New restaurant managers are required to successfully complete a 10-week comprehensive advanced management training program dedicated to all operational aspects of our restaurants including both restauranteuring and restaurant business-related topics. Our restaurant management training program is led by our Vice President of Operations Talent Development and is closely monitored by our field supervision team. Additionally, in order to maintain our high standards, all new hourly restaurant team members participate in a formal training program and work with Team Member Instructors at each restaurant who help them master their new roles. 
 The General Manager of each restaurant reports to a Director of Operations or an Area Vice President, who reports to a Vice President of Operations. Our Vice Presidents of Operations report to our Senior Vice President of Operations, who oversees leading the day-to-day restaurant business. In addition to overseeing the daily operations of our restaurants, our Senior Vice President of Operations also oversees facility management, restaurant openings and integrating our operating strategy and initiatives to our restaurants. Additionally, we have a kitchen operations team that oversees the food quality and safety, kitchen efficiency and consistency in our restaurants and helps educate, coach and develop our kitchen managers. Our kitchen operations team reports to our Vice President of Culinary and Kitchen Operations, and our Senior Vice President of Culinary and Kitchen Operations oversees the entire team. 
 Each of our restaurants typically employs an approximate average of 100 hourly team members, many of whom work part-time. Our goal is to staff our restaurants with qualified, trained and enthusiastic team members who desire to be an integral part of BJ s fun, premium casual atmosphere and, at the same time, have the passion, intensity, work ethic and ability to execute our concept correctly and consistently on every shift. In January 2019, we were awarded the Diamond Catalyst Award by Black Box Intelligence , formerly TDn2K (Transforming Data into Knowledge) as a tribute to our superior operational and workplace results. This award honors restaurant organizations for workplace and employment excellence in the restaurant industry and for setting the standard for overall best-in-class business performance. In January 2020, we were awarded the Best Practices Award by Black Box Intelligence , which honors restaurant organizations that lead the industry in workforce diversity, community involvement and sustainable practices. 
 7 

Our normal restaurant hours of operations are generally from 11:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Sunday through Thursday and 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 a.m. Friday and Saturday. Our restaurants are typically open every day of the year except for Thanksgiving and Christmas. All of our restaurants currently offer take-out and delivery services. Additionally, all of our restaurants offer a call-ahead or online wait list, on-line ordering for dine-in, guest pick-up or curbside delivery and reservations for large parties. 
 RESTAURANT SITE SELECTION AND EXPANSION OBJECTIVES 	 
 Our current restaurant format is expected to represent the vast majority of our planned new restaurant growth for the foreseeable future; however, we are constantly evaluating ways to further enhance unit productivity and efficiency. We seek to secure high-quality, high-profile locations for our casual plus restaurants, which we believe have the ability to draw guests from a larger area than most mass market casual dining chain restaurants. Since BJ s has proven that it can be successful in a variety of locations (suburban shopping areas, retail strip centers, lifestyle centers, and entertainment centers either freestanding or in-line) and in a variety of income demographics, we can be highly selective and flexible in choosing suitable locations. We prefer to open our restaurants in mature trade areas with dense populations. We generally target geographic regions that allow us to build multiple restaurants in those areas. This clustering approach provides economic benefits including lower supply and distribution costs, improved marketing efficiencies, management supervision leverage and increased brand awareness. 
 During fiscal 2022, we opened six new restaurants and closed two restaurants. As a result, we increased our overall total restaurant operating weeks by approximately 3.1 during the year, including the effect of the 53rd week. We expect to open as many as five new restaurants in fiscal 2023. We typically enter into operating leases for our locations for periods ranging from 10 to 20 years and obtain lease extension options in most instances. Our lease payment terms vary from lease to lease but generally provide for the payment of both minimum base rent and contingent (percentage) rent based on restaurant sales. We sometimes also purchase the land underlying certain restaurant locations if it becomes available and in many cases, we subsequently enter into sale-leaseback arrangements for land parcels that we have purchased. It is not our current strategy to own a large number of land parcels that underlie our restaurants. 
 TARGETED NEW RESTAURANT ECONOMICS 
 Our current restaurant prototypes average approximately 7,500 square feet with seating for as many as 250 guests with a targeted all-in gross construction cost of approximately 6.0 million to 7.0 million, some of which may be reimbursed to us by our landlords in the form of tenant improvement allowance incentives. Similar to that of most of our competitors, our targeted gross construction cost has increased over the prior year, due to the rising cost of materials and wages. The gross cost of our restaurants may vary due to a variety of factors and could be greater or less than the targeted amounts due to geographic location, site work, trade labor costs and commodity inflation for building materials, such as lumber, steel and copper, among many other factors. Potential restaurant locations may not have a tenant improvement allowance available, and such allowances, when available, will vary in amount. In selecting sites for our restaurants, an important objective is to earn a suitable rate of return on our investment that is in excess of our cost of capital. However, this return usually cannot be meaningfully measured until our restaurants reach their mature sales and profitability levels. Maturation periods vary from restaurant to restaurant, but generally range from two to five years. We currently target an approximate blended 15 to 20 return on our net cash invested to build a new restaurant, as well as total capital invested. Net cash invested includes our capital less tenant improvement allowances or proceeds from the sale of the underlying land, and total capital invested includes our net cash invested and a factor for the landlord s invested capital (based on a capitalized value of minimum rents to be paid to the landlord) for each group of new restaurants to be opened each year, measured once the restaurants reach their mature level of operations. 
 The return-on-investment targets for our restaurant operations do not include any allocation of opening costs, field supervision and corporate support expense, non-cash items such as depreciation, amortization, equity-related compensation expense, interest expense and income taxes, and do not represent a targeted return on our common stock. There can be no assurance that any new restaurant opened will have similar operating results to those of established restaurants. Actual results usually differ from targeted results, and such differences may be material. We generally target our new restaurants to achieve average annual sales at maturity of 6.0 million to 7.0 million, and we target an average four wall estimated operating cash flow margin in the range of 15 to 20 at maturity after all occupancy expenses, which includes the assumption of continued progress recovering profit margins in the years following the COVID-19 pandemic and related macroeconomic disruptions. 
 It is common in the casual dining industry for many new locations to initially open with sales volumes well in excess of their sustainable run-rate levels. Given this initial honeymoon sales period, it may take up to five years until a new restaurant s sales eventually settle at a more predictable and sustainable level. Additionally, all of our new restaurants usually require a year or longer after opening to reach their targeted restaurant-level operating margin due to cost of sales and labor inefficiencies commonly associated with opening more complex casual dining restaurants. 
 8 

RESTAURANT OPENING EXPENSES 
 Restaurant opening expenses (also referred to as preopening expenses) include incremental out-of-pocket costs that are directly related to the openings of new restaurants and may not be capitalized. As a result of the more complex operational nature of our casual plus restaurant concept compared to that of a typical casual dining chain restaurant, the preopening process for our new restaurants is more extensive, time consuming and costly. The preopening expense for one of our restaurants usually includes costs to compensate an average of six to eight restaurant management team members prior to opening; costs to recruit and train an average of 150 hourly restaurant team members; wages, travel and lodging costs for our opening training team and other support team members; costs to practice service activities; and straight-line minimum base rent during the construction and in-restaurant training period. 
 Our preopening expense averaged approximately 0.6 million per new restaurant in fiscal 2022, which remains approximately 0.2 million higher than pre-pandemic averages due to increased costs from inflationary pressures, including costs of labor and commodities. We usually incur the most significant portion of preopening costs within the two-month period immediately preceding a restaurant s opening. Preopening costs can fluctuate significantly from period to period, based on the number and timing of restaurant openings and the specific preopening costs incurred for each restaurant. We expense preopening costs as incurred in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ). 
 BREWING OPERATIONS 
 Our internal brewing operations originated in 1996 with the opening of the first large format location in Brea, California, which included our first on-site brewing operation. We currently have four restaurants with brewpub operations and two stand-alone brewpubs located around the country. We also utilize qualified independent third-party brewers to produce our beer, using our proprietary recipes. Additionally, our brewing operations team analyzes each batch of BJ s branded beer in internal laboratories and we periodically send samples to an independent laboratory for quality control testing purposes. Our brewing operations are typically staffed with a head brewer and assistant brewers, who report to a brewing director. Production planning and quality control are monitored by our corporate brewing operations department which is led by our Senior Vice President of Brewing Operations. 
 We currently believe a combination of internal brewing and larger-scale independent third-party brewing represents the optimal production method for our craft beers as we continue the national expansion of our restaurants. This approach allows us to get the benefits provided by brewing beer in larger batches, yet also provides us the flexibility to allow our brewing operations to focus on specialty, seasonal and research and development beers. During fiscal 2022, we internally brewed approximately 53 of our branded craft beers, with approximately 60 of this amount brewed in our Temple, Texas brewpub locations. We also produce proprietary non-alcoholic craft sodas that are sold in our restaurants. Our craft soda flavors include root beer, ginger beer, cream, orange and black cherry soda. 
 MARKETING AND ADVERTISING 
 We believe the most effective method, over the long run, to protect and enhance our guest visit frequency is to spend time and resources on the plate and provide superior food quality, hospitality and facilities for our guests. That said, one of the key insights of our guest research in 2021 found that over 10 million potential guests who share many of the characteristics of our most frequent guests and live within 10 miles of a BJ s restaurant, yet who have never been to a BJ s. As a result, our external marketing is primarily focused on improving awareness and brand consideration in the markets where we operate. Our marketing spend generally takes the form of limited traditional television and connected television for those markets in which we have sufficient restaurant penetration. Additionally, we are able to leverage the information we have accumulated through data-driven paid digital, including pay-per-click, social content and streaming audio to better market our brand. We also utilize in-restaurant messaging and merchandising to promote our brand and drive our average check and also have a loyalty program, BJ s Premier Rewards Plus , where our guests receive one-to-one communication and engagement programs to drive frequency and ambassadorship. 
 Our marketing related expenditures were approximately 1.7 , 1.4 , and 1.7 of revenues for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect our marketing expenditures in 2023 to be 1.5 to 2.0 of our revenues. 
 SEASONALITY AND ADVERSE WEATHER 
 Our business is impacted by weather and other seasonal factors that typically impact other restaurant operations. Holidays (and shifts in the holiday calendar) and severe weather including hurricanes, tornadoes, thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, prolonged extreme temperatures and similar conditions may impact restaurant sales volumes in some of the markets where we operate. Many of our restaurants are located in or near shopping centers and malls that typically experience seasonal 
 9 

fluctuations in sales. Quarterly results have been and will continue to be significantly impacted by the timing of new restaurant openings and their associated restaurant opening expenses. As a result of these and other factors, our financial results for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year. 
 INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND CYBERSECURITY 
 We continue to focus on providing our operators with best in class, intuitive, secure technology that is tailored to our business so they can provide unsurpassed hospitality to our guests and our team members in a productive and efficient manner. Our strategy of providing and enhancing integrated systems to drive operational efficiencies enables our restaurant teams to focus on achieving restaurant operations excellence. We have implemented technology-enabled business solutions for tableside order entry, ecommerce solutions through our updated website which includes online ordering and order tracker for our take-out and delivery guests, kitchen and bar system automations, labor scheduling and productivity, cost management, food preparation, table management, inventory, guest service and team member training. We also utilize a centralized accounting and human capital management system, a data center technology service with cloud-based technologies, and a talent development system to provide our team members a more engaged experience, which we believe can provide a competitive advantage in the tight labor market. We will continue to develop and deploy seamless, non-invasive restaurant and support technologies that help improve our guest experience, team member effectiveness and satisfaction, financial management and cost control. New technology is thoroughly tested and validated before any company-wide rollout is implemented. 
 Our information is processed, transmitted, and stored in a secure environment using hardened, proven enterprise grade technologies to protect both our data and the physical computing assets. We guard against business interruption by maintaining a disaster recovery plan, which includes securely storing critical business information in multiple off-site data centers, testing the disaster recovery plan at a host-site facility, and providing fault tolerant devices, communication services, and utilities. We perform third-party cybersecurity audits no less than annually, following the standard set by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. We also conduct third-party security reviews and testing of our network, processes and systems on a regular basis. We use internally developed proprietary software, cloud-based software as a service SaaS as well as purchased software, with proven, non-proprietary hardware. As a result, we have not experienced an information systems data breach to date. While we believe that our internal policies, systems and procedures for cybersecurity are thorough, the risk of a cybersecurity event cannot be eliminated. 
 We maintain a robust system of data protection and cybersecurity resources, technology and processes. In addition to performing an annual risk assessment and developing a mitigation plan, along with a comprehensive review and update of our cybersecurity policies and procedures, we continuously evaluate new and emerging risks and ever-changing legal and compliance requirements. We monitor risks relating to potential compromises of sensitive information at our business partners where relevant and reevaluate the risks at these partners periodically. We make strategic investments to address these risks and compliance requirements to keep company, guest and team member data secure, including maintaining a network privacy and security insurance policy. Our comprehensive cybersecurity program includes agreements with third-party cybersecurity partners for continuous monitoring, alerting, and response. We also perform annual and ongoing cybersecurity awareness training for our management and Restaurant Support Center team members as well as specialized training for our users with privileged access. In addition, we provide annual credit card handling training following Payment Card Industry PCI guidelines to all team members that handle guest credit cards. 
 Our management believes that our current systems and practice of implementing regular updates position us well to support current needs and future growth. We use a strategic information systems multi-year planning process that involves senior management and is integrated into our overall business planning. We provide data protection and cybersecurity reports to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors on a quarterly basis and periodically to the full Board of Directors. Information systems projects are prioritized based upon strategic, financial, regulatory, risk and other business advantage criteria. 
 SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 
 Our supply chain department, working together with our culinary, marketing and operations teams, is responsible for the selection and procurement of all of the food ingredients, beverages, products and supplies for our restaurants and brewing operations. Specifications are mandated by the supply chain department in order to consistently maintain the highest quality ingredients and operational materials. Our goal is to obtain the highest quality menu ingredients, products and supplies from reliable sources at competitive prices. In order to maximize operating efficiencies between purchase and usage, a restaurant manager determines daily usage requirements for food ingredients, products and supplies for their restaurant and places orders with vendors approved by our supply chain department. A manager also inspects our deliveries to ensure that the items received meet our quality specifications and negotiated prices. For many of our menu ingredients, we have arranged for acceptable alternative manufacturers, vendors, growers and shippers in order to reduce risk in our supply chain. In addition to 
 10 

procuring food ingredients, beverages, products and supplies for our restaurants, the supply chain department also manages the procurement agreements in the areas of energy, transportation and general corporate services. 
 Where economically feasible and possible, we attempt to negotiate contracts for key commodities used in the preparation of our food and beverage offerings, based on our expected requirements for each fiscal year. If our attempts are successful, most of our contracts typically range in duration from three to twelve months. Although we currently do not directly engage in future contracts or other financial risk management strategies with respect to potential commodity cost fluctuations, from time to time we may opportunistically request that our suppliers consider doing so to help minimize the impact of potential cost fluctuations. Suppliers will typically pass the cost of such strategies along to us, either directly or indirectly. 
 We use a leading foodservice distributor to deliver the majority of our food products to our restaurants. We also have an agreement with the largest nationwide foodservice distributor of fresh produce in the United States to service most of our restaurants and, where licensed, to distribute our proprietary craft beer to our restaurants. 
 COMPETITION 
 The domestic restaurant industry is highly competitive and generally considered to be mature. There are a substantial number of casual dining, fast casual and quick service restaurant chains and other food and beverage service operations, that compete both directly and indirectly with us in every respect, including food quality and service, the price value relationship, beer quality and selection, atmosphere, suitable sites for new restaurants and for qualified personnel to operate our restaurants, among other factors. We also compete within each of our trade areas with locally-owned restaurants. We face growing competition as a result of the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry which offers convenient meals in the form of improved entr es and side dishes. 
 Our restaurant concept is a relatively small varied menu casual dining competitor compared to the mature mass market chains. 60 of our restaurants are located in one state - California. Our overall brand awareness and competitive presence in states outside of California is not as significant as that of our major casual dining chain competitors. Many competitors with similar concepts to ours have been in business longer than we have, have greater consumer awareness, and often have substantially greater capital, marketing and human resources. 
 We believe, however, that our ability to offer higher quality food and beverages at moderate prices with superior service in a distinctive dining environment provides us with the opportunity to capture additional market share in the casual dining segment. 
 FOOD QUALITY AND SAFETY 
 Our revenues can be substantially affected by adverse publicity resulting from food quality, illness, or health and safety concerns if incidents occur at our restaurants, as well as if incidents occur at our competitors restaurants. In addition, our revenues can be affected by illness or health concerns stemming from incidents occurring at our suppliers or competing suppliers or that appear to be transmitted via public interactions such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We attempt to manage risks of this nature by leveraging food quality and safety controls throughout our supply chain and internal training programs. While we believe that our internal policies and procedures for food safety and sanitation are thorough, the risk of food-borne illness cannot be completely eliminated, and incidents at other restaurant chains or in the food supply chain may affect our restaurants even if our restaurants are not implicated in a food safety concern. 
 We are committed to serving safe, high-quality food. Our food quality and safety teams strive to ensure compliance with our food safety programs and practices, components of which include: 
 Partnering with suppliers to improve food safety processes and technology 

Food safety training for all new team members 

Advanced food safety training for management trainees 

Manager food safety certifications 

Several layers of audits and inspections: 

o Unannounced audits by an independent third-party auditing company to validate food safety and personal safety protocols 

o BJ s internal Quality Assurance team audits 

o Operation s team food safety audits 

o Regulatory inspections 

Daily food safety checks based on Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points HACCP principles 

Tamper-resistant bag seals for all take-out orders 

11 

Daily team member wellness checks and stay at home requirements for symptomatic team members during the COVID-19 pandemic 

Utilization of technology to manage food safety risks 

GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations that affect our business. Regulations relating to opening and closing of restaurant dining rooms or outdoor patios, business hours, sanitation practices, to-go alcohol sales, guest spacing within dining rooms and other social distancing practices, and employment and safety-related laws involving contact tracing, exclusions and paid sick leave have materially affected the way we operate our business and serve our guests, and have adversely impacted our cost structure and resulting profitability of our restaurants. 
 Each of our restaurants is subject to licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which may include alcoholic beverage control, labor/equal employment, building, land use, health, safety and fire agencies, and environmental regulations in the state or municipality in which the restaurant is located. We believe that we are in compliance with all relevant laws, rules and regulations in all material respects. Difficulties obtaining or maintaining the required licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the development of a new restaurant in a particular area or could adversely affect the operation of an existing restaurant. 
 Alcoholic beverage control regulations require each of our restaurants to apply to a federal and state authority and, in certain locations, municipal authorities for a license and permit to sell alcoholic beverages on and off-premises. Typically, licenses must be renewed annually and may be revoked or suspended for cause by such authority at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations impact numerous aspects of the daily operations of our restaurants, including the minimum age of patrons and team members, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory control and handling, and storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. 
 Our restaurants and brewing operations are subject to tied house laws and the three tier system of beverage alcohol distribution, which were introduced by various states after the repeal of Prohibition. These laws generally prohibit brewers from holding an interest in retail licenses and require manufacturers, distributors and retailers to remain separate tiers. Over the last 30 years, brewpubs, which are both retailers and onsite brewers, have been authorized by law in most states through specific exceptions to these laws. These exceptions are unique to each state and do not mirror one another. However, brewpubs are generally licensed as retailers and do not have the same privileges as microbreweries, and the privileges of, and restrictions imposed on, brewpubs vary from state to state. These restrictions sometimes prevent us from operating both brewpubs and restaurants in some states. We believe that we are currently in compliance with the brewpub regulations in the states where we hold such licenses. However, there is some risk that a state s brewpub regulations or the interpretation of these regulations may change in a way that could impact our current model of brewing beer and/or supplying beer to our restaurants in that state. We apply for our alcoholic beverage licenses with the advice of outside legal and licensing counsel and consultants. Even after the issuance of these licenses, our operations could be subject to differing interpretations of the tied house laws and the requirements of the three tier system of beverage alcohol distribution in any jurisdiction that we conduct business. Additionally, the failure to receive or retain, or a delay in obtaining, a liquor license in a particular location could adversely affect our ability to obtain such a license elsewhere. 
 We are subject to dram-shop statutes in California and other states in which we operate. Those statutes generally provide a person who has been injured by an intoxicated person the right to recover damages from an establishment that has wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to such person. We carry liquor liability coverage, as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance, which we believe is consistent with the coverage carried by other entities in the restaurant industry and would help protect us from exposure created by possible claims. Even though we carry liquor liability insurance, a judgment against us under a dram-shop statute in excess of our liability coverage could have a materially adverse effect on us. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, claims may also be expensive to defend and may divert management s time and our financial resources away from our operations. We may also be adversely affected by publicity resulting from such claims. 
 Various federal and state labor laws, along with rules and regulations, govern our relationship with our team members, including such matters as minimum wage, overtime, tip credits, health insurance, working conditions, safety and work eligibility requirements. Significant additional governmental mandates, such as an increased minimum wage, a change in the laws governing exempt team members, an increase in paid time off or leaves of absence, mandates on health benefits and insurance or increased tax reporting and payment requirements for team members who receive gratuities, could negatively impact our restaurants profitability. We are also subject to the regulations of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ICE branch of the United States Department of Homeland Security. In addition, some states in which we operate have adopted immigration employment protection laws. Even if we operate our restaurants in strict compliance with ICE and state requirements, some of our team members may not meet federal work eligibility requirements, despite our efforts and without 
 12 

our knowledge, which could lead to a disruption in our work force. Additionally, our suppliers may also be affected by various federal and state labor laws which could result in supply disruptions for our various goods and services or higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. 
 We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety and menu labeling. We are also subject to federal and state environmental regulations. Various laws concerning the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials, such as cleaning solvents, and the operation of restaurants and brewpubs in environmentally sensitive locations may impact aspects of our operations. 
 Our facilities must comply with the applicable requirements of the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 ADA and related state statutes. The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability with respect to public accommodations and employment. Under the ADA and related state laws, when constructing new restaurants or undertaking significant remodeling of existing restaurants, we must make them readily accessible to disabled persons. We must also make reasonable accommodations for the employment of disabled persons. 
 INSURANCE 
 We maintain comprehensive insurance coverage, including, but not limited to, property, casualty, directors and officers liability and network privacy security liability, with coverage and limits we believe are currently appropriate for our operations. We retain a substantial portion of our workers compensation and general liability costs through self-insured retentions and large deductibles. There is no assurance that any insurance coverage maintained by us will be adequate or that we will not experience claims in excess of our coverage limits; that we can continue to obtain and maintain such insurance at all; or that our premium costs will not rise to an extent that they will adversely affect our ability to economically obtain or maintain such insurance. As with the vast majority of businesses in the United States, we do not have insurance coverage related to business interruptions or other effects of any pandemic (and specifically COVID-19). We carry employment practices insurance, which covers claims involving matters such as harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination; however, it excludes class and collective action wage and hour claims. A settlement or judgment against us in excess of, or outside of, our coverage limitations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity, financial position and business. See Limitations in our insurance coverage or rising insurance costs could adversely affect our business or financial condition in certain circumstances in Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS 
 We believe that our trademarks, service marks and other proprietary rights have significant value and are important to our brand-building effort and the marketing of our restaurant concept. Our domestically-registered trademarks and service marks include, among others, our stylized logos displaying the name BJ s for restaurant services, restaurant and bar services, on-line ordering and take-out restaurant services and the word mark BJ s for restaurant and bar services, take-out and carry-out restaurant services. We have also registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office many of our standard and seasonal beer logos and names, as well as many of our signature menu item names including Pizookie for our proprietary dessert and Enlightened Entrees and Craft Matters for our branding. We have registered our BJ s logo mark in a number of foreign countries. Additional domestic and foreign trademark applications are pending. We have also registered our ownership of the internet domain name www.bjsrestaurants.com and other internet domain names. We have in the past protected, and expect to continue to vigorously protect, our proprietary rights. We cannot predict whether steps taken by us to protect our proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of these rights or the use by others of restaurant features based upon, or otherwise similar to, our concept and products. There may be other restaurants, retailers and/or businesses that also use our marks in some form or fashion throughout the United States and abroad. It may be difficult for us to prevent others from copying elements of our concept. Any litigation undertaken to enforce our rights will likely be costly. In addition, we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights. Defending these claims may be costly and, if unsuccessful, may prevent us from continuing to use certain intellectual property rights or information in the future and may result in a judgment or monetary damages. 
 ITEM 1A. RIS K FACTORS 
 The risk factors presented below may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. The risks described in this Item 1A and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not exhaustive and are not the only risks we may ever face in our business. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict those events or how they may affect us. There may be other risks and uncertainties that are not currently known or that are currently deemed by us to be immaterial. However, they may ultimately adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. In addition to the risk factors presented below, changes in general economic conditions, credit markets, consumer tastes, discretionary spending patterns, demographic trends, 
 13 

and consumer confidence in the economy, all of which affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining occasions, may have a material impact on us. 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Federal, state and local government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic have disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business. During fiscal 2020, 2021, and early fiscal 2022, state and local governments imposed a variety of restrictions on people and businesses, and public health authorities offered regular guidance on health and safety, which have caused and may continue to cause consumers to avoid or limit gatherings in public places or social interactions. The impact of any health pandemic on us might be disproportionately greater than on other casual dining concepts that have lower guest traffic and that depend less on the social gathering of people. 
 It is possible that a resurgence in cases or further localized or widespread outbreaks of COVID-19 or new variants thereof could require us to reduce our capacity or suspend our in-restaurant dining operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and these responses have affected and may continue to adversely affect our guest traffic, sales and operating costs, and we cannot predict whether an increase in cases or localized or widespread outbreaks will occur and whether future government responses thereto may impact us. In addition, any resurgence of COVID-19 or variants thereof could negatively impact our suppliers, and we could face shortages of food items or other supplies at our restaurants, and our operations and sales could be adversely impacted by such supply interruptions. 
 Risks Related to our Restaurant Business, Operations and Future Growth 
 The restaurant industry is highly competitive. Any inability to maintain our brand image and compete effectively in the restaurant industry may adversely affect our revenues, profitability and financial results. 
 The restaurant industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of the taste, quality and price of food offered, customer service, brand name identification, beer quality and selection, facilities attractiveness, restaurant location, atmosphere and overall dining experience. In addition, we compete with other restaurants and retailers for real estate. Our competitors include a large and diverse group of restaurant chains and individual restaurants that range from independent local operators that have opened restaurants in various markets to well-capitalized national restaurant companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. 
 In addition to other casual dining restaurants, we face competition from an array of food-away-from-home alternatives, including fast casual restaurants, single-serve operations, quick-service restaurants and the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry which offers convenient meals in the form of improved entr es and side dishes from the deli section. We also continue to face pressure for consumer discretionary spending on restaurant occasions, as well as, less expensive alternatives to BJ s. 
 Our ability to effectively compete in the restaurant industry, the successful operation of the BJ s restaurant concept and the execution of our national expansion plan are all highly dependent upon BJ s ability to remain relevant to consumers and being a brand they trust. Any incident that erodes consumer trust in or affinity for the BJ s brand may significantly reduce its value. If consumers perceive or experience any reduction in our food or beverage quality, service or facility ambiance, or in any way believe we failed to deliver a consistently positive dining experience, our ability to compete and the value of the BJ s brand may be impaired. In addition, if other restaurants are able to promote and deliver a higher degree of perceived value through heavy discounting or other methods, our guest traffic levels may suffer which would adversely impact our revenues and profitability. 
 Our inability or failure to successfully and sufficiently raise menu prices to offset rising costs and expenses may adversely affect guest traffic and our results of operations. 
 In the past, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced dramatic price increases of certain items necessary to operate our restaurants and brewing operations, including increases in the cost of food, commodities, labor, team member benefits, insurance arrangements, construction, energy and other costs. We utilize menu price increases to help offset the increased cost of commodities, minimum wage and other costs. However, there is no guarantee that our menu price increases will be accepted by our guests. If our costs increase, our operating margins and results of operations will be adversely affected if we are unable to increase our menu prices to offset such increased costs or if our increased menu prices result in less guest traffic. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that menu price increases will not deter guests from visiting our restaurants, reduce the frequency of their visits or affect their purchasing decisions. 
 14 

Negative publicity about us, our restaurants, other restaurants, or others across the food supply chain, due to food borne illness or for other reasons, whether or not accurate, may adversely affect the reputation and popularity of our restaurants and our results of operations. 
 The good reputation of our restaurants is a key factor to the success of our business. Incidents that occur at any of our restaurants, or at restaurants operated by other foodservice providers or generally in the food supply chain, may be damaging to the restaurant industry overall, may specifically harm our brand and reputation and may quickly result in negative publicity for us, which may adversely affect our sales and popularity with our guests. Moreover, negative publicity resulting from poor food quality, illness, injury, food tampering or other health concerns, whether related to one of our restaurants, to the restaurant industry, or to the beef, seafood, poultry or produce industries (such as negative publicity concerning the accumulation of carcinogens in seafood, e-coli, hepatitis A, Avian Flu, listeria, salmonella, and other food-borne illnesses), or operating problems related to one or more of our restaurants, may adversely affect sales for all of our restaurants and make our brand and menu offerings less appealing to consumers. 
 In addition, our brewing operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers, such as potential contamination of ingredients or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into products or packaging. While we have not experienced any serious contamination problem in our products, the occurrence of such a problem may result in a costly product recall and serious damage to our reputation for product quality, as well as claims for product liability. 
 Health concerns arising from food-borne or other illnesses or specific categories of foods may adversely affect our business. 
 The United States and other countries have experienced, or may experience in the future, outbreaks of viruses, such as COVID-19 pandemic, Avian Flu or SARS, and H1N1 or swine flu, or other diseases such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy, commonly known as mad cow disease. If a virus is transmitted by human contact, our team members or guests may become infected, or may choose, or be advised, to avoid gathering in public places, any of which may adversely affect our restaurant guest traffic and our ability to adequately staff our restaurants, receive deliveries on a timely basis or perform functions at the corporate level. We also may be adversely affected if jurisdictions in which we have restaurants impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations. Even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may adversely affect our business. 
 Although we follow industry standard food safety protocols and continue to enhance our food safety and quality assurance procedures, no food safety protocols can completely eliminate the risk of food-borne illness in any restaurant. To the extent that a virus or disease is food-borne, or perceived to be food-borne, any future outbreaks or the possibility of such outbreaks may adversely affect guest traffic generally or the price and availability of certain food products which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. Even if food-borne illnesses arise from conditions outside of our control, the negative publicity from any such illnesses is likely to be significant. If our restaurant guests or team members become ill from food-borne illnesses, we may be forced to temporarily close the affected restaurants. 
 In addition, public concern over health risks associated with certain foods may cause fear about the consumption of menu items which incorporate such foods. If we change our menu in response to such concerns, we may lose guests who do not prefer the new menu, and we may not be able to sufficiently attract new guests to produce the revenue needed to restore the profitability of our restaurant operations. 
 Any deterioration in general economic conditions which adversely affects consumer spending, our landlords or businesses neighboring our locations, may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Any decrease in guest traffic or the average expenditure per guest will negatively impact our financial results, since reduced sales result in the deleveraging of the fixed and semi-fixed costs in our operations and thereby cause downward pressure on our operating profits and margins. There is also a risk that if negative economic conditions persist for a long period of time or worsen, consumers may make long-lasting changes to their discretionary purchasing behavior, including less frequent discretionary purchases on a more permanent basis. 
 In addition, deterioration in general economic conditions may adversely affect our landlords abilities to satisfy obligations to us under leases, including failures to fund or reimburse agreed-upon tenant improvement allowances. If our landlords are unable to obtain sufficient credit to continue to properly manage their retail centers, we may experience a drop in the level of quality of such centers where we operate restaurants. Our future development of new restaurants may also be adversely affected by the negative financial situation of developers and potential landlords. Any such adverse developments with respect to our landlords may adversely impact our operations. 
 Our restaurants are generally located in or around high traffic retail developments with nationally recognized co-tenants, which help increase overall guest traffic into those retail developments. Some of our co-tenants have ceased or may cease operations 
 15 

in the future or have deferred openings or fail to open in a retail development after committing to do so. These failures may lead to reduced guest traffic and a general deterioration in the surrounding retail centers in which our restaurants are located and may contribute to lower guest traffic at our restaurants. If these retail developments experience high vacancy rates, any resulting decrease in guest traffic may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Changes in consumer buying patterns, particularly e-commerce sites and off-premise sales affect our revenues, operating results and liquidity. 
 Our restaurants are primarily located near high consumer activity areas such as regional malls, lifestyle centers, big box shopping centers and entertainment centers. We depend in large part on a high volume of visitors to these centers to attract guests to our restaurants. E-commerce or online shopping continues to increase and negatively impact consumer traffic at traditional brick and mortar retail sites located in regional malls, lifestyle centers, big box shopping centers and entertainment centers. A decline in visitors to these centers near our restaurants may negatively affect our sales. Closures of traditional brick and mortar retail sites may lead to reduced guest traffic and a general deterioration in the surrounding retail centers in which our restaurants are located and may contribute to lower guest traffic at our restaurants. 
 Any adverse change in consumer trends or traffic levels may adversely affect our business, revenues and results of operations. 
 Due to the nature of the restaurant industry, we are dependent upon consumer trends with respect to the public s tastes, eating habits, public perception toward alcohol consumption and discretionary spending priorities, as well as consumer traffic rates at the sites surrounding our restaurants, which are primarily located in high-activity areas such as urban, retail, mixed-use and lifestyle centers. In general, such consumer trends and visit frequencies are significantly affected by many factors, including national, regional or local economic conditions, changes in area demographics, public perception and attitudes, increases in regional competition, food, liquor and labor costs, traffic and shopping patterns, weather, natural disasters, interest rates, co-tenancies in urban, retail and mixed-use and lifestyle centers and the availability and relative cost of gasoline. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond to such changing consumer preferences, tastes, eating and purchasing habits, as well as other factors affecting the restaurant industry, including new market entrants and demographic changes. Any adverse change in any of the above factors and our inability to respond to such changes may cause our restaurant volumes to decline and adversely affect our business, revenues and results of operations. 
 Changes in off-premise sales or costs may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Delivery from our restaurants is primarily accomplished by utilizing third-party delivery companies. These third-party delivery companies require us to pay them a commission, which adversely affects our profit margin on those sales. Off-premise sales could cannibalize dine-in sales, or our systems and procedures may not be sufficient to handle off-premise sales, which require additional investments in technology or people. To the extent that off-premise sales significantly reduce dine-in guest traffic or result in the need for additional expenditures to meet demand, our operating results will be adversely affected. In addition, if third-party delivery services cease doing business with us, or cannot make their scheduled deliveries, or do not continue their relationship with us on favorable terms, it would have a negative impact on sales or result in increased third-party delivery fees. 
 Any inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media may adversely affect our business. 
 There has been a significant increase in the use of social media and similar platforms. Consumers value readily available information concerning goods and services that they have or plan to purchase and may act on such information without further investigation or authentication. The dissemination of information online regarding our Company or our restaurants, together with any resulting negative publicity, may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, regardless of the information s accuracy. 
 As part of our marketing efforts, we use a variety of digital platforms including search engines, mobile, online videos and social media platforms such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and TikTok to attract and retain guests. We also test new technology platforms to improve our level of digital engagement with our guests and team members to help strengthen our marketing and related consumer analytics capabilities. These initiatives may not prove to be successful and may result in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues or increased engagement. 
 Any inability or failure to successfully expand our restaurant operations or open and adequately staff new restaurants may adversely affect our growth rate and results of operations. 
 A critical factor in our future success is our ability to expand our restaurant operations successfully, which will depend in large part on our ability to open new restaurants in a profitable manner. We anticipate that our new restaurants will generally take several months or even longer to reach targeted productivity levels due to the inefficiencies typically associated with new restaurants, including lack of initial market and consumer awareness, the need to hire and train sufficient management and 
 16 

restaurant team members and other factors. The opening of new restaurants can also have either an expected or an unintended effect on the sales levels at existing restaurants. We cannot guarantee any restaurant we open will obtain operating results similar to those of our existing restaurants. If we are unable to open and operate new restaurants successfully, our growth rate and our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our expansion plans may also be impacted by the delay or cancellation of potential new sites by developers and landlords, which may become more common as a result of economic deterioration or tightening credit markets. 
 In order to achieve our targeted capacity rate of new restaurant growth, we intend to open new restaurants in both established and new markets. Opening new restaurants in established markets generally provides some advantages in the form of stronger levels of initial consumer awareness, trial and usage, as well as greater leverage of certain supply chain and field supervision resources. On the other hand, there is a risk that a portion of the sales of existing restaurants in the market may transfer to newly opened restaurants in the same market, resulting in negative pressure on our overall comparable restaurant sales metric. While we do not generally select locations for our new restaurants where we believe that a significant sales transfer will likely occur, some unexpected sales transfer may inadvertently occur. 
 Some of our new restaurants may be planned for new markets where we have little or no operating experience. New markets may have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets. As a result, new restaurants in those markets may be less successful than restaurants in our existing markets. Consumers in a new market may not be familiar with the BJ s brand. We also may find it more difficult to hire, motivate and retain qualified team members in new markets. Restaurants opened in new markets may also have lower average restaurant sales than restaurants opened in our existing markets, and may have higher construction, occupancy or operating costs than restaurants in existing markets. Sales at restaurants opened in new markets may take longer to achieve margins typical of mature restaurants in existing markets or may never achieve these targeted margins thereby affecting our overall profitability. As we expand into new markets and geographic territories, our operating cost structures may not resemble our experience in existing markets. Because there will initially be fewer restaurants in a given market, our ability to optimally leverage our field supervision, marketing and supply chain resources will be limited for a period of time. Further, our overall new restaurant development and operating costs may increase due to more lengthy geographic distances between restaurants resulting in higher purchasing, preopening, labor, transportation and supervision costs. The performance of restaurants in new markets will often be less predictable. 
 As part of our ongoing restaurant expansion and growth strategy, we may consider the internal development or acquisition of additional restaurant concepts. We may not be able to internally develop or acquire additional concepts that are as profitable as our existing restaurants. Additionally, growth through acquisitions will also involve additional financial and operational risks. 
 Our inability to renew existing leases on favorable terms may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The majority of our restaurants are located on leased premises and are subject to varying lease-specific arrangements. Some of our leases require base rent that is subject to regional cost-of-living increases and other leases include base rent with specified periodic increases. Other leases are subject to renewal at fair market value, which may involve substantial increases. Additionally, many leases require contingent rent based on a percentage of gross sales. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew our expiring leases after exercising all remaining renewal options. As a result, we may incur additional costs to operate our restaurants, including increased rent and other costs related to our renegotiation of lease terms for an existing leased premise or for a new lease in a desirable location and the relocation and development of a replacement restaurant. 
 Any inability to retain key personnel or difficulties in recruiting qualified personnel may adversely affect our business until a suitable replacement is found. 
 The success of our business continues to depend on the contributions of our senior management team, both individually and as a group. Our senior executives have been instrumental in setting our strategic direction, operating our business, identifying, recruiting and training key personnel, identifying expansion opportunities and arranging necessary financing. Losing the services of any of these individuals may materially adversely affect our business until a suitable replacement is found. We believe that these individuals cannot easily be replaced with executives of equal experience and capabilities. 
 Additionally, when unemployment levels are low or labor markets are otherwise challenged, it is difficult and more expensive for us to fully staff our restaurants. While we do our best to avoid business interruptions in our operating restaurants, as well as delays in opening our new restaurants, there is no guarantee or assurance that we can avoid this in the future. 
 Any adverse changes in the cost of food , brewing commodities and other materials, including cost increases caused by inflation, or global conflicts may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our supply chain department negotiates prices for all of our ingredients and supplies through contracts, spot market purchases or commodity pricing formulas. Furthermore, various factors beyond our control, including the lingering effects of the 
 17 

COVID-19 pandemic, adverse weather conditions and governmental regulations, as well as increased public concern over food safety standards and local and state governmental requirements, could materially harm our business and may also cause our food and supply costs to increase. We cannot predict whether we will be able to anticipate and react to changing food and supply costs or safety incidents by adjusting our purchasing practices. s. We also have a single or a limited number of suppliers for certain of our commodity and supply items. Accordingly, supply chain risk may increase our costs and limit the availability of some products that are critical to our restaurant and brewing operations, which may adversely affect our operating results or cash flows from operations. 
 The overall cost environment for food commodities can be volatile primarily due to domestic and worldwide agricultural supply/demand and other macroeconomic factors that are outside of our control, including recent inflationary trends, military, and geopolitical conflicts. The availability and prices of food commodities are also influenced by energy prices, droughts, animal-related diseases, natural disasters, the relationship of the dollar to other currencies, government regulated tariffs and other issues. Virtually all commodities purchased and used in the restaurant industry (meats, grains, oils, dairy products, and energy) have varying amounts of inherent price volatility associated with them. Our suppliers also may be affected by higher costs to produce and transport commodities used in our restaurants and brewpubs, labor shortages, higher minimum wage and benefit costs, and other expenses that they pass through to their customers, which may result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. While we attempt to manage these factors by offering a diversified menu and by contracting for our key commodities for extended periods of time whenever feasible and possible, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in this respect due to the many factors that are outside of our control. In addition, raw materials that we may purchase on the international market are subject to fluctuations in both the value of the U.S. dollar, government regulated tariffs and increases in local demand, which may increase our costs and negatively impact our profitability. 
 We and our major independent third-party brewing partners purchase a substantial portion of brewing raw materials and products, primarily malt and hops, from a limited number of domestic and foreign suppliers. We purchase a majority of our malts from a single supplier with multiple sources of malts. We generally enter into one-year purchase commitments with our malt and hops suppliers, based on the projected future volumes and brewing needs. We are exposed to the quality of the barley crop each year, and significant failure of a crop may adversely affect our beer costs. The quality and availability of the hops may be materially adversely affected by factors such as adverse weather and changes in currency exchange rates, resulting in increased prices. Hops and malt are agricultural products and, therefore, many outside factors, including weather conditions, farmers rotating out of hops or barley to other crops, government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture, may affect both price and supply. 
 We may be subject to increased labor costs resulting from wage pressure, higher turnover and changes in government regulations, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our restaurant operations are subject to federal, state and local laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions, overtime and tip credits. As federal, state and local minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage team members, but also the wages paid to team members at wage rates that are above minimum wage. Over the last several years, low unemployment, new restaurant growth, competition and state minimum wage increases have resulted in unprecedented wage pressure in the restaurant industry for managers and hourly team members. Labor shortages, increased team member turnover and health care and other benefit mandates have increased and could continue to increase our labor costs. The increased operating costs from wage related increases, or potential other benefit offerings to remain competitive in the labor market could adversely affect our results of operations, especially if we are to effectively implement price increases to offset such additional costs. 
 Any inability or failure of distributors or suppliers to provide food and beverages to us in a timely fashion may adversely affect our reputation, guest patronage, revenues and results of operations. 
 If our distributors, suppliers and independent third-party brewers cease doing business with us, or cannot make a scheduled delivery to us, or are unable to obtain credit in a tightened credit market or experience other issues, we may experience short-term product supply shortages in some or all of our restaurants and may be required to purchase food, beer and beverage products from alternate suppliers at higher prices. We may also be forced to temporarily remove popular items from the menu offering of our restaurants. If alternative suppliers cannot meet our current product specifications, the consistency and quality of our food and beverage offerings, and thus our reputation, guest patronage, revenues and results of operations, may be adversely affected. 
 Any inability of us to secure or maintain third-party beer distribution arrangements may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Pursuant to various laws and regulations, the majority of our proprietary craft beer must be distributed to our restaurants through independent wholesale beer distributors, whether we produce the beer or it is produced by independent third-party brewers. Although we currently have arrangements with a sufficient number of beer distributors in all markets where we 
 18 

operate restaurants, our continued national expansion will require us to enter into agreements with additional beer distributors. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain or secure additional beer distributors on terms favorable to us. Changes in control or ownership of the participants in our current beer distribution network may lead to less willingness on the part of certain distributors to carry our proprietary craft beer. Our beer distribution agreements are generally terminable by the distributor on short notice. Our ability to maintain our existing beer distribution agreements may also be adversely affected by the fact that many of our distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and, therefore, they may be influenced by such producers. If our existing beer distribution agreements are terminated, we may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms or it may take some time to enter into a replacement agreement, which may result in a disruption in the supply of our proprietary craft beer or an increase in the delivered cost of beer to our restaurants. 
 Any inability of our internal or independent third-party brewers to timely supply our beer may adversely affect our operating results. 
 If the independent third-party brewers cease doing business with us or cannot make a scheduled delivery to us because of a supply chain or production disruption or other issues, or if we cannot otherwise satisfy our internal brewing requirements, we may experience short-term supply shortages in some or all of our restaurants which may result in a loss of revenue. Potential disruptions include labor issues, governmental and regulatory actions, quality issues, contractual disputes, machinery failures or operational shut downs. Additionally, if these independent third-party brewers cease doing business with us, we may be required to purchase or brew our own beer at higher costs to us, or we may not be able to sell our proprietary craft beer at all, until we are able to secure an alternative supply source. If the independent third-party brewers fail to adhere to our proprietary recipe and brewing specifications, the consistency and quality of beer offerings, and thus our reputation, guest patronage, revenues and results of operations, may be adversely affected. Additionally, financial stability of those brewing operations where we currently contract for our proprietary craft beer production, as well as their ability or willingness to continue to meet our beer production requirements, continues to be a significant risk in our business model. Accordingly, there can be no guarantees that our proprietary brewing requirements will continue to be met in the future. 
 From time to time, we or the independent third-party brewers and manufacturers may also experience shortages of kegs necessary to distribute our craft beer. We distribute our craft beer in kegs that are currently owned by us; however, in the past we have also leased them from third-party vendors and we are responsible for providing kegs to the independent third-party brewers that produce our proprietary craft beer. 
 Any adverse weather conditions, seasonal fluctuations, natural disasters and environmental matters, including the effects of climate change, may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters, such as fires, hurricanes, freezing weather or earthquakes (particularly in California where our centralized operating systems and Restaurant Support Center administrative personnel are located) may unfavorably affect our operations and financial performance. Any of the foregoing events may result in physical damage, temporary or permanent closure, lack of an adequate work force, or temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of food, beverages, electric, water, sewer and waste disposal services necessary for our restaurants or Restaurant Support Center to operate. 
 In addition, there has been increasing focus by the United States and overseas governmental authorities and investors on other environmental matters, such as climate change, which may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related events and conditions, such as drought and forest fires. This increased focus on climate change and efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, waste, and water consumption may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating a yet to be specified array of environmental matters. Legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in the cost of raw materials, taxes, transportation and utilities, which could affect our results of operations and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment. 
 We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately 
 19 

support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims. 
 Our corporate office is located in California and a significant number of our restaurants are located in California, Texas and Florida which makes us particularly sensitive to economic, regulatory, weather and other risk factors and conditions are more prevalent in those states. 
 Our corporate office is located in California and a significant number of our restaurants are concentrated in California, Texas and Florida. As a result, we are particularly susceptible to adverse trends and economic conditions in those states. Many states and municipalities in which our restaurants are located may experience severe revenue and budget shortfalls. Additionally, changes in state and municipal-level regulatory requirements, such as increases to the minimum wage rate, scheduling or other labor constraints not experienced in other locations, income taxes, unemployment insurance, as well as other taxes, mandatory healthcare coverage or paid leave where we operate or may desire to operate restaurants, may adversely impact our financial results. Additionally, we believe that California is subject to a greater risk for earthquakes, fires, water shortages, energy fluctuations and other natural and man-made disasters than most other states. 
 Risks Related to Data Security and Technology 
 We rely heavily upon information technology and related data security systems, including credit card processing and our loyalty and team member engagement programs, and any failure or interruption of these systems, including those operated by third parties, may adversely affect our ability to efficiently operate our business. 
 We rely heavily on electronic information systems in all aspects of our operations, including (but not limited to) point-of-sale transaction processing in our restaurants; credit card processing; efficient operation of our restaurant kitchens; management of our inventories and overall supply chain; collection of cash; payment of payroll and other obligations; and, various other processes and procedures including our guest loyalty and team member engagement programs. Our ability to efficiently manage our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of our in-house information systems and those technology services and systems that we contract for from third parties. Although we and our third-party providers have operational safeguards in place, these safeguards may not be effective in preventing the failure of any of our or third-party systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. Our electronic information systems, including our back-up systems, and those of our third-party providers, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, cyber-attacks, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and/or errors by our team members. While we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot fully insulate us from technology disruption. If any of the critical IT systems on which we rely were to become unreliable, unavailable, compromised or otherwise fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our reputation as a brand or as an employer. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents which result in unauthorized access, theft, modification or destruction of confidential information that is stored in our systems or by third parties on our behalf, including confidential business, team member, or guest data. 
 Cybersecurity incidents or other unauthorized access to systems may result in disruption to our operations, corruption or theft of critical data, confidential information or intellectual property. As reliance on technology continues to grow and more business activities have shifted online, the risk associated with any cybersecurity incidents have grown. While we, and our third-party vendors, have implemented security systems and infrastructure to prevent, detect, and/or mitigate the risk of unauthorized access to technology systems or platforms, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. Any cybersecurity or similar incident involving confidential information of our business, guests or team members could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, a loss of revenues, disruption of our business, litigation and regulatory actions. Significant capital investments might be required to remediate any problems, infringements, misappropriations or other third-party claims. 
 Risk Related to Regulations and Legal Proceedings 
 Federal, state and local beer, liquor and food service regulations and any violations thereof may adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 We are required to operate in compliance with federal laws and regulations relating to alcoholic beverages administered by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Department of Treasury, as well as the laws and licensing requirements for alcoholic beverages of states and municipalities where our restaurants are or will be located. In addition, each restaurant must obtain a food service license from local authorities. Failure to comply with federal, state or local regulations may cause our licenses to be revoked and force us to cease the brewing or sale of alcoholic beverages, or both, or the serving of 
 20 

food at our restaurants. Additionally, state liquor laws may prevent or impede the expansion of our restaurants into certain markets. The liquor laws of certain states prevent us from selling the beer brewed at our restaurants. Any difficulties, delays or failures in obtaining such licenses, permits or approvals may delay or prevent the opening of a restaurant in a particular area or increase the costs associated therewith. If we are unable to obtain or maintain our existing licenses, our guest patronage, revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected. Or, if we choose to open a restaurant in those states where the number of available licenses is limited, the cost of a new license may be significant. 
 Brewing operations require various federal, state, and local licenses, permits and approvals. Our restaurants and on-site brewpubs operate pursuant to exceptions to the tied house laws, which created the three tier system of liquor distribution. These tied house laws generally prohibit brewers from holding retail licenses and prohibit vertical integration in ownership and control among the three tiers. Brewing restaurants and brewpubs operate under exceptions to these general prohibitions. Generally, our brewing restaurants are licensed as retailers with limited privileges to brew beer on the restaurant premises, and we do not have the same privileges as a microbrewery. Other restrictions imposed by law may prevent us from operating both brewing restaurants and non-brewing restaurants in some states. We are at risk that a state s regulations concerning brewing restaurants or the interpretation of these regulations may change. Because of the many and various state and federal licensing and permitting requirements, there is a significant risk that one or more regulatory agencies may determine that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations or have not maintained the approvals necessary for us to conduct business within its jurisdiction. Even after the issuance of our licenses, our operations may be subject to differing interpretations of the tied house laws and the requirements of the three tier system of liquor distribution in any jurisdiction that we conduct business. Any such changes in interpretation may adversely impact our current model of brewing beer or supplying beer, or both, to our restaurants in that state, and may also cause us to lose, either temporarily or permanently, the licenses, permits and registrations necessary to conduct our restaurant operations, and subject us to fines and penalties. 
 The manufacture, distribution and sale of alcoholic beverages is highly regulated and taxed under federal, state and local laws and regulations. Our operations are subject to more restrictive regulations and increased taxation by federal, state, and local governmental entities than are those of non-alcohol related beverage businesses. Failure to comply with applicable federal, state, or local laws and regulations may result in higher taxes, penalties, fees, and suspension or revocation of permits, licenses or approvals. The loss or revocation of any existing licenses, permits or approvals, and/or the failure to obtain any required additional or new licenses, permits, or approvals may have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. 
 Increasing the federal and/or state excise tax on alcoholic beverages, or certain types of alcoholic beverages, is frequently proposed in various jurisdictions either to increase revenues or discourage purchase by underage drinkers. If adopted, these measures may affect some or all of our proprietary craft beer products. If federal or state excise taxes are increased, we may have to raise prices to maintain our current profit margins. Higher taxes may reduce overall demand for beer, thus negatively impacting sales of our beer. Some states have also been reviewing the state tax treatment for flavored malt beverages which may result in increased costs for us, as well as decreased sales. 
 Compliance with cybersecurity, privacy and similar laws may involve significant costs and any failure to comply could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 Cybersecurity breaches also could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, and subject us to private consumer, business partner, or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA provides a private right of action for data breaches and requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices and allow consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions). Compliance with the CPRA and other current and future privacy, cybersecurity and related laws may be involve significant costs. If we fail to properly respond to security breaches of our or third-party s information technology systems or fail to properly respond to consumer requests under the CPRA or any similar laws adopted in other states, our reputation and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws, government regulation, and other legal requirements and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any new laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Our business is subject to large number of federal, state, and laws and regulations, including those relating to: 
 
 the production, distribution and sale of alcoholic beverages; 

employment practices and working conditions, including, among others, minimum wage and other wage and benefit requirements, overtime pay, meal and rest breaks, predictive scheduling, paid leave requirements, work eligibility requirements, team member classification as exempt/non-exempt for overtime and other purposes, immigration status, workplace safety, discrimination, and harassment; 

21 

public accommodations and safety conditions, including the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations, and other areas; 

environmental matters, such as emissions and air quality, water consumption, and the discharge, storage, handling, release, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances; 

preparation, sale and labeling of food, including regulations of the Food and Drug Administration, including those relating to inspections and food recalls, menu labeling and nutritional content; 

data privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information, and payment card industry standards and requirements; 

building and zoning requirements, including state and local licensing and regulation governing the design and operation of facilities and land use, 

health, sanitation, safety and fire standards; and 

public company compliance, disclosure and governance matters, including accounting regulations, SEC and NASDAQ disclosure requirements. 

Compliance with these laws and regulations, and future new laws or changes in these laws or regulations that impose additional requirements, can be costly. Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities may result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Compliance with these laws and regulations can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. 
 We may become party to legal proceedings which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by team members, guests, suppliers, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class or collective actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. These actions and proceedings may involve allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including wage and hour violations and employment discrimination; guest discrimination; food safety issues including poor food quality, food-borne illness, food tampering, food contamination, and adverse health effects from consumption of various food products or high-calorie foods (including obesity); other personal injury; violation of dram-shop laws (providing an injured party with recourse against an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages to an intoxicated party who then causes injury to himself or a third-party); trademark or patent infringement; violation of the federal securities laws; or other concerns. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The cost to defend litigation may be significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that may decrease guest acceptance of our brands, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or we ultimately are found liable. Litigation may impact our operations in other ways as well. Allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, for example, may adversely affect team member acquisition and retention. Also, some employment related claims in the area of wage and hour disputes are not insurable risks. We also are subject to claims and disputes from landlords under our leases, which may lead to litigation or a threatened or actual lease termination. Litigation of any nature may be expensive to defend, may adversely affect our reputation and the reputation of our restaurants, and may divert money and management s attention from our operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Any inability to access sources of capital and/or to raise capital in the future on favorable terms may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 There can be no guarantee that additional financing will be readily available or available on favorable terms, or at all. The unavailability of financing when needed may adversely affect our growth and other plans, as well as our financial condition. Even if available, additional financing may involve significant cash payment obligations, covenants and financial ratios that restrict our ability to operate and grow our business, and would cause us to incur additional interest expense and financing costs. 
 22 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and our shareholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, as it has during the COVID-19 pandemic, and our shareholders may not be able to resell their shares at or above the price they paid for them. Those fluctuations may be based on various factors, including the following: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in comparable restaurant sales or operating results, whether in our operations or in those of our competitors; 

changes in financial estimates or opinions by research analysts, either with respect to us or other casual dining companies; 

any failure to meet investor or analyst expectations, particularly with respect to total restaurant operating weeks, number of restaurant openings, comparable restaurant sales, average weekly sales per restaurant, total revenues, operating margins and net income per share; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

actual or anticipated changes in domestic or worldwide economic, political or market conditions, such as recessions or international currency fluctuations; 

changes in the consumer spending environment; 

terrorist acts; 

union organization; 

changes in laws or regulations, or new interpretations or applications of laws and regulations, that are applicable to our business; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in the shares of our common stock; 

future sales or issuances of our common stock, including sales or issuances by us, our directors or executive officers and our significant shareholders; 

our dividend policy; 

changes in the market valuations of other restaurant companies; 

actions by shareholders, including actions of activist investors or unsolicited takeover proposals; 

various market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, involving us, our suppliers and distributors, whether accurate or not; 

announcements by us or our competitors of new locations, menu items, technological advances, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, divestitures, joint ventures or other strategic initiatives; 

the addition or loss of a key member of management; and 

changes in the costs or availability of key inputs to our operations. 

In addition, we cannot assure that an active trading market for our common stock will continue which may affect our stock price and the liquidity of any investment in our common stock. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 RESTAURANT LOCATIONS 	 
 As of February 27, 2023, we owned and operated a total of 216 restaurants located in the following 30 states: 
 
 23 

Number of Restaurants 

Alabama 

2 

Arizona 

7 

Arkansas 

2 

California 

60 

Colorado 

6 

Connecticut 

1 

Florida 

22 

Illinois 

1 

Indiana 

7 

Kansas 

1 

Kentucky 

3 

Louisiana 

3 

Maryland 

6 

Massachusetts 

2 

Michigan 

4 

Nevada 

7 

New Jersey 

2 

New Mexico 

2 

New York 

3 

North Carolina 

3 

Ohio 

14 

Oklahoma 

4 

Oregon 

2 

Pennsylvania 

4 

Rhode Island 

1 

South Carolina 

1 

Tennessee 

1 

Texas 

35 

Virginia 

6 

Washington 

4 

216 

All of our 216 existing restaurants are located on leased properties, and the average interior square footage is approximately 8,100 square feet. Many of our restaurants also have outdoor patios that are utilized when weather conditions permit. In addition to our restaurants, we operate two Texas brewpub locations. We own the underlying land for these brewpub locations, as well as two parcels of land adjacent to two of our operating restaurants. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew expiring leases after the expiration of all remaining renewal options. Most of our restaurant leases provide for contingent rent based on a percentage of restaurant sales (to the extent this amount exceeds a minimum base rent) and payment of certain occupancy-related expenses. We own substantially all of the equipment, furnishings and trade fixtures in our restaurants. Our Restaurant Support Center is located in an approximate 56,000 square foot leased space in Huntington Beach, California. Our Restaurant Support Center lease expires August 31, 2024. 
 Additional information concerning our leased properties is included in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of legal proceedings. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFE TY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHA REHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 MARKET INFORMATION 
 Our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol BJRI. As of February 27, 2023, we had approximately 138 shareholders of record. As many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of shareholders represented by these record holders. 
 STOCK-PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The Company has elected to use the S P 600 Restaurant Group index as its peer group for fiscal 2022. The following chart compares the five-year cumulative total stock performance of our common stock, the S P 600 Restaurant Group index and the S P 500 index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in our common stock and in each of the indices and that all dividends were reinvested. The measurement points utilized in the graph consist of the last trading day in each calendar year, which closely approximates the last day of our respective fiscal year. The historical stock performance presented below is not intended to and may not be indicative of future stock performance. 
 
 CALCULATION OF AGGREGATE MARKET VALUE OF NON-AFFILIATE SHARES 
 For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates as set forth on the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors and 5 or greater shareholders. In the case of 5 or greater shareholders, we have not deemed such shareholders to be affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such shareholders exercise any control over our Company, or unless they hold 10 or more of our outstanding common stock and are not qualified institutional investors or passive investors who have filed a Schedule 13G with respect to their ownership. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers, directors and 5 or greater shareholders are, in fact, affiliates of our Company, or that there are no other persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of our Company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors and principal shareholders, 
 25 

as well as information regarding our stock-based compensation plans, is included or incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 We have a shareholder approved stock-based compensation plan, the Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ), under which we may issue shares of our common stock to team members, officers, directors and consultants. Under the Plan, we have granted incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and restricted stock units. The following table provides information about the shares of our common stock that may be issued upon exercise of awards as of January 3, 2023 (share numbers in thousands): 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Stock Options 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Stock Options 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Stock-Based Compensation Plans 

Stock-based compensation plans approved by shareholders 

1,676 

40.48 

1,684 

Stock-based compensation plans not approved by shareholders 

Total 

1,676 

1,684 

DIVIDEND POLICY AND STOCK REPURCHASES 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we suspended quarterly cash dividends until such time as the Board of Directors determines that resumption of dividend payments is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The only cash dividends paid during fiscal 2022 were related to dividends declared prior to fiscal 2020, which vested under our stock compensation plans. 
 As of January 3, 2023, we have cumulatively repurchased shares valued at approximately 477.9 million in accordance with our approved share repurchase plan since its inception in 2014. We repurchased shares valued at approximately 2.4 million during fiscal 2022. The share repurchases were executed through open market purchases, and future share repurchases may be completed through a combination of individually negotiated transactions, accelerated share buyback, and/or open market purchases. As of January 3, 2023, we have approximately 22.1 million available under our share repurchase plan. 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to the repurchase of common shares during fiscal 2022: 

Period (1) 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Publicly Announced Plans 

Increase in Dollars for Share Repurchase Authorization 

Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

12/29/22 - 01/25/22 

24,438,776 

01/26/22 02/22/22 

24,438,776 

02/23/22 03/29/22 

24,438,776 

03/30/22 04/26/22 

24,438,776 

04/27/22 05/24/22 

24,438,776 

05/25/22 06/28/22 

24,438,776 

06/29/22 07/26/22 

24,438,776 

07/27/22 08/23/22 

13,211 

27.51 

13,211 

24,075,364 

08/24/22 09/27/22 

78,091 

25.89 

78,091 

22,053,808 

09/28/22 10/25/22 

22,053,808 

10/26/22 11/22/22 

22,053,808 

11/23/22 01/03/23 

22,053,808 

Total 

91,302 

91,302 

26 

ITEM 6. R ESERVED 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to help you understand our Company, our operations and our current operating environment. For an understanding of the significant factors that influenced our performance, the MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report. Our MD A consists of the following sections: 
 Overview - a brief description of our business, financial highlights, key performance indicators, known and anticipated trends 

Results of Operations - an analysis of our Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 

Liquidity and Capital Resources - an analysis of cash flows, including capital expenditures, share issuance and repurchase activity, dividends, contractual obligations and commitments, and known trends that may impact liquidity 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates, including new accounting standards 

OVERVIEW 
 As of February 27, 2023, we owned and operated 216 restaurants located in 30 states as described in Item 2 - Properties - Restaurant Locations in this Form 10-K. Our restaurants are typically open every day of the year except for Thanksgiving and Christmas. All of our restaurants currently offer take-out and delivery services. Additionally, all of our restaurants offer a call-ahead or online wait list, on-line ordering for dine-in, guest pick-up or curbside delivery and reservations for large parties. 
 Our menu features BJ s award winning, signature deep-dish pizza, our proprietary craft and other beers, as well as a wide selection of appetizers, entr es, pastas, sandwiches, specialty salads and desserts, including our Pizookie dessert. Our proprietary craft beer is produced at several of our locations, our Texas brewpub locations and by independent third-party brewers using our proprietary recipes. 
 Financial Highlights for Fiscal 2022 
 Notable fiscal 2022 financial highlights compared to fiscal 2021 include: 
 
 Total revenues increased 18.1 to 1.3 billion (53 weeks vs. 52 weeks) 

Total restaurant operating weeks increased 3.1 (53 weeks vs. 52 weeks) 

Comparable restaurant sales increased 14.0 (53 weeks vs. 53 weeks) 

Net income of 4.1 million compared to net loss of 3.6 million (53 weeks vs. 52 weeks) 

Diluted net income per share of 0.17 compared to diluted net loss per share of 0.16 (53 weeks vs. 52 weeks) 

Key Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Key measures that we use in evaluating our restaurants and assessing our business include the following: 
 Comparable Restaurant Sales. In calculating comparable restaurant sales, we include a restaurant in the comparable base once it has been open for 18 months. This measure highlights the performance of existing restaurants, while excluding the impact of new restaurant openings and closures. Comparable restaurant sales increased 14.0 for fiscal 2022 on a 53 week basis. 
 Restaurant Level Operating Margin . This non-GAAP financial measure is equal to the revenues generated by our restaurants, less their direct operating costs which consist of cost of sales, labor and benefits, and occupancy and operating costs. This performance measure primarily includes the costs that restaurant level managers can directly control and excludes other operating costs that are essential to conduct the Company s business. We, similar to most of our competitors, use restaurant level operating margin as a supplemental measure of restaurant performance and believe restaurant level operating margin is useful to investors in that it highlights trends in our core business that may not otherwise be apparent to investors when relying solely on GAAP financial measures. Because other companies may calculate restaurant level operating margin differently than we do, our restaurant level operating margin calculation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. A reconciliation of loss from operations to restaurant level operating margin for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 is set forth below: 
 
 27 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Loss from operations 

(5,480) 
 
 (0.4) 

(16,507) 
 
 (1.5) 

(86,431) 
 
 (11.1) 

General and administrative 

73,333 

5.7 

67,957 

6.3 

54,663 

7.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

70,385 

5.5 

72,753 

6.7 

73,124 

9.4 

Restaurant opening 

3,644 

0.3 

1,483 

0.1 

1,201 

0.2 

Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net 

6,200 

0.5 

3,946 

0.4 

17,141 

2.2 

Gain on lease transactions, net 

(3,318) 
 
 (0.3) 

(3,278) 
 
 (0.4) 

Restaurant level operating margin 

144,764 

11.3 

129,632 

11.9 

56,420 

7.2 

Adjusted EBITDA. This non-GAAP financial measure represents the sum of net income (loss) adjusted for certain expenses and gains/losses detailed within the reconciliation below. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our operating performance and believe this measure is useful to investors in that it highlights cash flow and trends in our business operations that may not otherwise be apparent to investors when relying solely on GAAP financial measures. Because other companies may calculate this measure differently than we do, our Adjusted EBITDA calculation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. A reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 is set forth below: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

4,076 

0.3 

(3,606) 
 
 (0.3) 

(57,885) 
 
 (7.4) 

Interest expense, net 

2,888 

0.2 

5,002 

0.5 

7,078 

0.9 

Income tax benefit 

(12,384) 
 
 (1.0) 

(15,576) 
 
 (1.4) 

(32,065) 
 
 (4.1) 

Depreciation and amortization 

70,385 

5.5 

72,753 

6.7 

73,124 

9.4 

Stock-based compensation expense 

10,098 

0.8 

10,331 

1.0 

9,791 

1.3 

Other income, net 

(60) 

(2,327) 
 
 (0.2) 

(1,275) 
 
 (0.2) 

Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net 

6,200 

0.5 

3,946 

0.4 

17,141 

2.2 

Gain from legal settlements 

(2,284) 
 
 (0.3) 

Gain on lease transactions, net 

(3,318) 
 
 (0.3) 

(3,278) 
 
 (0.4) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

77,885 

6.1 

70,523 

6.5 

10,347 

1.3 

Weekly Sales Average. We calculate each restaurant s average weekly revenue to understand and manage the business trends and expectations. Our weekly sales average was approximately 113,000, 99,000 and 72,000 for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Known or Anticipated Trends 
 Sales Growth . While most of our established restaurants operate close to full capacity during peak demand periods, we will continue to focus on ways to build sales, positively impact guest traffic and grow average check and weekly sales averages. We continue to focus on sales building initiatives to create more guest loyalty, increase the frequency of guest visits, further build our off-premise sales channel, better optimize our menu sales mix and develop other incremental opportunities to allow guests to utilize BJ s. We believe that all of these efforts combined with new restaurant openings offer significant growth opportunities and upside for weekly sales averages and comparable restaurant sales. 
 Restaurant Opening . Newly opened restaurants typically experience inefficiencies in the form of higher cost of sales, labor and direct operating and occupancy costs for several months after their opening relative to our more mature, established restaurants. Accordingly, the number and timing of new restaurant openings have had, and are expected to continue to have, an impact on restaurant opening expenses, cost of sales, labor and occupancy and operating expenses. Additionally, restaurant openings in new markets may experience even greater inefficiencies for several months, if not longer, due to lower initial sales volumes, which results from initially low consumer awareness levels, and a lack of supply chain and other operating cost leverage until additional restaurants can be opened in those markets. 
 Impacts of Inflation. During fiscal 2021 and 2022, heightened inflation had a material impact on our operations, new restaurant construction and corresponding return on invested capital. While we have been able to partially offset inflation and other changes in the costs of key operating inputs by gradually increasing menu prices, coupled with more efficient purchasing practices, productivity improvements and greater economies of scale, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. Increases in inflation could have a severe impact on the United States and global economies, which will have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, competitive conditions will limit our menu pricing flexibility. In addition, macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer discretionary spending for food away from home could make additional menu price increases imprudent. There can be no assurance that all of our future cost increases can be offset by higher menu prices or that higher menu prices will be accepted by our restaurant 
 28 

guests without any resulting changes in their visit frequencies or purchasing patterns. Many of the leases for our restaurants provide for contingent rent obligations based on a percentage of sales. As a result, rent expense will absorb a proportionate share of any menu price increases in our restaurants. There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate increases in comparable restaurant sales in amounts sufficient to offset inflationary or other cost pressures. 
 Accounting Terms and Characteristics 
 Revenues . Our revenues are comprised of food and beverage sales from our restaurants. Revenues from restaurant sales are recognized when payment is tendered. Amounts paid with a credit card are recorded in accounts and other receivables until payment is collected from the credit card processor. We sell gift cards which do not have an expiration date, and we do not deduct non-usage fees from outstanding gift card balances. Gift card sales are recorded as a liability and recognized as revenues upon redemption in our restaurants. Based on historical redemption rates, a portion of our gift card sales are not expected to be redeemed and will be recognized as gift card breakage. Estimated gift card breakage is recorded as revenue and recognized in proportion to our historical redemption pattern, unless there is a legal obligation to remit the unredeemed gift cards to government authorities. 
 Guest Loyalty Program . Our program enables participants to earn points for qualifying purchases that can be redeemed for food and beverages in the future. We allocate the transaction price between the goods delivered and the future goods that will be delivered, on a relative standalone selling price basis, and defer the revenues allocated to the points until such points are redeemed. 
 Comparable Sales and Guest Traffic . All of our restaurants are Company-owned. In calculating comparable restaurant sales, we include a restaurant in the comparable base once it has been open for 18 months. Guest traffic for our restaurants is estimated based on the number of guest checks. 
 Cost of Sales . Cost of sales is comprised of food and beverage costs, including the cost to produce and distribute our proprietary craft beer, soda and ciders. The components of cost of sales are variable and typically fluctuate directly with sales volumes, but may be impacted by changes in commodity prices, a shift in sales mix to higher cost proteins or other higher cost items, or varying levels of promotional activities. 
 Labor and Benefits . Labor and benefit costs include direct hourly and management wages, bonuses, payroll taxes, fringe benefits and stock-based compensation and workers compensation expense that is directly related to restaurant level team members. 
 Occupancy and Operating . Occupancy and operating expenses include restaurant supplies, credit card fees, third-party delivery company commissions, marketing costs, fixed rent, percentage rent, common area maintenance charges, utilities, real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance and other related restaurant costs. During fiscal 2020 and 2021, occupancy and operating expense also include COVID-19 related costs such as temporary patios and safety related items. 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative costs include all corporate administrative functions that support existing operations and provide infrastructure to facilitate our future growth. Components of this category include corporate management, field supervision and corporate hourly staff salaries and related team member benefits (including stock-based compensation expense and cash-based incentive compensation), travel and relocation costs, information systems, the cost to recruit and train new restaurant management team members, corporate rent, certain brand marketing-related expenses and legal, professional and consulting fees. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization are composed primarily of depreciation of capital expenditures for restaurant and brewing equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 Restaurant Opening . Restaurant opening expenses, which are expensed as incurred, consist of the costs of hiring and training the initial hourly work force for each new restaurant, travel, the cost of food and supplies used in training, grand opening promotional costs, the cost of the initial stock of operating supplies and other direct costs related to the opening of a restaurant, including rent during the construction and in-restaurant training period. 
 29 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, our Consolidated Statements of Operations both in dollars and as percentages of total revenues. All fiscal years presented consist of 52 weeks with the exception of fiscal year 2022, which consists of 53 weeks. Percentages below may not reconcile due to rounding. 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

1,283,926 

100.0 

1,087,038 

100.0 

778,510 

100.0 

Restaurant operating costs (excluding depreciation and amortization): 

Cost of sales 

349,645 

27.2 

288,110 

26.5 

195,573 

25.1 

Labor and benefits 

483,367 

37.6 

401,408 

36.9 

305,628 

39.3 

Occupancy and operating 

306,150 

23.8 

267,888 

24.6 

220,889 

28.4 

General and administrative 

73,333 

5.7 

67,957 

6.3 

54,663 

7.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

70,385 

5.5 

72,753 

6.7 

73,124 

9.4 

Restaurant opening 

3,644 

0.3 

1,483 

0.1 

1,201 

0.2 

Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net 

6,200 

0.5 

3,946 

0.4 

17,141 

2.2 

Gain on lease transactions, net 

(3,318) 
 
 (0.3) 

(3,278) 
 
 (0.4) 

Total costs and expenses 

1,289,406 

100.4 

1,103,545 

101.5 

864,941 

111.1 

Loss from operations 

(5,480) 
 
 (0.4) 

(16,507) 
 
 (1.5) 

(86,431) 
 
 (11.1) 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense, net 

(2,888) 
 
 (0.2) 

(5,002) 
 
 (0.5) 

(7,078) 
 
 (0.9) 

Gain from legal settlements 

2,284 

0.3 

Other income, net 

60 

2,327 

0.2 

1,275 

0.2 

Total other expense 

(2,828) 
 
 (0.2) 

(2,675) 
 
 (0.2) 

(3,519) 
 
 (0.5) 

Loss before income taxes 

(8,308) 
 
 (0.6) 

(19,182) 
 
 (1.8) 

(89,950) 
 
 (11.6) 

Income tax benefit 

(12,384) 
 
 (1.0) 

(15,576) 
 
 (1.4) 

(32,065) 
 
 (4.1) 

Net income (loss) 

4,076 

0.3 

(3,606) 
 
 (0.3) 

(57,885) 
 
 (7.4) 

53 WEEKS ENDED JANUARY 3, 2023 (FISCAL 2022) COMPARED TO THE 52 WEEKS ENDED DECEMBER 28, 2021 (FISCAL 2021) 
 Revenues . Total revenues increased by 197.0 million, or 18.1 , to 1.3 billion during fiscal 2022, compared to 1.1 billion during fiscal 2021. The increase in revenues primarily consisted of a 172.8 million increase in sales from our restaurants in our comparable sales base, and a 21.0 million increase in sales from new restaurants not yet in our comparable restaurant sales base. This increase was partially offset by 3.4 million related to the closure of two restaurants in fiscal 2022. The effect of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 was 26.5 million in additional revenues. On a 53 week basis, comparable restaurant sales increased 14.0 . This increase in comparable restaurant sales was the result of an increase in guest traffic of approximately 9.3 and an increase in average check of approximately 4.7 , due to menu price increases partially offset by changes in mix. The increase in guest traffic was primarily due to the re-opening of our dining rooms, which were closed or restricted in operation during portions of the same period in 2021. 
 Cost of Sales . Cost of sales increased by 61.5 million, or 21.4 , to 349.6 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 288.1 million during fiscal 2021. This increase was primarily due to the increase in revenue, commodity cost increases and costs related to our six new restaurants opened during fiscal 2022, coupled with the impact of the 53rd week. As a percentage of revenues, cost of sales increased to 27.2 for fiscal 2022 from 26.5 for the prior fiscal year. This increase was primarily due to inflationary pressure on food costs, partially mitigated by menu price increases. 
 Labor and Benefits . Labor and benefit costs for our restaurants increased by 82.0 million, or 20.4 , to 483.4 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 401.4 million during fiscal 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the number of team members, 64.4 million related to higher wages, 14.4 million related to taxes and benefits, and 3.7 million related to higher training costs due to the re-opening of our dining rooms, which were closed or had restricted operations during a portion of the same period in 2021, offset by lower workers compensation related costs. These increases include the impact related to the six new restaurants opened during fiscal 2022, and the 53rd week. Increases in labor and benefit costs were offset in part by the closure of two restaurants during fiscal 2022. As a percentage of revenues, labor and benefit costs increased to 37.6 for fiscal 2022 from 36.9 for the prior fiscal year. This increase was primarily due to higher wages, training and overtime hours due to increased hiring activities, the deleveraging impact from the COVID-19 Omicron variant wave, which severely 
 30 

impacted sales in January 2022, and the benefit from our Employee Retention Tax Credit recognized during fiscal 2021. Included in labor and benefits for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was approximately 2.9 million and 2.7 million, respectively, or 0.2 and 0.3 , of revenues, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to equity awards granted in accordance with our Gold Standard Stock Ownership Program for certain restaurant management team members. 
 Occupancy and Operating . Occupancy and operating expenses increased by 38.3 million, or 14.3 , to 306.1 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 267.9 million during fiscal 2021. This was primarily due to increases of 9.0 million in utilities, 7.0 million in supply costs, 6.6 million in marketing expenses, 4.6 million in merchant credit card fees, 3.5 million in janitorial services related to the re-opening of our dining rooms, and 3.8 million in rent related expenses. These increases include the impact related to the six new restaurants opened during fiscal 2022, the 53rd week, and one restaurant that was re-opened in August 2021, partially offset by the closure of two restaurants during fiscal 2022. As a percentage of revenues, occupancy and operating expenses decreased to 23.8 for fiscal 2022 from 24.6 for the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily due to our ability to leverage certain fixed operating and occupancy costs over a higher revenue base. 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative expenses increased by 5.4 million, or 7.9 , to 73.3 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 68.0 million during fiscal 2021. This was primarily due to increases of 4.7 million in personnel costs, 1.5 million in outside services as we returned closer to pre-pandemic operations and have invested in growth initiatives, and 1.2 million in travel expenses, offset by a 2.7 million decrease in our deferred compensation plan liability. These increases include the impact of the 53rd week. Included in general and administrative costs for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was approximately 7.2 million and 7.6 million, respectively, or 0.6 and 0.7 of revenues, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense. As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses decreased to 5.7 for fiscal 2022 from 6.3 for the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily due to a higher revenue base. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization decreased by 2.4 million, or 3.3 , to 70.4 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 72.8 million during fiscal 2021. This decrease was primarily related to impairment and disposal charges taken in fiscal 2021, including the impairment and reduction of carrying value related to the closure of one restaurant at the beginning of the current fiscal year. The decrease in depreciation and amortization was partially offset by depreciation expense related to our six new restaurants opened during fiscal 2022 and the impact of the 53rd week. As a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization decreased to 5.5 for fiscal 2022 from 6.7 for the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily due to a higher revenue base and lower depreciation and amortization. 
 Restaurant Opening . Restaurant opening expense increased by 2.2 million, or 145.6 , to 3.6 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 1.5 million during fiscal 2021. This increase was primarily due to the timing of our openings and increased costs. We opened six new restaurants during fiscal 2022, compared to two new restaurants during fiscal 2021. 
 Loss on Disposal and Impairment of Assets, Net . Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net, was 6.2 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 3.9 million during fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, these costs primarily relate to the impairment and reduction in the carrying value of the long-lived related to eight restaurants, coupled with the disposals of assets in conjunction with initiatives to keep our restaurants up to date, offset by the 4.9 million gain on disposal of an internally developed software. In fiscal 2021, these costs were primarily related to the impairment and reduction in the carrying value of the long-lived and operating lease assets related to one of our restaurants, coupled with the disposals of assets in conjunction with initiatives to keep our restaurants up to date and the disposal of certain unproductive restaurant assets. 
 Gain on Lease Transactions, Net . Gain on lease transactions, net, was 3.3 million during fiscal 2022, which related to the sale of the land underlying one of our restaurants. 
 Interest Expense, Net . Interest expense, net, decreased by 2.1 million to 2.9 million during fiscal 2022, compared to 5.0 million during fiscal 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower average debt balance during fiscal 2022, compared to fiscal 2021. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense . Our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2022 reflected a 149.1 tax benefit compared to an 81.2 tax benefit for fiscal 2021. The effective tax rate benefit for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was different than the statutory tax rate primarily due to FICA tax tip credits. 
 31 

52 WEEKS ENDED DECEMBER 28, 2021 (FISCAL 2021) COMPARED TO THE 52 WEEKS ENDED DECEMBER 29, 2020 (FISCAL 2020) 
 For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal 2021 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The following table provides, for the periods indicated, a summary of our key liquidity measurements (dollar amounts in thousands): 

January 3, 2023 

December 28, 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

24,873 

38,527 

Net working capital 

(114,600) 

(109,619) 

Current ratio 
 
 0.4:1.0 

0.5:1.0 

As a result of uncertainties in the near-term macro environment, including supply chain challenges, and commodity and labor inflation, we continue to focus on cash flow generation and maintaining a solid and flexible financial position to execute our long-term strategy of investing in our business and opening new restaurants. We continue to monitor the macro environment and will adjust our overall approach to capital allocation, including share repurchases and dividends, as the post-pandemic recovery unfolds. 
 We are taking what we believe to be reasonably necessary and appropriate measures to control costs and maximize liquidity. Based on the current level of operations, we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, coupled with cash generated from operations and availability under our credit agreement will be adequate to meet our capital expenditure and working capital needs for at least the next twelve months. Our future operating performance will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 Similar to many restaurant chains, we typically utilize operating lease arrangements (principally ground leases) for the majority of our restaurant locations. We believe our operating lease arrangements provide appropriate leverage for our capital structure in a financially efficient manner. However, we are not limited to the use of lease arrangements as our only method of opening new restaurants and from time to time have purchased the underlying land for new restaurants. We typically lease our restaurant locations for periods of 10 to 20 years under operating lease arrangements. Our rent structures vary from lease to lease, but generally provide for the payment of both minimum and contingent (percentage) rent based on sales, as well as other expenses related to the leases (for example, our pro-rata share of common area maintenance, property tax and insurance expenses). Many of our lease arrangements include the opportunity to secure tenant improvement allowances to partially offset the cost of developing and opening the related restaurants. Generally, landlords recover the cost of such allowances from increased minimum rents. There can be no assurance that such allowances will be available to us on each project. From time to time, we may also decide to purchase the underlying land for a new restaurant if that is the only way to secure a highly desirable site. Currently, we own the underlying land for our Texas brewpub locations. We also own two parcels of land adjacent to two of our restaurants. It is not our current strategy to own a large number of land parcels that underlie our restaurants. Therefore, in many cases we have subsequently entered into sale-leaseback arrangements for land parcels that we previously purchased. We disburse cash for certain site-related work, buildings, leasehold improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment to build our leased and owned premises. We own substantially all of the equipment, furniture and trade fixtures in our restaurants and currently plan to do so in the future. 
 CASH FLOWS 
 The following tables set forth, for the years indicated, our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

51,122 

64,285 

40,541 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(71,907) 

(42,168) 

(35,716) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

7,131 

(35,254) 

24,445 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(13,654) 

(13,137) 

29,270 

32 

Operating Cash Flows 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 51.1 million during fiscal 2022, representing a 13.2 million decrease from the 64.3 million provided during fiscal 2021. The decrease over the prior year is primarily due to the timing of payments for accrued expenses, offset by current year net income as compared to the prior year net loss. 
 Investing Cash Flows	 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 71.9 million during fiscal 2022, representing a 29.7 million increase from the 42.2 million used in fiscal 2021. The increase over prior year is primarily due to an increase in the number of new restaurant openings, new restaurants under construction and key productivity initiatives. 
 
 The following table provides, for the years indicated, the components of capital expenditures (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

New restaurants 

43,778 

20,167 

17,780 

Restaurant maintenance and remodels, and key productivity initiatives 

31,471 

19,539 

23,219 

Restaurant and corporate systems 

3,357 

2,483 

2,326 

Total capital expenditures 

78,606 

42,189 

43,325 

During fiscal 2022, we opened six new restaurants and closed two restaurants. We currently plan to open as many as five new restaurants in fiscal 2023, and we have entered into signed leases, land purchase agreements or letters of intent for all of our 2023 new restaurant locations. 
 We currently anticipate our total capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 to be approximately 90 million to 95 million. This estimate includes costs to open five new restaurants and remodel more than 30 existing locations. Total capital expenditures exclude anticipated proceeds from tenant improvement allowances. We expect to fund our net capital expenditures with our current cash balance on hand, cash flows from operations and our line of credit. Our future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace of our expansion, conditions in the retail property development market, construction costs, the nature of the specific sites selected for new restaurants, and the nature of the specific leases and associated tenant improvement allowances available, if any, as negotiated with landlords. 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 7.1 million during fiscal 2022, representing a 42.4 million increase from the 35.3 million used in fiscal 2021. This increase was primarily due to lower payments on our line of credit, partially offset by no common stock issuances or stock option exercises and repurchases of common stock. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to fund our operations and meet our short-term and long-term obligations. The following table summarizes our future estimated cash payments under existing contractual obligations as of January 3, 2023, including estimated cash payments due by period (in thousands). 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less Than 1 Year 

2-3 Years 

4-5 Years 

After 5 Years 

Contractual Obligations: 

Operating leases (1) 

597,279 

66,032 

120,715 

110,156 

300,376 

Purchase obligations (2) 

15,104 

14,769 

335 

Total 

612,383 

80,801 

121,050 

110,156 

300,376 

Other Obligations: 

Long-term debt 

60,000 

60,000 

Interest (3) 

14,635 

3,803 

7,616 

3,216 

Standby letters of credit 

16,214 

16,214 

Total 

90,849 

3,803 

7,616 

79,430 

33 

(1) For a more detailed description of our operating leases, refer to Note 6 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) Amounts represent non-cancelable commitments for the purchase of goods and other services. 

(3) We have assumed that 60.0 million remains outstanding under our Credit Facility until the maturity date of November 3, 2026, using the interest rate in effect on January 3, 2023, which was approximately 6.4 . 

Additionally, we have entered into lease agreements related to future restaurants with commencement dates subsequent to January 3, 2023. Our aggregate future commitment relating to these leases is 10.9 million and is not included in operating leases above. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or variable interest entities VIEs ), which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow limited purposes. As of January 3, 2023, we are not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15. Judgments or uncertainties regarding the application of these policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We assess the potential impairment of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. The assets are generally reviewed for impairment on a restaurant level basis, and inclusive of property and equipment and lease right-of-use assets; or at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. Factors considered include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance by the restaurant relative to historical or projected future operating results; significant changes in the manner of use of the assets or the strategy for the overall business; significant negative industry or economic trends; or our expectation to dispose of long-lived assets before the end of their previously estimated useful lives. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Self-Insurance Liability 
 Our estimated liability is based on information provided by a third-party actuary, combined with our judgments regarding a number of assumptions and factors, including the frequency and severity of claims, our loss development factors, loss costs, history, case jurisdiction, related legislation, and our claims settlement practice. Significant judgment is required to estimate claims incurred but not yet reported to us IBNR claims as parties have yet to assert such claims. Should a greater number of claims occur compared to what was estimated, or should medical costs increase beyond what was expected, accruals might not be sufficient, and additional expense may be recorded. 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The following discussion of market risks contains forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from the following discussion based on general conditions in the financial and commodity markets. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our Credit Facility provides us with revolving loan commitments totaling 215 million. As of January 3, 2023, 60 million was outstanding and carries interest at a floating rate. We utilize the Credit Facility principally for letters of credit that are required to support our self-insurance programs, to fund a portion of our announced share repurchase program, and for working capital and construction requirements, as needed. We are exposed to interest rate risk through fluctuations in interest rates on 
 34 

our obligations under the Credit Facility. Based on our current outstanding balance, a hypothetical 1 change in the interest rates under our Credit Facility would have an approximate 0.5 million annual impact on our net income. 
 Food and Commodity Price Risks 
 We purchase food, supplies and other commodities for use in our operations based upon market prices established with our suppliers. Our business is dependent on frequent and consistent deliveries of these items. We may experience shortages, delays or interruptions due to inclement weather, natural disasters, labor issues or other operational disruptions or other conditions beyond our control such as cyber breaches or ransomware attacks at our suppliers, distributors or transportation providers. Additionally, many of the commodities purchased by us can be subject to volatility due to market supply and demand factors outside of our control, whether contracted for or not. Costs can also fluctuate due to government regulation. As a result of the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to experience distribution disruptions, commodity cost inflation and certain food and supply shortages. To manage this risk in part, we attempt to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments, with terms typically up to one year, for some of our commodity requirements. However, it may not be possible for us to enter into fixed-price contracts for certain commodities or we may choose not to enter into fixed-price contracts for certain commodities. We believe that substantially all of our food and supplies are available from several sources, which helps to diversify our overall commodity cost risk. We also believe that we have some flexibility and ability to increase certain menu prices, or vary certain menu items offered or promoted, in response to food commodity price increases. Some of our commodity purchase arrangements may contain contractual features that limit the price paid by establishing certain price floors or caps. We do not use financial instruments to hedge commodity prices, since our purchase arrangements with suppliers, to the extent that we can enter into such arrangements, help control the ultimate cost that we pay. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See the Consolidated Financial Statements and other data attached hereto beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of January 3, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 3, 2023, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 
 35 

framework) COSO ). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 3, 2023. 
 KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm, has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and its report is included herein. 
 
 36 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors BJ s Restaurants, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited BJ's Restaurants, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of January 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 37 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of control effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . 
 None. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We have adopted a Code of Integrity, Ethics and Conduct (the Code to promote honest and ethical conduct of our business, professional and personal relationships. The Code covers all executives, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, directors, and other team members. A copy of our Code of Integrity, Ethics and Conduct is available on our website https://investors.bjsrestaurants.co m under Corporate Governance. We intend to post any amendments to or waivers from our Code at this website location. 
 Information with respect to our executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the information contained in the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the year ended January 3, 2023. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the year ended January 3, 2023. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the year ended January 3, 2023. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the year ended January 3, 2023. 
 See Part II, Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Stock-Based Compensation Plan Information for certain information regarding our equity compensation plans. 
 38 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the year ended January 3, 2023. 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) (1) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The following documents are contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for Each of the Three Fiscal Years in the Period Ended January 3, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for Each of the Three Fiscal Years in the Period Ended January 3, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Each of the Three Fiscal Years in the Period Ended January 3, 2023 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 39 

(3) EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 2, 2018. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 10-K for the year ended January 2, 2005. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, dated June 8, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2010. 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibits 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2020. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB 2A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 1996 (File No. 3335182 LA) (as amended, the Registration Statement ). 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Officers and Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 2, 2018. 

10.2 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 1, 2022. 

10.3 
 
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 

10.4 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 8-K filed July 1, 2005. 

10.5 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2006. 

10.6 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Notice of Grant of Stock Option under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2006. 

10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (non-GSSOP) for employees under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 

10.8 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice (non-GSSOP) for employees under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 6, 2007. 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2012 BJ s GSSOP) for employees under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2013. 

10.10 
 
 Form of Equity Award Certificate (2012 BJ s GSSOP) for employees under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2013. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (2012 BJ s GSSOP) for employees under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2013. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Option Grant Notice (2012 BJ s GSSOP) for employees under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2013. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for non-employee directors under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate for non-employee directors under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2013. 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 12, 2003, between the Company and Gregory S. Lynds, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Form 10-K filed on or about March 14, 2008. 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Company and Gregory S. Levin, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2021. 

40 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective March 1, 2011, between the Company and Kendra D. Miller, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2011. 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 28, 2013, between the Company and Brian S. Krakower, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2013. 

10.19 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated December 30, 2021, between the Company and Gregory A. Trojan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2022. 

10.20 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 

10.21 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, among the Company and Bank of America, N.A. and the other lenders identified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021. 

10.22 
 
 BJ s Restaurants, Inc. 2011 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2016. 

10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated November 24, 2020, by and among the Company, SC 2018 Trust LLC and BJ s Act III, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed November 30, 2020 . 

10.24 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant in favor of SC 2018 Trust, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2020 . 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated November 24, 2020, to Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 5, 2020, issued by the Company in favor of BJ s Act III, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed November 30, 2020 . 

10.26 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and certain funds and accounts advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., acting as investment adviser, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2020 . 

10.27 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and SC 2018 Trust, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2020 . 

21 
 
 List of Significant Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31 
 
 Section 302 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

32 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2023 has been formatted in Inline XBRL and is contained in Exhibit 101. 

Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 
 ITEM 16. FO RM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on our behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory S. Levin 

February 27, 2023 
 
 Gregory S. Levin Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

By: /s/ GREGORY S. LEVIN 

Gregory S. Levin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ THOMAS A. HOUDEK 

Thomas A. Houdek 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ JACOB J. GUILD 

Jacob J. Guild 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ PETER A. BASSI 

Peter A. Bassi 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ LARRY D. BOUTS 

Larry D. Bouts 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ BINA CHAURASIA 

Bina Chaurasia 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ JAMES A. DAL POZZO 

James A. Dal Pozzo 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ GERALD W. DEITCHLE 

Gerald W. Deitchle 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ NOAH A. ELBOGEN 

Noah A. Elbogen 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ LEA ANNE S. OTTINGER 

Lea Anne S. Ottinger 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ KEITH E. PASCAL 

Keith E. Pascal 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ JULIUS W. ROBINSON, JR. 

Julius W. Robinson, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ JANET M. SHERLOCK 

Janet M. Sherlock 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

By: /s/ GREGORY A. TROJAN 

Gregory A. Trojan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

42 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021 
 F 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for Each of the Three Fiscal Years in the Period Ended January 3, 2023 
 F 5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for Each of the Three Fiscal Years in the Period Ended January 3, 2023 
 F 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Each of the Three Fiscal Years in the Period Ended January 3, 2023 
 F 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F 9 

43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors BJ s Restaurants, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BJ's Restaurants, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates . 
 Evaluation of long-lived assets for impairment 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses long-lived assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors considered include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance by a restaurant relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of use of the assets or the strategy for the overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends, and the Company s expectation to dispose of long-lived assets before the end of their previously estimated useful lives. The property and equipment, net, and operating lease asset balances as of January 3, 2023 were 507.1 million and 368.8 million, respectively. 
 We identified the evaluation of potential indicators of impairment of long-lived assets as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company s assessment of whether any of the following were potential indicators for impairment: (1) restaurant-level cash flow results relative to historical and projected future operating results for underperforming restaurants, 2) significant changes in the manner of use of the assets or the strategy for the overall business, and 3) the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends on restaurant-level results. 
 F- 1 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s long-lived asset impairment process, including controls related to the identification and evaluation of potential indicators of impairment. We assessed the Company s identification and evaluation of potential indicators of impairment by: 
 comparing the restaurant-level cash flows of certain restaurants to historical operating results and projected future results 

considering other events or changes in circumstances that impact restaurant-level operating results for certain restaurants 

reading board of directors meeting minutes for significant changes in the manner of the use of the assets or the strategy of the overall business 

considering available industry and economic information for significant negative trends. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 29, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. (the Company). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 29, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2001 to 2021. 
 Irvine, California 
 March 1, 2021 
 
 F- 3 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 

January 3, 2023 

December 28, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts and other receivables, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Equity method investment 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Other assets, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current operating lease obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term operating lease obligations 

Long-term debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, issued or outstanding 

Common stock, no par value, shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, respectively 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Restaurant operating costs (excluding depreciation and amortization): 

Cost of sales (1) 

Labor and benefits 

Occupancy and operating (1) 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Restaurant opening 

Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net 

Gain on lease transactions, net 

() 

() 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Gain from legal settlements 

Other income, net 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 (1) and for fiscal year 2020, respectively. See Note 14 for further information. 

F- 5 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Common Stock 

Capital 

Retained 

Shares 

Amount 

Surplus 

Earnings 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Issuance of common stock and warrant, net 

Exercise of stock options 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Repurchase, retirement and reclassification of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Adjustment to dividends previously accrued 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 29, 2020 

Exercise of stock options 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net 

Issuance of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Reclassification of common stock 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Adjustment to dividends previously accrued 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 28, 2021 

Issuance of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Repurchase, retirement and reclassification of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Adjustment to dividends previously accrued 

Net income 

Balance, January 3, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Amortization of financing costs 

Deferred income taxes, net 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net 

Gain on lease transactions, net 

() 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and other receivables 

() 

Inventories, net 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets, net 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Operating lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings on line of credit 

Payments on line of credit 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 

Taxes paid on vested stock units under employee plans 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Cash dividends accrued under stock compensation plans 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest 

Cash paid for operating lease obligations 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Tenant improvement allowance receivable 

Property and equipment acquired and included in accounts payable 

Equity method investment in exchange for internally developed software 

Stock-based compensation capitalized 

F- 8 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 restaurants located in states. During fiscal 2022, we opened new restaurants and closed restaurants. of our locations, in addition to our brewpub locations in Texas, brew our signature, proprietary craft BJ s beer. All of our other restaurants receive their BJ s beer either from of our restaurant brewing operations, our Texas brewpubs and/or independent third-party brewers using our proprietary recipes. 

operating segment: casual dining company-owned restaurants. Additionally, we operate in geographic area: the United States of America. 

years 

Equipment 
 years 

Brewing equipment 
 1- years 

Building improvements 

Leasehold improvements 
 the shorter of the useful life or the lease term, 

including reasonably assured renewal periods 

t record any impairment to goodwill during fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 assumptions that are consistent with what a market participant would use. As a result of this analysis, in fiscal 2022, we recorded a million impairment charge to operating income. During the t hird quarter of fiscal 2021, we determined that our Pasadena, California was impaired and we recorded a million charge to operating income for the amount by which the carrying value of the restaurant s assets exceeded its fair value estimated using the discounted cash flow method. We closed our Pasadena restaurant during the first quarter of 2022. In fiscal 2020, we recorded a million charge to operating income related to impairment expenses. 

million, million and million, respectively. Advertising costs are primarily included in Occupancy and operating expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 income and estimates related to depreciation expense allowable for tax purposes. We usually file our income tax returns several months after our fiscal year-end. All tax returns are subject to audit by federal and state governments for years after the returns are filed and could be subject to differing interpretations of the tax laws. We recognize the impact of a tax position in our financial statements if that position is more likely than not of being sustained through an audit, based on the technical merits of the position. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are included in Income tax (benefit) expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 escalations in payments that are taken into consideration when calculating straight-line rent, and the term over which leasehold improvements for each restaurant are amortized. 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic 

Dilutive effect of equity awards 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted 

At January 3, 2023, December 28, 2021, and December 29, 2020, there were approximate ly mill ion, million, and million shares of common stock equivalents, respectively, that have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share because they are anti-dilutive. Included in the calculation of common stock equivalents were warrants to purchase shares, which were also anti-dilutive at January 3, 2023, and December 28, 2021. The warrants were dilutive at December 29, 2020. 
 . Incentive and non-qualified stock options expire from the date of grant. We have also granted performance-based restricted stock units under our shareholder approved stock-based compensation plan that vest after three years based on achievement of certain performance targets. Stock-based compensation is measured in accordance with U.S. GAAP based on the estimated fair value of the awards granted. To value stock options on the grant date, we utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model which requires us to make certain assumptions and judgments regarding the inputs. These judgments include expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected option life, and dividend yield. These estimations and judgments are determined by us using many different variables that, in many cases, are outside of our control. The changes in these variables or trends, including stock price volatility and risk-free interest rate, may significantly impact the grant date fair value at initial recognition resulting in a significant impact to our financial results. The tax benefits resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized (excess tax benefits) are classified as Cash flows from financing activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Income tax (benefit) expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the period realized. 

Revenue recognized from guest loyalty program 

Third-party gift card sales 

Tenant improvement allowances 

Third-party delivery 

Income taxes 

Employee Retention Tax Credit 

Other 

Building improvements 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, net 

Workers compensation and general liability 

Deferred revenue from gift cards 

Deferred loyalty revenue 

Insurance related 

Sales taxes 

Other taxes 

Other current rent related 

Utilities 

Merchant cards 

Maintenance related 

Other 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease costs 

Years 
 
 Years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Present value of operating lease obligations 

In response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, from April 1, 2020 to June 30, 2020, we suspended the payment of rent and did not make lease payments under our existing lease agreements for the majority of our leases. During the suspension of payments, we continued to recognize expenses and liabilities for lease obligations and corresponding lease assets on the balance sheet in accordance with ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). We negotiated lease payment deferrals and rent concessions for the majority of our leases. The negotiated concessions primarily were in the form of rent deferrals (full or partial) or abatements. In accordance with the relief issued in April 2020 by the FASB titled ASC Topic 842 and ASC Topic 840, Accounting for Lease Concessions Related to the Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic, we did not recognize contractual rent concessions as a lease contract modification when the total payments required by the modified contract were substantially the same or less than the total payments required by the original contract. Lease concessions that provided a substantial increase in the rights of the lessor or our obligations under the lease were accounted for as lease modifications in accordance with ASC Topic 842. 

 Letters of Credit We have irrevocable standby letters of credit outstanding, as required under our workers compensation insurance arrangements, of million as of January 3, 2023. Our standby letters of credit automatically renew each October 31 for unless 30 days notice, prior to such renewal date, is given by the financial institution that provides the letters. The standby letters of credit issued under our Credit Facility reduce the amount available for borrowing. Purchase Commitments Purchase obligations, which include inventory purchases, equipment purchases, information technology and other miscellaneous commitments, were million and million at January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, respectively. These purchase obligations are primarily due within and recorded as liabilities when goods are received or services rendered. 

 , we entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A. BofA ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and certain other parties to amend and restate our revolving line of credit (the Line of Credit to improve the pricing, extend the maturity date, change the interest reference rate, eliminate certain financial covenants and conditions, and reset other financial covenants starting with the fourth quarter of 2021. Our Credit Facility matures on , and provides us with revolving loan commitments totaling million, which may be increased up to million, of which million may be used for the issuance of letters of credit. Availability under the Credit Facility is reduced by outstanding letters of credit, which are used to support our self-insurance programs. On January 3, 2023, there were borrowings of million and letters of credit of million outstanding, leaving million available to borrow. Borrowings under the Line of Credit bear interest at an annual rate equal to either (a) the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate BSBY plus a percentage not to exceed (with a floor on BSBY of 0.00 ), or (b) a percentage not to exceed above a Base Rate equal to the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00 , (ii) BofA s Prime Rate, (iii) the , and (iv) 1.00 , in either case depending on the level of lease and debt obligations of the Company as compared to EBITD A plus lease expenses. The weighted average interest rate during fiscal 2022, and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. At January 3, 2023, we were in compliance with these covenants. Pursuant to the Line of Credit, we are required to pay certain customary fees and expenses associated with maintenance and use of the Line of Credit, including letter of credit issuance fees, unused commitment fees and interest, which are payable monthly. Interest expense and commitment fees under the Credit Facility were approximately million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also capitalized approximately million and million of interest expense related to new restaurant construction during fiscal 2022 and 2021. Additionally, in fiscal 2021, we capitalized approximately million of fees related to the amended and modified credit agreement, which are amortized over the remaining term of the Credit Facility. 

 There were transfers among levels within the fair value hierarchy during the year ended January 3, 2023. 

The Company s financial statements include cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable, and accrued expenses for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short-term maturity. At January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, the fair value of our amended revolving credit facility approximated its carrying value since it is a variable rate credit facility (Level 2). 

 10 
 million of our common stock to certain funds and accounts advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., acting as investment adviser, and to Act III Holdings, LLC Act III, and collectively the investors ). The investors purchased a total of shares of BJ s Restaurants common stock for per share in a private placement under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company also issued a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock with an exercise price of per share to Act III. The warrant expires on , five years following the issuance. We accounted for the common stock and the warrant issued based on their relative fair values. The fair value of the warrant was estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model. We recorded the net proceeds of million related to the shares of common stock to Retained earnings and the net proceeds of million related to the warrant to Capital surplus on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At-the-Market Offering On January 21, 2021, we sold shares of our common stock at per share for cash proceeds of million (before commission and other fees) through an at-the market ATM offering program. As a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in ACT III s warrant, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of such warrant was adjusted to and the exercise price was adjusted to . Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue million shares of or more series of preferred stock and we are authorized to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions to be granted to, or imposed upon, any such series, including the voting rights, redemption provisions (including sinking fund provisions), dividend rights, dividend rates, liquidation rates, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and the description and number of shares constituting any wholly unissued series of preferred stock. shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding at January 3, 2023 or December 28, 2021. We currently have no plans to issue shares of preferred stock. Common Stock Shareholders are entitled to vote for each share of common stock held of record. Pursuant to the requirements of California law, shareholders are entitled to accumulate votes in connection with the election of directors. Shareholders of our outstanding common stock are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared by the Board of Directors. Cash Dividends Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our Board of Directors suspended quarterly cash dividends until it is determined that resumption of dividend payments is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. As such, the only cash dividends paid during fiscal 2022 and 2021 were related to dividends (declared prior to fiscal 2020) which vested under our stock compensation plans. Stock Repurchases During fiscal 2022, we repurchased and retired approximately shares of our common stock at an average price of per share for a total of million, which is recorded as a reduction in common stock, with any excess charged to retained earnings. These repurchases are the first since the program was suspended in the first quarter of 2020. As of January 3, 2023, we have approximately million remaining under the current million share repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors. Repurchases may be made at any time. 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Permanent differences 

Income tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Return to provision 

() 

Prior year tax credit true-up 

() 

Benefit from net operating loss carryback 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

Deferred revenues 

Stock-based compensation 

Operating lease liability 

Income tax credits 

Net operating losses 

State tax 

Gross deferred income tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred income tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax liability: 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Operating lease assets 

() 

() 

Smallwares 

() 

() 

Deferred income tax liability 

() 

() 

Net deferred income tax asset 

At January 3, 2023, we had federal and California income tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, consisting primarily of the credit for FICA taxes paid on reported team member tip income and California enterprise zone credits. The FICA tax credits will begin to expire in , and the California enterprise zone credits will begin to expire in . At January 3, 2023, we have a federal net operating loss NOL of approximately million and state NOLs of approximately million that will expire over various periods beginning 2023. We have completed a thorough analysis of our ability to use our federal and state tax credit and net operating loss carry forwards. As of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, we have determined that valuation allowance is required against federal tax credit carryforwards; however, we have recorded a valuation allowance against certain state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, net of the federal benefit which are not more likely than not to be realized prior to expiration. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. At January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, we had accrued million for interest and penalties with respect to uncertain tax positions. As of January 3, 2023, unrecognized tax benefits recorded was approximately million, of which approximately million, if reversed would impact our effective tax rate. We anticipate change in our liability for unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve-month period. 

Increases for tax positions taken in prior years 

Decreases for tax positions taken in prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Increases for tax positions taken in the current year 

Lapse in statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

Our uncertain tax positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination by tax agencies. As of January 3, 2023, the earliest tax year still subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service is . The earliest year still subject to examination by a significant state or local taxing jurisdiction is . 

 F- 19 

share for each share granted. All options granted under the Plan expire within years of their date of grant. Grants of restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares and performance units, if any, are currently charged against the Plan share reserve on the basis of shares for each share granted. The Plan also contains other limits on the terms of incentive grants such as limits on the number that can be granted to a team member during any fiscal year. Under the Plan, we issue time-based and performance-based RSUs and non-qualified stock options to vice presidents and above on an annual basis, as well as new hires who are given the option between receiving their full grant as a time-based RSU or split evenly between non-qualified stock options and time-based RSUs. We issue time-based RSUs to other select support team members, and we issue time-based RSUs to non-employee members of our Board of Directors. We also issue RSUs, and previously issued non-qualified stock options, in connection with the BJ s Gold Standard Stock Ownership Program (the GSSOP ). The GSSOP is a long-term equity incentive program for our restaurant general managers, executive kitchen managers, directors of operations and directors of kitchen operations. GSSOP grants are dependent on the length of each participant s service with us and position. All GSSOP participants are required to remain in good standing during their vesting period. Stock options and time-based RSUs vest ratably over one , three or for non-GSSOP participants and either cliff vest at three or or cliff vest at on the third anniversary and on the fifth anniversary for GSSOP participants. Performance-based RSUs generally cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date in an amount from to of the grant quantity, dependent on the level of performance target achievement. On January 15, 2021, our Board of Directors approved special fully-vested restricted stock grants, in lieu of cash bonuses to Restaurant Support Center team members at the Vice President and Director levels. These grants were in amounts designed to approximate a portion of their potential incentive compensation, which was approximately million. 

General and administrative 

Capitalized (1) 

(1) 
 Stock Options 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected option life 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Dividend yield 

Fair value of options granted 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 29, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 28, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at January 3, 2023 

As of January 3, 2023, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options was approximately million, which is generally expected to be recognized over the next . Time-Based Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested or released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 29, 2020 

Granted 

Vested or released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 28, 2021 

Granted 

Vested or released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at January 3, 2023 

The fair value of time-based RSUs is equal to the fair value of our common stock at market close on the date of grant or the most recent trading day when grants take place on market holidays. The fair value of each time-based RSU is expensed over the vesting period (e.g., one, three or five years). As of January 3, 2023, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested RSUs was approximate ly million, which is generally expected to be recognized over the next . Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested or released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 29, 2020 

Granted 

Vested or released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 28, 2021 

Granted 

Vested or released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at January 3, 2023 

The fair value of performance-based RSUs is equal to the fair value of our common stock at market close on the date of grant or the most recent trading day when grants take place on market holidays. The fair value of each performance-based RSU is expensed, based on management s current estimate of the level that the performance goal will be achieved. As of January 3, 2023, based on the target level of performance, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested performance-based RSUs was approxima tely million, which is genera lly expected to be recognized over the next . 

 Team member contributions are matched by us at a rate of for the first of deferred earnings; however, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, em ployer matching was suspended during fiscal 2020 and resumed during fiscal 2021. We contributed approximately million, million and million in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also maintain a non-qualified deferred compensation plan (the DCP for our executive officers and other highly compensated team members, as defined in the DCP, who are otherwise ineligible for participation in our 401(k) plan. The DCP allows participating team members to defer the receipt of a portion of their base compensation and up to of their eligible bonuses. Additionally, the DCP allows for a voluntary company match as determined by our compensation committee. During fiscal 2022, there were Company contributions made or accrued. We pay fo r related administrative costs, which were not material during fiscal 2022. Team member deferrals are deposited into a rabbi trust, and the funds are generally invested in individual variable life insurance contracts owned by us that are specifically designed to informally fund savings plans of this nature. Our investment in variable life insurance contracts, reflected in Other assets, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, w as million an d million as of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, respectively. Our obligation to participating team members, included in Other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million and million as of January 3, 2023 and December 28, 2021, respectively. All income and expenses rela ted to the rabbi trust are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 . Through June 30, 2020, Jacmar serviced our restaurants in California and Nevada, while other DMA distributors serviced our restaurants in all other states. Under the terms of our agreement with DMA, Jacmar was required to sell products to us at the same prices as the other DMA distributors. Jacmar did not provide us with any produce, liquor, wine or beer products, all of which were provided by other third-party vendors and included in Cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Effective July 1, 2020, with the expiration of our DMA agreement, Jacmar is no longer considered a related party. 

Jacmar 

Cost of sales 

Occupancy and operating: 

Third-party suppliers 

Jacmar 

Occupancy and operating 

BJ's Act III, LLC On January 17, 2022, we entered into a consulting agreement for defined services with Act III Management, LLC, an affiliate of BJ s Act III, LLC, for , with a possible additional phase for . During fiscal 2022, we moved forward with the additional phase, and in October we signed an extension to the agreement for a second additional phase for , bringing the total agreement to . All phases were completed and the agreement expired on . Equity Method Investment In fiscal 2022, we contributed internally developed software valued at million to a company, which our retired Chief Executive Officer and board of directors member is an investor. We have recorded this non-cash contribution, in exchange for a ownership of the purchasing company, as an investment under Equity method investment on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the related gain of million under Loss on disposal and impairment of assets, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

F- 24 

<EX-21>
 2
 bjri-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 List of Significant Subsidiaries 
 
 BJ s Restaurant Operations Company, a California corporation 
 BJ s Restaurant Operations Company of Kansas, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company 
 BJROC Maryland, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 Chicago America Holding, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 
 Chicago Pizza Brewery, LP, a Texas limited partnership 
 Chicago Pizza Hospitality Holding, Inc., a Texas corporation 
 Chicago Pizza Management, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 
 Chicago Pizza Restaurant Holding, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
 Reno Brewery Holding, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 bjri-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333 123913, 333 139333, 333 158392, and 333 237813) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333 125899, 333 172703, 333 206066, 333 233039, and 333 260918) on Form S 8 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BJ's Restaurants, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 4
 bjri-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-123913) of BJ s Restaurants, Inc., 

2. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-125899) pertaining to the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan of BJ s Restaurants, Inc., 

3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-172703) pertaining to the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan of BJ s Restaurants, Inc., 

4. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-139333) of BJ s Restaurants, Inc., 

5. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-158392) of BJ s Restaurants, Inc., 

6. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-206066) pertaining to the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan of BJ's Restaurants, Inc., 

7. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-233039) pertaining to the Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, of BJ's Restaurants, Inc., 

8. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-237813) of BJ's Restaurants, Inc., and 

9. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260918) pertaining to the Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, of BJ's Restaurants, Inc. 

of our report dated March 1, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. for the year ended December 29, 2020. 

/s/Ernst Young LLP 

Irvine, California 
 February 27, 2023	 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 bjri-ex31.htm
 EX-31

EX-31 

Exhibit 31 
 BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Gregory S. Levin, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2023, of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ GREGORY S. LEVIN 

Gregory S. Levin 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Thomas A. Houdek, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2023, of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ THOMAS A. HOUDEK 

Thomas A. Houdek 

Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 bjri-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 BJ S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2003 
 In accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2003, the undersigned, Gregory S. Levin, Chief Executive Officer and President and Thomas A. Houdek, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of BJ s Restaurants, Inc. (the Company ), certify to their knowledge: 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended January 3, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and, 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 In Witness Whereof, each of the undersigned has signed this Certification as of this February 27, 2023. 

/s/ GREGORY S. LEVIN 
 
 /s/ THOMAS A. HOUDEK 

Gregory S. Levin 
 
 Thomas A. Houdek 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bjri-20230103_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bjri-20230103_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bjri-20230103_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 bjri-20230103.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bjri-20230103_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

