<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1706524_0001706524-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8737063</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220543</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1954291</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2665715</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2081771</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1677365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001706524-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001706524-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			urban-gro, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001706524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		IRS NUMBER:				465158469
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39933
		FILM NUMBER:		23780885

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1751 PANORAMA PT
		STREET 2:		UNIT G
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80026
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-390-3880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1751 PANORAMA PT
		STREET 2:		UNIT G
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80026

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001706524-23-000018.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 ugro-20221231.htm
 10-K

ugro-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 

(Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, Including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o 
 x 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that audited the registrant's financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). o Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter on June 30, 2022 was . 
 As of March 16, 2023, the registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item No. Page No. Cautionary Information about Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II 
 28 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 37 
 PART III 
 38 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 
 PART IV 
 39 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 41 
 Signatures 
 42 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 F- 1 
 
 2 

Cautionary Information about Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K" or this "Report") contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including statements related to: future events; challenges we may face; growth strategy; expansion and future operations; the ability to recognize backlog as revenue; financial position; estimated or projected revenues, losses, costs, gross profit, earnings or other financial items; business strategy, prospects, plans and objectives of management; anticipated or pending investigations, legal claims, proceedings or litigation that may involve or affect us; implementation of ESG initiatives; industry-specific trends, events or regulations and the impact of those trends, events and regulations on us or our financial performance; and updates to regulations and the impact of those regulations on us. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as "seek," "anticipate," "plan," "continue," "estimate," "expect," "may," "will," "project," "predict," "potential," "targeting," "intend," "could," "might," "should," "believe," "outlook" and variations of such words or their negative and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on management s belief, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events 
 
 Important factors known to us that could cause such material differences are identified in this Report, including the factors described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and other cautionary statements described in this Report on Form 10-K. These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any future disclosures we make on related subjects in future reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Background 
 urban-gro, Inc. (together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, collectively "urban-gro," "we," "us," or "the Company") was originally formed on March 20, 2014, as a Colorado limited liability company. In March 2017, we converted to a Colorado corporation and exchanged shares of our common stock for every member interest issued and outstanding on the date of conversion. On October 29, 2020, we reincorporated as a Delaware corporation. On December 31, 2020, we effected a 1-for-6 reverse stock split with respect to our common stock. All information in this Report gives effect to this reverse stock split, including restating prior period reported amounts. On February 12, 2021, we completed an uplisting to the Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol UGRO. 
 Overview 
 urban-gro is an integrated professional services and construction design-build firm. Our business focuses primarily on providing fee-based knowledge-based services as well as the value-added reselling of equipment. We derive income from our ability to generate revenue from our clients through the billing of our employees time spent on client projects. We offer value-added architectural, engineering, systems procurement and integration, and construction design-build solutions to customers operating in the controlled environment agriculture ("CEA") and industrial and other commercial ("Commercial") sectors. Our evolution, both organically and through the acquisition of engineering, architecture, and construction management firms has enabled us to successfully diversify into the commercial sectors of the clients we serve, as well as the capabilities we offer, which we believe has helped insulate our business from any one sector. Even with this successful diversification, our main focus and value-add has always been and remains in providing solutions to our CEA clients, where we have experience and expertise in designing, engineering, building, and integrating complex environmental equipment systems into indoor CEA cultivation and retail facilities, and then providing ongoing maintenance, training, and support services to those same facilities. 
 We aim to work with our clients from inception of their project in a way that provides value throughout the life of their facility. Clients, regardless of sector they are in, engage us to deliver their vision because of our experience and expertise, and because our integrated, design-build solutions offer a value-add approach to design, engineering, procurement, construction-management, construction, and equipment integration, providing a single point of accountability across all aspects of a project. 
 
 3 

For our CEA clients in particular, we create high-performance indoor cultivation facilities to grow specialty crops, including cannabis as well as produce such as leafy greens, vegetables, herbs and berries. We also provide design-build solutions for our CEA clients' retail facilities. We help our clients achieve operational efficiency and economic advantages through a full spectrum of professional services and programs focused on facility optimization and environmental health which establish facilities that allow clients to manage, operate and perform at the highest level throughout their entire cultivation lifecycle once they are up and running. For these CEA clients, our team provides services to meet the most stringent regulatory environments, whether they are energy efficiency goals, Good Agricultural and Collection Practices (GACP), or Good Manufacturing Practice ("GMP") and/or European Medicine Agency EU GMP ("EU/GMP") certification. 
 
 While we have successfully diversified our target markets across several commercial sectors, the majority of our clients are commercial CEA cultivators. We believe a key differentiation point that clients value is the depth of our employees and Company s experience. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 152 full time employees, approximately two-thirds of which are considered experts in their areas of focus. Our team includes Designers (Architects, Interior Designers, Cultivation Space Planners), Engineers (Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing, Controls, and Fire Protection), Construction Managers (Project Managers and Supervisors), and horticulturists. As a company, we have worked on over 1000 CEA projects, and believe that the experience of our team and Company provides clients with the confidence that will proactively keep them from making common costly mistakes during the design and build process that would impact operational stages. Our expertise translates into clients saving time, money, and resources through expertise that they can leverage without having to add headcount to their own operations. We provide this experience in addition to offering a platform of the highest quality equipment systems that can be integrated holistically into our clients facilities. 
 Our Solutions 
 
 Since commencing business in March 2014, we have expanded our ongoing operations across North America and Europe while diversifying our services offerings organically and through acquisitions into full design-build solutions by adding design, engineering, construction, and construction-management services, introducing new equipment solutions, products and services, and successfully diversifying into several additional commercial sectors beyond cannabis-focused CEA, including produce-focused CEA; or vertical farming, healthcare, industrial, commercial packaged goods ("CPG"), and retail. We are a trusted partner and adviser to our clients and provide value to our clients regardless of the sector in which they sit or solution for which they are utilizing us. 
 
 As is detailed in the Project Delivery Comparison chart below, in the CEA sector, the advantages of the urban-gro design-build model vs the traditional owner-contracted model are clear. There is a single responsible party for our clients' needs from conception through operational start. This results in greater efficiencies throughout the design-build process and a faster speed to launch. Additionally, our experience and expertise within our sectors help to prevent costly mistakes for our clients. 

4 

Outlined below is an example of a complete end-to-end design-build project that demonstrates how we provide value to our clients over time. 

Our design-build solution, when focused on indoor CEA, offers an integrated suite of in-house services and equipment systems that generally fall within the following categories: 
 Service Solutions: 
 Architectural Design, Engineering, and Construction Services A comprehensive collection of services including: 
 i. Pre-Construction Services 
 ii. Cultivation Space Programming ("CSP") 
 iii. Architectural Design and Interior Design 
 iv. Engineering 
 v. Integrated Cultivation Design ("ICD") 
 vi. Owner's Representative Services / Construction Management ("CM") 
 vii. General Contracting ("GC") 
 Additional Service Offerings including: 
 i. Facility and Equipment Commissioning Services 
 ii. gro-care Crop and Asset Protection Services including Training Services, Equipment Maintenance Services, Asset Protection Program, and an Interactive Online Operating Support System ("OSS") for gro-care and client document delivery and project management 
 iii. Property Condition Assessment ("PCA") 
 5 

Integrated Equipment Systems Solutions: 
 Design, Source, and Integration of Complex Environmental Equipment Systems including Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning ("HVAC") solutions, Environmental Controls, Fertigation, and Irrigation Distribution 
 Value-Added Reselling ("VAR") of Cultivation Equipment Systems 
 Strategic Vendor Relationships with Premier Manufacturers 
 
 Service Solutions 
 Architectural Design, Engineering, and Construction Services 
 We generate revenue by providing our clients with design-build service offerings that include architectural, interior, and engineering design, construction and construction management, as well as services for the operational stages of the facility. Our in-house architectural, interior design, engineering, construction and cultivation design services integrate design with pre-construction services and thereby reduce project schedule and capital investments. 
 Pre-Construction Services include providing a forecast summary of what it will take to get a high-performance facility built, giving initial indication and detailed analysis of budget, timeline/schedule, and potential large decision impacts including value analysis and value engineering options. The integration of Pre-Construction Services can expedite project completion, lower initial project costs, and help reduce costly change orders. 
 CSP is an early-stage engagement with stakeholders that provides an optimized basis of design including the interaction of people, plants, and processes. The output of CSP provides an optimized analysis of spatial needs based on stipulated criteria and can accelerate construction and regulatory approval paths, save stakeholders money and time, and enable a process-driven decision-making approach. 
 
 Architectural Design is the implementation of a defined process from development of vision to built environment. Architecture includes the integration and coordination of all project required disciplines such as civil, landscape, structural, mechanical, plumbing and electrical engineering, fire protection, security, interior design, and other specialty disciplines. Our services are built around an integrated design process focused on the collaborative development of client-driven solutions. Specific to the CEA industry, our team s understanding of the relationship between people, plants, and process helps clients maximize profits and efficiencies while minimizing capital investments, and operational and maintenance costs. 
 
 Interior Design involves branding and development of the interior aesthetic vision. Our collaborative and integrated approach from our award-winning team begins with inspiration boards focused on understanding the client s aesthetic desires. Interior design is holistic and thereby includes all aspects of the building interiors from full branding to the selection and design of all finishes and interior systems. Common discussions beyond aesthetics include the cost, durability, and maintainability of systems presented. 
 
 Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing ("MEP") engineering design focuses on the entire building, not just the cultivation space, which in turn eliminates the "gap" between cultivation systems and the building systems. We provide engineered construction contract documents for mechanical, HVAC, plumbing and electrical systems required for the building permits necessary to obtain a Certificate of Occupancy. Our team evaluates client capabilities, needs, desires, and budget in development of recommended systems through a client-focused collaborative process culminating in the delivery of high-performance and low-maintenance systems. 
 
 ICD creates cultivation space-focused design layouts that integrate climate control, fertigation, benching, air flow, and lighting. Our ICD team s deep understanding of cultivation systems provides the foundation for ensuring optimal space utilization as they utilize an integrated and collaborative design process focused on understanding, vetting, and implementing the client s vision. Products utilized in the ICD s basis-of-design ensures the integration of high-quality systems and product performance. These detailed ICD plans are taken through the construction document stage and are leveraged by our clients to efficiently solicit contractor bids. 
 
 Construction and Construction Management provides all the additional necessary parts to deliver our clients' projects, from the initial estimate and bid process, to subcontractor selection, and management of all construction details. Our skilled project managers, specialized within our clients' sectors, maintain knowledgeable open lines of communication with both clients, onsite superintendents, and internal and external construction partners to manage expectations, costs and schedules. 
 6 

Our Additional Service Offerings 
 Our Facility and Equipment Commissioning Services provide a cultivation-level view of the complex system made up by each piece of equipment and ensures systems are running properly. Many of the current service options available to CEA cultivation clients are isolated to vendors providing post-sale service for a single piece of equipment. Our team confirms contractors and specialty trades are installing systems to the design intent allowing for rapid installation, continuous process improvement, and increased revenue for our clients. 
 gro-care is a highly differentiated service offering that provides a combination of CEA cultivation facility commissioning and an asset protection program through training, equipment maintenance, on-demand support, standard operating procedures ("SOP"), and a client-specific OSS that acts as an online hub for clients ongoing services. Combined, this solution focuses on the troubleshooting, tuning, and support of a myriad of cultivation systems and equipment while further providing guidance for client interactions with tradespeople working on HVAC, electrical, and plumbing in the facility on an ongoing basis. 
 Our PCA offering provides value to all clients regardless of sector, but also adds unique value for our clients in the CEA sector. PCA includes researching historical records of the building as related to code issues, field documentation of existing conditions, a report of findings with materials systems categorized by condition, and a capital expenditure report for correction of any deficiencies. For our clients in the CEA sector, our PCA offering provides analysis of components specifically within CEA facilities, both with an eye towards critical cultivation and manufacturing systems as well as helping clients understand a facility's ability to meet any state regulations that may have evolved such as adherence to standards such as Current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP"), EU-GMP, and/or World Health Organization guidelines on GACP. PCA provides necessary data for clients to understand options for optimizing operational performance, understanding deficiencies, and property preparing for necessary capital expenditures. 
 Integrated Equipment Solutions 
 While our engineers play an integral part in the design of most of the complex equipment systems that are then integrated into a CEA facility, we also provide consultative reselling of more common solutions that we integrate into the overall design. For CEA, the environmental goal is to maintain a stable and consistent vapor pressure deficit ("VPD") according to the client s priorities through environmental control of relative humidity and temperature during all stages of growth. There are four main variables in CEA that affect plant growth (and can impact VPD): (i) water and nutrients; (ii) environmental control; (iii) CO 2 ; and (iv) lighting. The complex equipment systems that we design and procure for our clients play an important role in helping control and maintain the cultivation facility's environment for plants. 
 Design, Source, and Integration of Complex Environmental Equipment Systems 
 Complex Environment Systems for CEA include environmental controls, fertigation and irrigation distribution, a complete line of water treatment and wastewater reclamation systems, and HVAC equipment systems. 
 As related to systems and equipment, the most significant and influential variable within a CEA facility is the ability to control and maintain the cultivation environment. This is accomplished through the integration of mechanical systems (HVAC), lighting, air movement systems, irrigation systems, and environmental controls. Maintaining a consistent desired temperature and humidity level within the cultivation spaces ensures less stress on plants. urban-gro designs these systems to fit within our clients' budgets and provides our clients' facilities a more stable environment to maximize plant health and yields, minimize crop loss, minimize utility costs, save on capital equipment, and maximize sustainability. 
 Value-Added Reselling of Cultivation Equipment Systems 
 We act as an experienced vendor providing VAR to our clients when selling vetted best-in-class commercial horticulture lighting solutions, rolling and automated container benching systems, specialty fans, fertigation/irrigation systems, environmental control systems, and microbial mitigation and odor reduction systems. The acquired knowledge of how each of these systems work in combination with and in tangent to the overall ecosystem is a significant benefit that our engineers and product experts offer to our clients. Not only are many competing products reviewed in each category with the intention of vetting the best solution, but we also continually search out and review competing technologies to ensure that only the best-in-class equipment systems are integrated into our projects. As such, we believe it will be imperative to maintain and to continue to develop close relationships with both existing and new leading technology and manufacturing providers. 
 Today, we typically do not sell any cultivation equipment systems individually as a one-time sale. The majority of equipment sales are sold as part of a larger all-encompassing project solution that spans over a 12 to 24 month period and includes design, engineering, and the sale of both custom complex and more standard equipment systems. 
 7 

Strategic Vendor Relationships with Premier Manufacturers 
 We work closely with leading technology and manufacturing providers to deliver an integrated solution designed to achieve the stated objectives of our clients. We pride ourselves as being equipment agnostic meaning we do not have allegiances to any single manufacturer we offer the solution that will best meet the design and budget constraints of our clients and design, engineer, and integrate whatever equipment fits the client's needs. 
 Revenues and Gross Profit Margins 
 As our business has evolved and diversified into design-build offerings, our margin profiles have changed. Professional service revenues for engineering design services contracts can be hundreds of thousands of dollars, depending on the spectrum of services desired by the client and the size of the facility. Construction design-build contracts can run in the tens of millions of dollars depending on the overall size of the facility. Equipment revenues for customized equipment systems can be millions of dollars, depending on the size of the cultivation facilities, the complexity and types of systems purchased by the client, and the number of systems purchased by the client. Sales of other products are typically of a recurring nature each month to a client and can be in the tens of thousands of dollars. 
 Targeted gross profit margins for each of the Company s revenue categories are as follows: 
 Professional services - greater than forty percent; 
 Construction design-build services - greater than six percent; 
 Customized equipment systems - greater than ten percent; and 
 Other products revenues - greater than fifteen percent. 
 Gross profit margins are highly dependent on the complexity and size of the project. 
 Our Clients 
 We primarily market and sell our solutions to clients in the CEA and Commercial sectors. In the CEA sector, our clients include operators and facilitators in both the cannabis and produce markets in the United States, Canada, and Europe. In the Commercial sector, we work with leading food and beverage consumer packaged goods companies in the United States, and clients in healthcare, higher education, and hospitality. 
 Environment, Social, and Governance 
 We are continuously striving to develop, maintain, and build upon our environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") practices and credentials. We greatly value ESG considerations as they enable us to better identify material risks and growth potential, leading to better-informed decisions and business outcomes with the goal of maximizing value creation for our shareholders. 
 To this end, the urban-gro Board of Directors ("Board") recently established an ESG committee as part of our Board. In addition, we have engaged with the services of an independent consulting solution to help educate us and guide us as we develop our ESG roadmap and work towards establishing our priorities in this space. While we engage in those activities, we continue to support ESG in the following ways: 
 Environment: As a professional services design-build firm, and a leader in the CEA space, urban-gro has a continuing commitment to Environmental Sustainability in order to help form a better, healthier world for our and future generations. In general, we are aligned with industry best practices around CEA, which include a focus on water conservation and reuse, reducing the carbon footprint of the production and distribution process, and increasing the efficiency of harvests. Utilizing the expertise of our employees, we have assisted in the creation of over 500 CEA facilities worldwide and counting with Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ("LEED") certified and/or GMP facilities in a variety of commercial sectors focused on reducing waste, water consumption, and carbon consumption. We believe we present a strong opportunity for investors looking for companies focused on providing a more sustainable world for generations to come. As technological advancement continues, we plan to work with our partners to create even more earth-friendly cultivation sites within the CEA sector and projects within other sectors. We are actively exploring opportunities to lower energy use for our customers including but not limited to: active energy management, efficiency measures in HVAC, and innovations in lighting. 
 8 

Social : We strive to hire and promote from underrepresented communities in order to become a diverse organization which we believe will bring strength and value to our organization and our shareholders. In addition, we currently are members of and work with the following organizations: 
 Charities: We have been a supporter of Teens for Food Justice ("TFFJ") which is catalyzing a youth-led movement to end food insecurity in one generation through high-capacity, school-based hydroponic farming. We have helped build out and commission their first in-classroom vertical farm in the Denver area located near our headquarters and have committed our team s time to mentoring students and helping further TFFJ s goals in addition to working with them on future vertical farms. 
 Associations and Organizations: We are currently members of good standing in several industry organizations and trade groups such as the New England Healthcare Engineer Society ("NEHES"), the Georgia City-County Management Association ("GCMA"), The Georgia Chapter of APPA ("GAPPA"), American Hort, Association for Vertical Farming, the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers ("ASHRAE"), the National Cannabis Industry Association ("NCIA") and the National Cannabis Roundtable ("NCR"). Those last two groups, as a part of their work and being born out of the cannabis industry, are dedicated to sensible regulation, criminal justice reform, social equity and community reinvestment. 
 Governance: We have several approaches we utilize to guide us for a successful governance program to ensure that our stakeholders best interests are acted upon: 
 Board Composition: We have a strong and diverse Board made up of leaders from a variety of fields that help guide our overall efforts. We publish our Board Diversity Matrix on our website at ir.urban-gro.com as well as within our proxy materials each year. 
 Board Committees: We currently utilize four Board committees: 
 The Audit Committee which is focused on internal controls, risk management, and multi-discipline oversight enabled by its charter and structure; 
 The Compensation Committee which is focused on compensation principles, policies, and practices for all employees; 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee which oversees the Company's corporate governance practices and procedures; and 
 The Environmental, Social, and Governance Committee, recently created, which is overseeing the Company's approach to ESG practices and procedures. 
 Guiding Policies: In addition to the above committee charters, we have a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct as well as a Whistleblower Policy which can be found on our website. 
 Cybersecurity: We utilize external consultants to help inform cybersecurity best practices, employ cybersecurity software that is preventative and detective for our infrastructure, and require and provide consistent ongoing training for all employees. 
 Growth Strategy 
 Our employees and the application of their acquired knowledge are our most valuable assets as an organization. Our growth strategy involves leveraging this considerable strength as a basis for growth across three pillars of focus and exploration. These three pillars allow us to continue to provide value to our current and future clients: 
 1. Leverage our Sector Diversification and In-House Capability Offerings 
 2. Focus on Design-Build Solution 
 3. Expansion of Geographical Reach 
 9 

1. Leverage our Sector Diversification and In-House Capability Offerings 
 Our vision is to be the global leading provider for purpose-built turnkey indoor CEA facilities. To that end, we have and continue to seek to diversify our service capabilities to provide value to our clients through acting as a single point of responsibility in our turnkey design-build, approach. While we will continue to expand our services organically, we began this journey through the acquisition of engineering, architecture, and construction management firms over the last 18-month period. This in-house service capability diversification also brought with it a diversified client base that included clients from sectors outside of CEA. We expect to continue to compete successfully in all of these sectors as we believe it helps us attract the best talent, weather the downturns of any one sector, and continue to find growth and future returns for our shareholders. 
 
 We believe that acting as a single point of responsibility as a provider of turnkey design-build solutions, especially one with the depth and breadth of experience within all sectors that we've served, we can get our clients to market more quickly and more efficiently than others. 
 
 We intend to continue to leverage all our service capabilities within our design-build delivery model, across sectors, to grow the services and value we are providing to our clients. As an example, some clients may currently only be engaged with us for architectural design - we plan to leverage our in-house model and take advantage of every opportunity to cross sell our other services such as engineering; or construction management or general contracting, to provide further value to our clients and grow our revenues and margin dollars. 
 2. Focus on Design-Build Solution 
 
 As written previously, through both organic and inorganic means, we have diversified our in-house service capabilities so that we are able to provide full turnkey design-build solutions to our clients. These design-build projects allow us to engage with a client at the conception of a project and act as a single point of responsibility to provide value throughout and beyond the project lifecycle. These design-build projects are also much larger from a revenue and project complexity perspective - instead of working on 100s of projects, our goal will be to grow through working on a smaller number of projects of a much larger size, allowing us to capture greater revenue and more margin dollars and overall, provide greater value to our clients. We expect these larger projects will also provide us with the foresight to more accurately forecast our future quarterly business performance. 
 3. Expansion of Geographical Reach 
 
 While continuing to focus on building out our solution set and expanding our client base in all sectors, and more specifically establishing our end-to-end solution as the industry standard for CEA indoor cultivation in the U.S. market, we also plan to continue to expand our reach within Europe. 
 
 After completing approximately 18 months of due diligence in the European market, in Q3 of 2022, we hired a Netherlands-based Managing Director, with experience and expertise in horticulture and pre-harvest and post-harvest equipment automation, to lead our Europe, Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA") market expansion. After opening an office in Dordrecht, Netherlands shortly thereafter, we began to build our European team, including investing in hiring in-market as well as relocating a previously U.S. based Company Vice President with vast experience in CEA cultivation design to the region. 
 
 We are focused on securing and providing value to clients in the CEA sector, and continue to develop and iterate on our marketing and outreach plans, including taking part in trade shows, speaking engagements, and business development travel to areas in Europe with existing clients as well as other developing markets. We have thus far signed several engagements with CEA clients in multiple countries and look to continue our growth through this geographic expansion. 
 Our Competition 
 We believe that our experience and expertise combined with our complex end-to-end design-build solutions places us as a growing leader in the indoor-CEA sector. Within that CEA sector, we do face competition from companies that offer some, but not all, portions of an all-encompassing design-build facility solution. We compete for projects with other smaller and mid-sized companies that focus solely on architectural and interior design, engineering, construction, or product sales. For services, we see these competitors as offering similar specific area solutions, though not integrated nor as in depth on fertigation design. For product sales, we currently view our competition to be focused on predominantly commodity "off-the-shelf" items like lighting and other cultivation staple products, both pre-startup and post-startup. This competition comes from traditional wholesale horticulture dealers, online retailers, and some manufacturers who sell direct. 
 10 

Greenhouse manufacturers and European systems integrators may increasingly seek to offer comprehensive product and service solutions to compete with our integrated solution, but they are primarily focused on the greenhouse industry, and not on indoor-CEA facilities. European systems integrators in particular are experienced and have a strong operating history in traditional horticulture and provide specialized, intensive, and large-scale solutions that revolve around greenhouse projects. Instead of competing with these integrators, we find ourselves working with them and combining synergies to work on projects together. 
 
 For our clients from non-CEA sectors such as Industrial, Food and Beverage CPG, Healthcare, Education, and Civic, we believe we face more competition from those who offer some, but not all, portions of a design-build facility solution but also those who employ the design-build methodology. We believe we compete successfully here because while the overall design-build projects come at higher revenues and margin dollars, the projects from non-CEA on which we typically engage are of a size that we believe is smaller than our design-build competitors are set up to take on. In addition, the majority of our non-CEA client base is developed from long-term relationships that provide our Company with a strategic advantage. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 As it relates to our business conducted in the legalized cannabis-focused CEA segment, the regulations for each region are detailed as follows. 
 U.S. Regulations 
 While we do not generate any revenue from the direct sale of cannabis products, we have historically, and may continue to, offer our solutions to indoor cultivators that are engaged in various aspects of the cannabis industry. Tetrahydrocannabinol ("THC"), one of the main active chemicals in cannabis, is a Schedule I controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized, its use remains a violation of federal laws. 
 A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The Department of Justice defines Schedule I controlled substances as "the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical dependence." If the federal government decides to enforce the Controlled Substances Act with respect to cannabis, persons that are charged with distributing, possessing with intent to distribute, or growing cannabis could be subject to fines and terms of imprisonment, the maximum being life imprisonment and a 50 million fine. Any such change in the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us. While we do not intend to harvest, distribute or sell cannabis, we may be irreparably harmed by a change in enforcement by the federal or state governments. 
 Since the use of THC is illegal under federal law, most federally chartered banks will not accept deposit funds from businesses involved with cannabis. Consequently, businesses involved in the cannabis industry generally bank with state-chartered banks and credit unions who provide banking to the industry. 
 
 Although cultivation and distribution of cannabis for medical use is permitted in many states, subject to compliance with applicable state and local laws, rules, and regulations, THC is illegal under federal law. Strict enforcement of federal law regarding cannabis could result in material adverse effects on our business and revenues. Though the cultivation and distribution of cannabis containing THC remains illegal under federal law, H.R. 83, enacted by Congress on December 16, 2014, provides that none of the funds made available to the DOJ pursuant to the 2015 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act may be used to prevent states from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical cannabis. While this appropriations measure has remained in effect from 2016 through 2022, continued re-authorization cannot be guaranteed. If this appropriations rider is no longer in effect, the risk of federal enforcement and override of state cannabis laws would increase. However, state laws do not supersede the prohibitions set forth in the federal drug laws. 
 
 In order to participate in either the medical or adult use sides of the cannabis industry, all businesses must obtain licenses from the state and local jurisdictions. In addition, in most jurisdictions, all owners and employees must obtain an occupational license to be permitted to own or work in a facility. Applicants for licenses undergo a background investigation, including a criminal record check for all owners and employees. 
 Laws and regulations affecting the medical cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our existing and proposed operations. Local, state and federal medical cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. Regulations may be enacted in the future that may be directly applicable to our business. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 
 11 

Canadian Regulations 
 Summary of the Cannabis Act 
 In 2001, Canada began the legislative path towards the eventual legalization and regulation of recreational and medical cannabis. The laws in Canada have been revised since then and in 2018, the Cannabis Act came into effect and legalized adult recreational use of cannabis across Canada. The Cannabis Act regulates the production, distribution and sale of cannabis and related oil extracts in Canada for both recreational and medical purposes. Under the Cannabis Act, Canadians who are authorized by their health care practitioner to use medical cannabis have the option of purchasing cannabis from one of the producers licensed by Health Canada and are also able to register with Health Canada to produce a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes or to designate a registered individual to produce cannabis on their behalf for such purposes. 
 Pursuant to the Cannabis Act, subject to provincial regulations, individuals over the age of 18 are able to purchase fresh cannabis, dried cannabis, cannabis oil, and cannabis plants or seeds and are able to legally possess up to 30 grams of dried cannabis, or the equivalent amount in fresh cannabis or cannabis oil. The Cannabis Act also permits households to grow a maximum of four cannabis plants. In addition, the Cannabis Act provides provincial and municipal governments the authority to prescribe regulations regarding retail and distribution, as well as the ability to alter some of the existing baseline requirements of the Cannabis Act, such as increasing the minimum age for purchase and consumption. 
 Provincial and territorial governments in Canada have made varying announcements on the proposed regulatory regimes for the distribution and sale of cannabis for adult-use purposes. For example, Qu bec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, Yukon and the Northwest Territories have chosen the government-regulated model for distribution, whereas Saskatchewan and Newfoundland and Labrador have opted for a private sector approach. Alberta, Ontario, Manitoba, Nunavut and British Columbia, have announced plans to pursue a hybrid approach of public and private sale and distribution. 
 In connection with this framework for regulating cannabis in Canada, the federal government introduced new penalties under its criminal code, including penalties for the illegal sale of cannabis, possession of cannabis over the prescribed limit, and production of cannabis beyond personal cultivation limits. 
 In 2018, the Canadian federal government published new regulations and amended existing regulations to support the Cannabis Act. These regulations outline the rules for the legal cultivation, processing, research, analytical testing, distribution, sale, importation and exportation of cannabis and hemp in Canada, including the various classes of licenses that can be granted, and set standards for cannabis and hemp products. They also include stringent security requirements for all federally licensed production sites. The regulations maintain a distinct system for access to cannabis. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and protect our proprietary technologies, information, processes and know-how. We rely primarily on patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the U.S. and similar laws in other countries, confidentiality agreements and procedures and other contractual arrangements to protect our technology and confidential information. Our patents are limited to certain sensors that we obtain from third party manufacturers that do not contribute materially to our sales or profitability. Our trademarks are solely for branding purposes, although we no longer sell any goods or services under the Soleil brand. As of the date of this Report, the following summarizes the status of our registrations, pending applications, and issued U.S. patents: 
 12 

Trademarks 
 We have received the following trademark registrations: 
 Trademark Jurisdiction Registration Number Registration Date Status URBAN-GRO United States 4618322 October 07, 2014 Registered URBAN-GRO United Kingdom 3266415 January 19, 2018 Registered URBAN-GRO European Union 017391806 October 31, 2018 Registered URBAN-GRO WIPO 1548013 July 08, 2020 Registered URBAN-GRO United Kingdom UK0081548013 July 08, 2020 Registered URBAN-GRO Canada (Madrid) A0098111 July 08, 2020 Registered URBAN-GRO European Union (Madrid) A0098111 July 08, 2020 Registered URBAN-GRO United States 97213742 February 7, 2023 Registered SOLEIL United States 5209707 May 23, 2017 Registered SOLEIL United Kingdom 3266410 March 09, 2018 Registered SOLEIL Canada 1083969 October 07, 2020 Registered SOLEIL European Union 017391781 September 11, 2018 Registered SOLEIL United Kingdom UK00917391781 September 08, 2018 Registered OPTI-DURA United States 5770091 June 04, 2019 Registered OPTI-DURA Canada TMA1070145 January 20, 2020 Registered GRO-CARE European Union 1560748 August 24, 2020 Registered GRO-CARE European Union 017391806 October 29, 2019 Registered GRO-CARE United Kingdom UK00917391806 October 29, 2018 Registered GRO-CARE Canada (Madrid) A0099548 August 24, 2020 Registered GRO-CARE WIPO A0099548 August 24, 2020 Registered 
 We have applied for and are awaiting receipt of the following trademark registrations: 
 Trademark Jurisdiction Application Number Filing Date Status URBAN-GRO Canada 1930075 November 13, 2018 Pending URBAN-GRO United States 88898690 May 03, 2020 Pending URBAN-GRO United States 97213778 January 11, 2022 Pending GRO-CARE United States 88898692 May 03, 2020 Pending 
 Patents 
 Title Jurisdiction Application Number Filing Date Patent Number and Issue Date Status Sensor bus architecture for modular sensor systems United States 15/626,085 June 17, 2017 10,499,123 (December 3, 2019) Issued Expire in 2037 Modular sensor architecture for soil and water analysis at various depths from the surface United States 15/626,079 June 17, 2017 10,405,069 (September 3, 2019) Issued Expire in 2037 Modular sensor architecture for soil and water analysis at various depths from the surface United States 16/519,800 July 23, 2019 10,955,402 (March 23, 2021) Issued Expire in 2037 
 
 13 

We rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to safeguard our interests with respect to proprietary know-how that is not patentable and processes for which patents are difficult to enforce. We believe that many elements of our design and engineering processes involve proprietary know-how, technology or data that are not covered by patents or patent applications, including technical processes, test equipment designs, algorithms and procedures. 
 Our policy is for our employees to enter into confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with us to address intellectual property protection issues and require our employees to assign to us all of the inventions, designs and technologies they develop during the course of employment with us. However, we might not have entered into such agreements with all applicable personnel, and such agreements might not be self-executing. Moreover, such individuals could breach the terms of such agreements. 
 We attempt to protect our intellectual property via the deployment of non-disclosure agreements with both prospective clients and business partners as well as licensees; however, these non-disclosure agreements may not prevent a third party from infringing upon our rights. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 152 employees, all of which were full-time employees. This is an increase of 66 employees (77 from December 31, 2021. Our employees are critical to our continued success. With approximately two-thirds of our employees considered experts, we view our employees and the depth and breadth of their experience and expertise as our competitive advantage. As such, we strive to provide an environment where urban-gro employees can have a fulfilling and productive career. We offer industry-leading employee benefits and programs to ensure the diverse needs of our employees and their families are met, including access to healthcare choices, continued growth opportunities for career development, and resources such as 401(k) plans and counseling to support their financial well-being. 
 
 The table below summarizes the change in full-time employee headcount that has occurred by quarter for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Beginning of period headcount 
 115 121 98 86 77 51 46 40 Net change in headcount 13 (6) 3 12 9 6 5 6 2WR acquisition 0 0 0 0 0 20 0 0 Emerald acquisition 0 0 20 0 0 0 0 0 DVO acquisition 24 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Ending of period headcount 152 115 121 98 86 77 51 46 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.urban-gro.com and our investor relations internet address is ir.urban-gro.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports can be found on our investor relations website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. The SEC maintains a public website, www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this report before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Additional risks of which we are not presently aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business and results of operations. Some statements in this report, including such statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. See the section entitled Cautionary Information about Forward-Looking Statements in Part I of this Report. 
 14 

Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We have a relatively limited history of operations, a history of losses, and our future earnings, if any, and cash flows may be volatile, resulting in uncertainty about our prospects generally. 
 We were initially organized as a limited liability company in the State of Colorado on March 20, 2014. In March 2017, we converted into a corporation and on February 12, 2021, we completed an uplisting to the Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol UGRO. The following is a summary of our recent historical operating performance: 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenue of 67.0 million and incurred a net loss of 15.3 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we generated revenue of 62.1 million and incurred a net loss of 0.9 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we generated revenue of 25.8 million and incurred a net loss of 5.1 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2019, we generated revenue of 24.2 million and incurred a net loss of 8.3 million. 
 
 Our lack of a significant history and the evolving nature of the market in which we operate make it likely that there are risks inherent to our business that are yet to be recognized by us or others, or not fully appreciated, and that could result in us suffering further losses. As a result of the foregoing, and concerns regarding the economic impact from the coronavirus disease of 2019 ("COVID-19"), an investment in our securities necessarily involves uncertainty about the stability of our operating results, cash flows and, ultimately, our prospects generally. 
 We had negative cash flow from operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 We had negative cash flow from operations of 12.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 1.6 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. To the extent that we have negative cash flow from operations in future periods, we may need to allocate a portion of our cash reserves to fund such negative cash flow. We may also be required to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities. We may not be able to generate positive cash flow from our operations and additional capital or other types of financing may not be available when needed or on terms favorable to us. 
 Our architecture, engineering, design, and construction management services have been used and may continue to be contracted for use in emerging industries that may be subject to quickly changing and inconsistent laws, regulations, practices and perceptions. 
 Although the demand for our architecture, engineering, design, and construction management services may be negatively impacted depending on how laws, regulations, administrative practices, judicial interpretations, and consumer perceptions develop, we cannot reasonably predict the nature of such developments or the effect, if any, that such developments could have on our business. We will continue to encounter risks and uncertainty relating to our operations that may be difficult to overcome. 
 We may continue to incur losses in the near future, which may impact our ability to implement our business strategy and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 While we are focused significantly on controlling our operating expenses by managing variable expenses, employee count, and marketing activities in order to become cash flow positive, these measures may adversely affect our future operating results if we are unable to support the business effectively. In turn, this would have a negative impact on our financial condition and potentially our share price. 
 We may not become profitable or generate sufficient profits from operations in the future. If our revenues do not continue to grow or our gross profits deteriorate substantially, we are likely to continue to experience losses in future periods. Collectively, this may impact our ability to implement our business strategy and adversely affect our financial condition. This potentially would have a negative impact on our share price. 
 15 

We may become subject to additional regulation of CEA facilities. 
 Our engineering and design services are focused on facilities that grow a wide variety of crops that are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration and other federal, state or foreign agencies. Changes to any regulations and laws that could complicate the engineering of these CEA facilities, such as waste water treatment and electricity-related mandates, make it possible that potential related enforcement could decrease the demand for our services, and in turn negatively impact our revenues and business opportunities. 
 Competition in our industry is intense. 
 There are many competitors in the horticulture industry, including many who offer somewhat categorically similar equipment solutions and services as those offered by us. In the future other companies may enter this arena by developing solutions that directly compete with us. We anticipate the presence as well as entry of other companies in this market space and acknowledge that we may not be able to establish, or if established to maintain, a competitive advantage. Some of these companies have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger client bases and significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources. This may allow them to respond more quickly than us to market opportunities. It may also allow them to devote greater resources to the marketing, promotion and sale of their products and/or services. These competitors may also adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to existing and potential clients, employees, strategic partners, distribution channels and advertisers. Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and a potential loss of market share. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and day-to-day operations. 
 The outbreak of COVID-19, a novel strain of coronavirus first identified in China, which has spread across the globe including the U.S., had an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition by causing temporary delays in our projects. The response to coronavirus by federal, state and local governments resulted in significant market and business disruptions across many industries and affected businesses of all sizes. This pandemic also caused significant stock market volatility and further tightened capital access for most businesses. Given that the COVID-19 pandemic and its disruptions are of an unknown duration, they could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and profitability. 
 We continue to monitor the status of COVID-19. While it seems like the negative effects of the virus have largely dissipated, if a new variant or other new development cause a substantial increase of cases, it could disrupt the businesses of our customers and suppliers, which, in turn, could negatively impact market demand, interfere with our ability to timely service the needs of our clients and prospects, cause contract cancellations, scope reductions and delays, and interfere with our ability to procure equipment and raw materials from our suppliers. Any of these effects could thereby negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 We depend upon third-party suppliers for the equipment solutions that we sell. 
 We depend on outside manufacturers for the equipment solutions that we sell. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one vendor, Fluence Bioengineering, Inc. ("Fluence"), a provider of lighting systems, was particularly important to our integrated sales solutions. We use Fluence as one of the LED lighting systems options in our designs and then act as VAR and sell these systems to our clients as part of our overall package. While we believe that there are sufficient sources of supply available, if the third-party suppliers, such as Fluence, were to cease production or otherwise fail to supply us with products in sufficient quantities on a timely basis and we were unable to contract on acceptable terms for these equipment type products with alternative suppliers, our ability to sell these solutions would be materially adversely affected. If a sole source supplier was to go out of business, we may be unable to find a replacement for such source in a timely manner or at all. If a sole source supplier were to be acquired by a competitor, that competitor may elect not to sell to us in the future. Any inability to secure required products or to do so on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of urban-gro. 
 We have historically depended on a small number of clients for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our client relationships, or if a significant client were to terminate its relationship with us or reduce its purchases, our revenue could decline significantly. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, three clients represented 40 of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021 one client represented 46 of total revenue. Although we have been able to successfully generate substantial sales to different clients over time, we may not be able to continue to do this in the future. Our operating results for the foreseeable future could continue to depend on substantial sales to a small number of clients. Our clients have no purchase commitments and may cancel, change or delay purchases with little or no notice or penalty. As a result of this, our revenue could fluctuate materially and could be materially and disproportionately impacted by purchasing decisions of any client. Clients who represented a substantial portion of our 
 16 

historical revenue may decide to purchase products and services from other providers in the future, which could cause our revenue to decline materially and negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to diversify our client base, we will continue to be susceptible to risks associated with client concentration. 
 A portion of our business depends on our clients obtaining appropriate licenses from various licensing agencies. 
 A portion of our business depends on our clients obtaining appropriate licenses from various licensing agencies. Any or all licenses necessary for our clients to operate their businesses may not be obtained, retained or renewed. If a licensing body were to determine that one of our clients had violated applicable rules and regulations, there is a risk the license granted to that client could be revoked, which could adversely affect future sales to that client and our operations. Our existing clients may not be able to retain their licenses going forward and new licenses may not be granted to existing and new market entrants. 
 System security risks, data protection breaches, cyber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services provided to clients. 
 Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of the products that we may sell in the future. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower profits, or lost clients resulting from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. 
 We may be forced to litigate to defend our intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against urban-gro relating to intellectual property rights. 
 We may be forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of other parties proprietary rights. Any such litigation could be very costly and could distract our management from focusing on operating our business. The existence and/or outcome of any such litigation could harm our business. 
 We may not be able to successfully identify, consummate or integrate acquisitions or to successfully manage the impacts of such transactions on our operations. 
 Part of our business strategy includes pursuing synergistic acquisitions. We have expanded, and plan to continue to expand, our business by making strategic acquisitions and regularly seeking suitable acquisition targets to enhance our growth. Material acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions involve a number of risks, including: (i) the potential disruption of our ongoing business; (ii) the distraction of management away from the ongoing oversight of our existing business activities; (iii) incurring indebtedness; (iv) the anticipated benefits and cost savings of those transactions not being realized fully, or at all, or taking longer to realize than anticipated; (v) an increase in the scope and complexity of our operations; and (vi) the loss or reduction of control over certain of our assets. 
 The pursuit of acquisitions may pose certain risks to us. We may not be able to identify acquisition candidates that fit our criteria for growth and profitability. Even if we are able to identify such candidates, we may not be able to acquire them on terms or financing satisfactory to us. We will incur expenses and dedicate attention and resources associated with the review of acquisition opportunities, whether or not we consummate such acquisitions. 
 Additionally, even if we are able to acquire suitable targets on agreeable terms, we may not be able to successfully integrate their operations with ours. Achieving the anticipated benefits of any acquisition will depend in significant part upon whether we integrate such acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated operating and cost synergies or long-term strategic benefits of our acquisitions within the anticipated timing or at all. The benefits from any acquisition will be offset by the costs incurred in integrating the businesses and operations. We may also assume liabilities in connection with acquisitions to which we would not otherwise be exposed. An inability to realize any or all of the anticipated synergies or other benefits of an acquisition as well as any delays that may be encountered in the integration process, which may delay the timing of such synergies or other benefits, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 17 

Risks Related to the Legal Cannabis Industry 
 To date, the majority of our revenues have come from providing architecture and engineering design services and selling equipment systems into facilities prior to the facility becoming operational. The majority of our revenues to date have been generated from clients that operate in the legal cannabis industry. 
 We are broadening our market reach beyond the legal cannabis industry and are placing a substantial sales effort on expansion into the rapidly growing non-cannabis CEA vertical farming sector as well as the Commercial sector. However, on a historic basis, the majority of our clients to whom we provide facility architecture and engineering design services and sell equipment systems prior to the facility becoming operational have primarily been in the legal cannabis industry. In addition to selling directly to these clients, we also sell our equipment solutions to third parties, such as general contractors and other intermediaries, like equipment leasing companies. The majority of these solutions have been resold into the legal cannabis industry. A significant decrease in demand in the legal cannabis industry could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and the success of our business. 
 The cannabis industry in the U.S. is an emerging industry and has only been legalized in some states while remaining illegal in others and under U.S. federal law. Federal Prohibition makes it difficult to accurately forecast the demand for our solutions in this specific industry. Losing clients from this industry may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and the success of our business. 
 The legal cannabis industry is not mature in the United States and has been legalized in only some states and remains illegal in others and under U.S. federal law, making it difficult to accurately forecast demand for our solutions. Revenues could materially decline if the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") enforces federal law against the industry and some of our clients are negatively impacted. 
 The legal cannabis industry in the U.S. remains in state of flux, and many aspects of this industry s development and evolution cannot be accurately predicted. Therefore, losing any clients could have a material adverse effect on our business. While we have attempted to identify our business risks in the legal cannabis industry, investors should carefully consider that there are other risks that cannot be foreseen or are not described in this Report, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 There is heightened scrutiny by Canadian regulatory authorities related to the cannabis industry. 
 Our existing operations in the United States, and any future operations or investments, may become the subject of heightened scrutiny by regulators and other authorities in Canada. As a result, we may be subject to significant direct and indirect interaction with public officials. This heightened scrutiny may in turn lead to the imposition of certain restrictions on our ability to operate or invest in the United States. 
 On February 8, 2018, following discussions with the Canadian Securities Administrators and recognized Canadian securities exchanges, the TMX Group announced the signing of the TMX Memorandum of Understanding ("MOU") with Aequitas NEO Exchange Inc., the Canadian Securities Exchange ("CSE"), the Toronto Stock Exchange, and the TSX Venture Exchange ("TSXV"). The MOU outlines the parties understanding of Canada s regulatory framework applicable to the rules, procedures, and regulatory oversight of the exchanges and Canadian Depository for Securities Limited ("CDS") as it relates to issuers with cannabis-related activities in the United States. The MOU confirms, with respect to the clearing of listed securities, that CDS relies on the exchanges to review the conduct of listed issuers. As a result, there is no CDS ban on the clearing of securities of issuers with cannabis-related activities in the United States. However, this approach to regulation may not continue in the future. If such a ban were to be implemented, and our shares were listed on a Canadian exchange, it would have a material adverse effect on the ability of holders of our securities to make and settle trades. 
 As cannabis remains illegal under United States federal law, we may have to stop providing equipment systems and services to companies who are engaged in cannabis cultivation and other cannabis-related activities. 
 Cannabis, which is referred to as "Marijuana" in the Controlled Substances Act, is currently classified as a Schedule I controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act and is illegal under United States federal law. It is illegal under United States federal law to grow, cultivate, sell or possess cannabis for any purpose or to assist or conspire with those who do so. Additionally, 21 U.S.C. 856 makes it illegal to "knowingly open, lease, rent, use, or maintain any place, whether permanently or temporarily, for the purpose of manufacturing, distributing, or using any controlled substance." Even in those states in which the use of cannabis has been authorized under state law, its use remains a violation of federal law. Since federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis is not preempted by state laws that legalize its use, strict enforcement of federal law regarding cannabis may result in the inability of our clients that are involved in the cannabis industry to proceed with their operations, which would adversely affect our operations. 
 18 

Our solutions are used by legal and licensed cannabis growers. While we are not aware of any threatened or current federal or state law enforcement actions against any supplier of equipment that might be used for cannabis cultivation, law enforcement authorities, in their attempt to regulate the illegal use of cannabis, may seek to bring an action or actions against us under the Controlled Substances Act for assisting or conspiring with persons engaged in the cultivation of cannabis. 
 There is also a risk that our activities could be deemed to be facilitating the selling or distribution of cannabis in violation of the Controlled Substances Act. Although federal authorities have not focused their resources on such tangential or secondary violations of the Controlled Substances Act, nor have they threatened to do so, with respect to the sale of equipment that might be used by legal and licensed cannabis cultivators, or with respect to any supplies marketed to participants in the medical and recreational cannabis industry, if the federal government were to change its practices, or were to expend its resources investigating and prosecuting providers of equipment that could be usable by participants in the medical or recreational cannabis industry, such actions could have a materially adverse effect on our operations and the sales of our products and services. 
 As a company with clients operating in the legal cannabis industry, we face many particular and evolving risks associated with that industry, including uncertainty of United States federal enforcement and the need to renew temporary safeguards. 
 The "FinCEN Memo" dated February 14, 2014, de-prioritizes enforcement of the Bank Secrecy Act against financial institutions and cannabis related businesses which utilize them. This memorandum appears to be a standalone document and is presumptively still in effect. At any time, however, the Department of the Treasury, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, could elect to rescind the FinCEN Memo. This would make it more difficult for our clients and potential clients to access the U.S. banking systems and conduct financial transactions, which would adversely affect our operations. 
 In 2014, Congress passed a spending bill ("2015 Appropriations Bill") containing a provision ("Appropriations Rider") blocking federal funds and resources allocated under the 2015 Appropriations Bill from being used to "prevent such States from implementing their own State medical marijuana law." The Appropriations Rider seemed to have prohibited the federal government from interfering with the ability of states to administer their medical cannabis laws, although it did not codify federal protections for medical cannabis patients and producers. Moreover, despite the Appropriations Rider, the Justice Department maintains that it can still prosecute violations of the federal cannabis ban and continue cases already in the courts. Additionally, the Appropriations Rider must be re-enacted every year. While it has been continued every year since 2015, including most recently in 2022, continued re-authorization of the Appropriations Rider cannot be guaranteed. If the Appropriation Rider is no longer in effect, the risk of federal enforcement and override of state cannabis laws would increase. 
 Further legislative development beneficial to our operations is not guaranteed. 
 Among other things, the business of our clients in the legal cannabis industry involves the cultivation, distribution, manufacture, storage, transportation and/or sale of cannabis products in compliance with applicable state law. The success of our business with respect to these clients depends on the continued development of the cannabis industry and the activity of commercial business and government regulatory agencies within the industry. The continued development of the legal cannabis industry is dependent upon continued legislative and regulatory authorization of cannabis at the state level and a continued laissez-faire approach by federal enforcement agencies. Any number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further regulatory progress beneficial to the industry cannot be assured. While there may be ample public support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative and regulatory process, including election results, scientific findings or general public events. Any one of these factors could slow or halt progressive legislation relating to cannabis and the current tolerance for the use of cannabis by consumers, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 The legal cannabis industry could face strong opposition from other industries. 
 We believe that established businesses in other industries may have a strong economic interest in opposing the development of the cannabis industry. Cannabis may be seen by companies in other industries as an attractive alternative to their products, including recreational cannabis as an alternative to alcohol, and medical cannabis as an alternative to various commercial pharmaceuticals. Many industries that could view the emerging legal cannabis industry as an economic threat are well established, with vast economic and United States federal and state lobbying resources. Companies within these industries could use their resources to attempt to slow or reverse legislation legalizing cannabis. Any inroads these companies make in halting or impeding legislative initiatives that would be beneficial to the legal cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our clients and, in turn on our operations. 
 The legality of cannabis could be reversed in one or more states. 
 The voters or legislatures of states in which cannabis has already been legalized could potentially repeal applicable laws which permit the operation of both legal medical and retail cannabis businesses. These actions might force us to cease operations in one or more states entirely. 
 19 

Changing legislation and evolving interpretations of law, which could negatively impact our clients and, in turn, our operations. 
 Laws and regulations affecting the legal medical and adult-use cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our clients involved in that industry and, in turn, our operations. Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations are often broad in scope and subject to constant evolution and inconsistent interpretations, which could require our clients and ourselves to incur substantial costs associated with modification of operations to ensure compliance. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our clients business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, regulations may be enacted in the future that will limit the amount of cannabis growth or related products that our commercial clients are authorized to produce. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our operations. 
 Regulatory scrutiny of the legal cannabis industry may negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital. 
 The business activities of certain of our clients rely on newly established and/or developing laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. These laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and subject to change with minimal notice. Regulatory changes may adversely affect our profitability or cause us to cease operations entirely. The legal cannabis industry may come under the scrutiny or further scrutiny by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA"), the SEC, the DOJ, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other federal, state or nongovernmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise or regulate the production, distribution, sale or use of cannabis for medical or nonmedical purposes in the United States. The FDA currently is authorized to promulgate regulations for and oversight of CBD products. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed, or whether any proposals will become law. The regulatory uncertainty surrounding the industry that we service may adversely affect our business and operations, including without limitation, the costs to remain compliant with applicable laws and the impairment of our ability to raise additional capital. 
 Banking regulations could limit access to banking services. 
 Since the use of cannabis is illegal under federal law, federally chartered banks will not accept deposit funds from businesses involved with cannabis. Consequently, businesses involved in the legal cannabis industry often have trouble finding a bank willing to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may make it difficult for our clients in the legal cannabis industry to operate and their reliance on cash can result in a heightened risk of theft, which could harm their businesses and, in turn, harm our business. Additionally, some courts have denied legal cannabis-related businesses bankruptcy protection, thus, making it very difficult for lenders to recoup their investments, which may limit the willingness of banks to lend to our clients and to us. 
 A drop in the retail price of cannabis products may negatively impact our business. 
 The fluctuations in economic and market conditions that impact the prices of commercially grown cannabis, such as increases in the supply of cannabis and decreases in demand for cannabis, could have a negative impact on our clients that are legal cannabis producers, and therefore could negatively impact our business. 
 Our contracts may not be legally enforceable in the United States. 
 Many of our historic contracts, and those we may enter into in the future, relate to services that are ancillary to the legal cannabis industry and other activities that are not legal under U.S. federal law and under some state laws. As a result, we may face difficulties in enforcing our contracts in U.S. federal and certain state courts. 
 20 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price could be extremely volatile. As a result, shareholders may not be able to resell their shares at or above the price they paid for them. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. Volatility in the market price of our common stock, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, may prevent shareholders from being able to sell their shares at or above the price they paid for their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. Shareholders may experience a decrease, which could be substantial, in the value of their stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects, and shareholders could lose part or all of their investment. The price of our common stock has been, and could continue to be, subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including those described elsewhere in this Report and others such as: 
 the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations; 
 our ability to generate revenues sufficient to achieve profitability and positive cash flow; 
 competition in our industry and our ability to compete effectively; 
 our ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop key personnel and qualified employees; 
 reliance on significant clients and third-party suppliers; 
 our ability to successfully identify and complete acquisitions and effectively integrate those acquisitions into our operations; 
 our actual or anticipated operating and financial results, including how those results vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; 
 changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to us or other industry participants; 
 developments in our business or operations or our industry sectors generally; 
 any future offerings by us of our common stock; 
 any coordinated trading activities or large derivative positions in our common stock, for example, a "short squeeze" (a short squeeze occurs when a number of investors take a short position in a stock and have to buy the borrowed securities to close out the position at a time that other short sellers of the same security also want to close out their positions, resulting in a surge in stock prices, i.e., demand is greater than supply for the stock sold short); 
 legislative or regulatory changes affecting our industry generally or our business and operations specifically; 
 the operating and stock price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 
 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions, restructurings, dispositions, financings and other material events by us or our competitors; 
 actions by our current shareholders, including future sales of common shares by existing shareholders, including our directors and executive officers; 
 proposed or final regulatory changes or developments; 
 anticipated or pending regulatory investigations, proceedings, or litigation that may involve or affect us; and 
 the other factors described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. 
 In response to any one or more of these events, the market price of shares of our common stock could decrease significantly. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 
 21 

Shareholders may be diluted by future issuances of preferred stock or additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise; future sales of such shares in the public market, or the expectations that such sales may occur, could lower our stock price. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of our common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to our common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our Board in its sole discretion. We could issue a significant number of shares of common stock in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions. Any of these issuances could dilute our existing shareholders, and such dilution could be significant. Moreover, such dilution could have a material adverse effect on the market price for the shares of our common stock. 
 The future issuance of shares of preferred stock with voting rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of shares of our common stock, either by diluting the voting power of our common stock if the preferred stock votes together with the common stock as a single class, or by giving the holders of any such preferred stock the right to block an action on which they have a separate class vote, even if the action were approved by the holders of our shares of our common stock. 
 The future issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable to the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the market price for our common stock by making an investment in the common stock less attractive. For example, investors in the common stock may not wish to purchase common stock at a price above the conversion price of a series of convertible preferred stock because the holders of the preferred stock would effectively be entitled to purchase common stock at the lower conversion price, causing economic dilution to the holders of common stock. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board taking into account various factors, including our business, operating results and financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion, any legal or contractual limitations on our ability to pay dividends under our loan agreements or otherwise. As a result, if our Board does not declare and pay dividends, the capital appreciation in the price of our common stock, if any, will be our shareholders only source of gain on an investment in our common stock, and shareholders may have to sell some or all of their common stock to generate cash flow from their investment. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our common stock, its trading price and volume could decline. 
 We expect the trading market for our common stock to be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business or our industry. If no additional securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock may be negatively impacted. If one or more of our covering analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline and our common stock to be less liquid. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 Taking advantage of the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to "emerging growth companies" may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We qualify as an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 ("JOBS Act"). An emerging growth company may take advantage of certain reduced reporting and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies, as described above. We currently intend to take advantage of each of these exemptions. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make a comparison of our financial statements with the financial statements of a public company that is not an emerging growth company, or the financial statements of an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period, difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. We could be an emerging growth company until December 31, 2023. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we elect to rely on these exemptions, or if taking advantage of these exemptions would result in less active trading or more volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 22 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a take-over that may not be in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which include when and by whom special meetings of our shareholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. 
 In addition, our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences determined from time to time by our Board. None of our preferred shares are currently issued or outstanding. Our Board may, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified Board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations involves significant legal and financial compliance costs, may make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and may increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 However, for as long as we remain an "emerging growth company," we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an "emerging growth company." We would cease to be an "emerging growth company" upon the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the first sale of our common stock under an effective Securities Act registration statement, which will occur on December 31, 2023; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 
 As a result of disclosure of information in this Report and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition are highly visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We are subject to ongoing regulatory burdens resulting from our public listing. 
 We continually work with our legal, accounting and financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial management control systems to manage our obligations as a public company listed on Nasdaq. These areas include corporate governance, corporate controls, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems. 
 23 

We have made, and will continue to make, changes in these and other areas, including our internal controls over financial reporting. However, these and other measures that we might take may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company listed on Nasdaq on a timely basis. In addition, compliance with reporting and other requirements applicable to public companies listed on Nasdaq creates additional costs for us and requires the time and attention of management. The additional costs that we incur, the timing of such costs and the impact that management s attention to these matters may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We are highly dependent on our management team, and the loss of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our ability to implement our strategies, impair our relationships with clients and adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Our success depends, in large degree, on the skills of our management team and our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers and employees. Our senior executive leadership team has significant experience, and their knowledge and relationships would be difficult to replace. Leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. Competition for senior executives and skilled personnel in the horticulture industry is intense, which means the cost of hiring, paying incentives and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. 
 We need to continue to attract and retain key personnel and to recruit qualified individuals to succeed existing key personnel to ensure the continued growth and successful operation of our business. In addition, as a provider of custom-tailored horticulture solutions, we must attract and retain qualified personnel to continue to grow our business, and competition for such personnel can be intense. Our ability to effectively compete for senior executives and other qualified personnel by offering competitive compensation and benefit arrangements may be restricted by cash flow and other operational restraints. The loss of the services of any senior executive or other key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, to attract and retain personnel with appropriate skills and knowledge to support our business, we may offer a variety of benefits, which could reduce our earnings or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our insurance may not adequately cover our operating risk. 
 We have insurance to protect our assets, operations and employees. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks to which we are exposed and is adequate and customary in our current state of operations, such insurance is subject to coverage limits and exclusions and may not be available for the risks and hazards to which we are exposed. In addition, such insurance may not be adequate to cover our liabilities or may not be generally available in the future or, if available, premiums may not be commercially justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur such liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may be exposed to currency fluctuations. 
 Although our revenues and expenses are expected to be predominantly denominated in United States dollars, we may be exposed to currency exchange fluctuations. Recent events in the global financial markets have been coupled with increased volatility in the currency markets. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar, the Canadian dollar, the Euro, and the currency of other regions in which we may operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We may, in the future, establish a program to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure with the objective of minimizing the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange movements. However, even if we develop a hedging program, there can be no assurance that it will effectively mitigate currency risks. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business, such as, but not limited to, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, trade promotions, and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported results. 
 24 

Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. 
 Our reputation is a valuable component of our business. Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about our industry generally, unethical practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, and questionable or fraudulent activities of our clients. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or clients, with or without merit, may result in the loss of clients, investors and employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and increased governmental regulation. If our reputation is negatively affected, by the actions of our employees or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results and the value of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Increased attention to climate change and ESG matters may adversely impact our business. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of risks arising from ESG matters. ESG matters include increasing attention to climate change, climate risk, expectations on companies to address climate change, hiring practices, the diversity of the work force, racial and social justice issues involving the Company s personnel, customers and third parties with whom it otherwise does business, and investor and societal expectations regarding ESG matters and disclosures. 
 
 Risks arising from ESG matters may adversely affect, among other things, reputation and the market price of our stock. Further, we may be exposed to negative publicity based on the identity and activities of those we do business with and the public s view of the approach and performance of our customers and business partners with respect to ESG matters. Any such negative publicity could arise from adverse news coverage in traditional media and could also spread through the use of social media platforms. Our relationships and reputation with our existing and prospective customers and third parties with which we do business could be damaged if we were to become the subject of any such negative publicity. This, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain customers and employees and could have a negative impact on the market price for our stock. Investors have begun to consider the steps taken and resources allocated by financial institutions and other commercial organizations to address ESG matters when making investment and operational decisions. Certain investors are beginning to incorporate the business risks of climate change and the adequacy of companies responses to the risks posed by climate change and other ESG matters into their investment theses. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the market price of our stock to the extent investors determine we have not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. 
 
 In addition, customers, employees, regulators and suppliers have also been focused on ESG matters. Companies that do not adapt to or comply with ESG expectations and standards, or that are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern regarding ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and other adverse consequences. To the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Further, growing public concern about climate change has resulted in the increased focus of local, state, regional, national and international regulatory bodies on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues. Policy changes and changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulations based on concerns about climate change, including regulations aimed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions and the implementation of "green" building codes, could result in increased capital expenditures on our existing properties (for example, to improve their energy efficiency) without a corresponding increase in revenue, resulting in adverse impacts to our results of operations. 
 
 In March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules on climate change disclosure requirements that, if adopted as proposed, will require disclosure of extensive and detailed climate-related information, by all registrants, including us. The final rules have not yet been adopted, and the ultimate scope and impact of the proposed rules on our business remain uncertain. To the extent new rules, if finalized, impose additional reporting obligations on us, we could face increased costs. The SEC has also announced that it is scrutinizing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the SEC were to allege that our existing climate disclosures are misleading or deficient. However, any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change. 
 The current political climate and military actions in Eastern Europe could result in disruption to our operations. 
 Expansion into Europe to meet the demand for our services could be disrupted by the ongoing military actions in Eastern Europe. If we are unable to continue our expansion into Europe, or our expansion requires greater capital than we have budgeted, our operating results and the value of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Further, the conflict has led to increases in the cost of energy and the potential for energy shortages, especially in Europe. The European energy crisis escalated in 2022 amid the Russia and Ukraine war, fueling supply uncertainties and increasing the risk of energy shortages across Europe due to the lack of gas from Russia. This resulted in decisive measures implemented by the European 
 25 

Union to help manage security of supply and establish new sources of gas. Our customers and potential customers experienced a rapid increase in energy costs and our expectation is that the energy cost inflation will continue into 2023. 
 
 Failure to retain our existing workforce and to attract qualified new personnel in the current labor market could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 The current U.S. labor shortage has and may continue to impact our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and may impact our ability to operate our business effectively. We may experience a labor shortage preventing us from filling targeted staffing levels. A labor shortage may also impact our ability to attract qualified new personnel. Additionally, the COVID pandemic has changed the way businesses operate with companies allowing employees to work remotely from home or in hybrid work models. We may not be able to attract, hire or retain qualified personnel if competing companies offer a more desirable work model. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal place of business is located at 1751 Panorama Point, Unit G, Lafayette, Colorado, 80026. This location is leased and consists of approximately 10,000 square feet, including approximately 3,500 square feet of office space and 6,500 square feet of warehouse space. Additionally, we have six other office leases in the United States and one office lease located in the Netherlands. We currently do not own any property. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we become involved in or are threatened with legal disputes. While most of these disputes are not likely to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, or operations, the following matters are deemed by the Company to be material either due to the costs of litigation or the potential negative impacts to the Company should these matters not be resolved in our favor: 
 Great Green Theory On June 10, 2022, Emerald filed a lien and brought a suit in the Superior Court of Berkshire, Massachusetts to foreclose on the lien against Great Green Theory Land, LLC and Great Green Theory Cultivation, LLC who are the owners of the land and a construction project in Lee, Massachusetts. Emerald is claiming breach of contract and quantum merit against Great Green Theory for failure to pay approximately 1.3 million in payment applications, of which approximately half of that amount is due and owed to subcontractors on the project. Great Green Theory has filed counterclaims against Emerald claiming liquidated damages of approximately 1.0 million for alleged unjustifiable delays on the project and alleging construction defects in the project. Two subcontractors on the project have brought suit against Emerald for non-payment to them of which Emerald has not received payment from Great Green Theory. 
 Accounts receivable and accounts payable related to Great Green Theory The selling Emerald shareholders have agreed to indemnify and defend the Company for any litigation or judgement stemming from this lawsuit. The Company has recorded 1.3 million as a receivable and 0.4 million as a payable to sub-contractors on the opening balance sheet as of the date of the acquisition. 
 Legal Costs to collect Great Green Theory accounts receivable The Company has agreed to split the legal costs of this claim until the funds are recovered or until the claim of liquidated damages is relieved. Total estimated legal costs associated with this claim are approximately 0.3 million. The Company recorded 50 of this amount as a liability on the opening balance sheet as of the date of the acquisition. 
 Pullar urban-gro s former Chief Financial Officer, George Pullar, filed a suit in the District Court of Boulder County, Colorado against urban-gro and Bradley Nattrass, in his capacity as urban-gro s CEO, claiming breach of fiduciary duty. The claims stem from a settlement agreement with Mr. Pullar and allegations that Mr. Nattrass and urban-gro failed to share enough non-public material information about urban-gro s plans for fundraising that would have impacted Mr. Pullar s decision to enter into the settlement agreement. urban-gro s director and officer liability insurance carrier has indicated coverage is available to Mr. Nattrass for this suit. We believe we have substantial defenses to the claim asserted in this lawsuit and intend to vigorously defend this action. 
 Crest Ventures, LLC urban-gro was sued on July 29, 2021, by Crest Ventures, LLC in a breach of contract case in the District Court for Arapahoe County, Colorado. The allegations in the action are based on a claim that Crest Ventures, LLC is entitled to commission compensation on the February 2021 uplisting of our common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market. urban-gro joined as a third-party defendant, Andrew Telsey, for breach of fiduciary duty and fraud. urban-gro also counter-claimed Crest Ventures, LLC for fraud and declaratory judgment. Mr. Telsey was urban-gro's counsel at the 
 26 

time and he claims he was also a member of Crest Ventures. urban-gro entered into a finder's fee agreement with Crest Ventures for a potential M A transaction. Crest Ventures and Mr. Telsey claim the finder's fee agreement also applies to the uplisting onto the Nasdaq. urban-gro denies these claims, believes Crest Ventures and Mr. Telsey are perpetrating fraud, and Mr. Telsey breached his fiduciary duties as legal counsel for urban-gro in the transaction. We believe we have substantial defenses to the claim asserted in this lawsuit and intend to vigorously defend this action. 
 Sunflower Bank urban-gro filed a lawsuit on November 5, 2021, against Sunflower Bank in the District Court for Boulder County, Colorado related to fraudulent wire transfers of approximately 5.1 million that were made from our accounts at Sunflower Bank in October 2021. During 2022, 1.7 million of these funds were returned to us and we received 0.25 million from our insurance company. We sued Sunflower Bank for 3.4 million, exclusive of the insurance proceeds, under a theory of breach of contract, negligence, and breach of UCC standards, as we believed that Sunflower Bank failed to follow industry standard procedures designed to prevent such a theft and was therefore liable for the unrecovered balance. Sunflower Bank filed counterclaims against us for breach of contract and negligence. urban-gro entered into a settlement agreement with Sunflower bank and received 2.4 million in settlement proceeds on March 27, 2023. The case was dismissed with prejudice on March 29, 2023. 
 
 There can be no assurance that future developments related to pending claims filed in the future, whether as a result of adverse outcomes or as a result of significant defense costs, will not have a material effect on urban-gro's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 27 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 On February 17, 2021, we completed a public offering of 6,210,000 shares of our common stock, inclusive of the underwriters full overallotment, at 10.00 per share for total gross offering proceeds of 62,100,000. In connection with the offering, we received approval to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "UGRO." Prior to the offering, shares of our common stock were quoted on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTCQX Marketplace under the symbol "UGRO." Although our shares were quoted on the OTCQX Marketplace from October 7, 2019 through February 11, 2021, because trading on the OTCQX Marketplace was infrequent and limited in volume, the prices at which such transactions occurred did not necessarily reflect the price that would have been paid for our common stock in a more liquid market. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 
 The following table sets forth the high and low closing bid price information for our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market for the time periods indicated. Trading activity for our common stock on the OTCQX Marketplace can be found at www.otcmarkets.com . 
 Quarter Ended Low High December 31, 2022 2.63 2.87 September 30, 2022 2.76 2.98 June 30, 2022 4.68 5.12 March 31, 2022 10.26 11.24 
 Quarter Ended Low High December 31, 2021 8.78 14.77 September 30, 2021 8.51 17.30 June 30, 2021 6.75 10.50 March 31, 2021 6.90 13.80 
 HOLDERS 
 As of March 16, 2023, we had 52 holders of record of our Common Stock. The number of shareholders of record does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. 
 
 DIVIDENDS 
 Since our inception, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock, and we currently expect that, for the foreseeable future, all earnings, if any, will be retained for use in the development and operation of our business. In the future, our Board may decide, at its discretion, whether dividends may be declared and paid to holders of our common stock. 
 REPORTS 
 We are subject to certain reporting requirements and furnish annual financial reports to our shareholders, certified by our independent accountants, and furnish unaudited quarterly financial reports in our quarterly reports filed electronically with the SEC. All reports and information filed by us can be found at the SEC website, www.sec.gov. 

28 

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we issued the following securities that were not registered under the Securities Act: 
 On October 31, 2022 the Company issued 271,875 shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share of 4.06 for a total value of 1.1 million as part of the Initial Purchase Price of the DVO Acquisition as more fully described in Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company issued 283,515 shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share of 8.82 for a total value of 2.5 million as part of the Initial Purchase Price of the Emerald Acquisition as more fully described in Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On June 28, 2021, the Company issued 202,066 shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share of 9.90 for a total value of 2.0 million as part of the initial consideration paid pursuant to the 2WR Purchase Agreement as more fully described in Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On February 21, 2020, we entered into a letter agreement (the "Credit Agreement") by and among us, as borrower, urban-gro Canada Technologies Inc. and Impact Engineering, Inc., as guarantors, various lenders, which may include Bridging Finance Inc., as administrative agent for the lenders (the "Agent"). As additional consideration for the entering into the Credit Agreement, we issued 83,333 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 20,746 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 14.46 per share to the Agent. We relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act to issue the securities. 
 On December 15, 2020, we signed a 1,854,500 convertible note (the "Note") by and among us, as borrower, and various lenders, which may include Bridging Finance Inc., as lender (the "Bridge Financing"). The Bridge Financing was a combination of 1,354,500 received on November 20, 2020, and an additional 500,000 received on December 15, 2020. The lenders in our Bridge Financing were a combination of our Board, our current investors and two new institutional funds. In connection with the Bridge Financing, an outstanding 1,000,000 promissory note and 4,500 interest accrued thereon was converted into the Notes. The Notes were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Notes carried interest at the rate of 12 and were scheduled to mature on December 31, 2021. Pursuant to the mandatory conversion provisions therein, the Notes plus accrued interest of 53,725 were converted into 254,430 shares of common stock upon completion of our 2021 public offering. 
 
 The foregoing issuances of restricted shares of common stock were issued under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Company believes the issuance of the foregoing restricted shares was exempt from registration as a privately negotiated, isolated, non-recurring transaction not involving a public solicitation. No commissions were paid regarding the share issuances, and the share certificates were issued with a Rule 144 restrictive legend. 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 The following table summarizes purchases by us of our common stock during the during the indicated quarters and months, and year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Period 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 Average price paid per share 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 Maximum number (or approximate dollar value of shares that may be purchased under the plan(s) 
 First quarter of 2022 419,088 9.00 924,003 18,333 Second quarter of 2022 924,003 18,333 Third quarter of 2022 63,123 2.90 987,126 1,835,063 October 1 - October 31, 2022 73,784 3.62 1,060,910 1,567,666 November 1 - November 30, 2022 29,690 3.64 1,090,600 1,459,466 December 1 - December 31, 2022 9,233 3.25 1,099,833 1,429,458 Total 
 594,918 7.33 1,099,833 1,429,458 
 29 

The Company s Board has authorized the Company to repurchase common stock through a variety of methods, including open market repurchases, purchases by contract (including, without limitation, 10b5-1 and 10b-18 plans), and/or privately negotiated transactions. The amount, timing, or prices of repurchases, may vary based on market conditions and other factors. The program does not have an expiration date and can be modified or terminated by the Board at any time. On May 24, 2021, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program to purchase up to 5.0 million of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. On January 18, 2022, the Board authorized a 2.0 million increase to the stock repurchase program, to a total of 7.0 million. On February 2, 2022, the Board authorized an additional 1.5 million increase to the stock repurchase, to a total of 8.5 million. On September 12, 2022, the Board authorized an additional 2.0 million increase to the stock repurchase program, to a total of 10.5 million. Since inception of the stock repurchase programs, the Company has repurchased 1.1 million shares at an average price per share of 8.25 for a total of 9.1 million. In February 2021, the Company repurchased 350,000 shares of common stock with an average price per share of 8.50, for a total repurchase of 3.0 million, outside of any stock repurchase or publicly announced program. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition should be read together with the financial statements and related notes and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Report. Such discussion and analysis reflects our historical results of operations and financial position. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Information about Forward-Looking Statements" and elsewhere in this Report. All share and per share amounts presented herein have been restated to reflect the implementation of the 1-for-6 reverse stock split as if it had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 
 
 OVERVIEW AND HISTORY S EE "I TEM 1. B USINESS" FOR A FURTHER DESCRIPTION OF OUR H ISTORY AND B ACKGROUND 
 urban-gro is an integrated professional services and design-build firm. Our business focuses primarily on providing fee-based knowledge-based services as well as the value-added reselling of equipment. We derive income from our ability to generate revenue from our clients through the billing of our employees time spent on client projects. We offer value-added architectural, engineering, systems procurement and integration, and construction design-build solutions to customers operating in the CEA and Commercial sectors. In the CEA sector, our clients include operators and facilitators in both the cannabis and produce markets in the United States, Canada, and Europe. In the Commercial sector, we work with leading Food and Beverage CPG companies in the United States, and clients in other commercial sectors including healthcare, higher education, and hospitality. During 2021 and 2022, we made the following acquisitions: 
 July 2021 - Three affiliated architecture design companies (the "2WR Entities") 
 April 2022 - A construction design-build firm ("Emerald") 
 October 2022 - An engineering firm ("DVO") 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenues of 67.0 million compared to revenues of 62.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4.9 million, or 8 . This increase in revenues is the net result of the following changes in individual revenue components: 
 Construction design-build revenues increased 19.8 million as a result of the acquisition of Emerald; 
 Services revenue increased 7.8 million, primarily from the acquisition of the 2WR Entities; 
 Equipment systems revenue decreased 22.2 million due to negative market conditions in the cannabis sector and a reduction in capital equipment spending by customers; and 
 Other revenue decreased 0.5 million. 
 30 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenues was 52.8 million compared to 47.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.47 million, or 12 . This increase is directly attributable to the increase in revenues indicated above. 
 
 Gross profit was 14.2 million (21 of revenue) during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 14.8 million (24 of revenue) during the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of revenues decreased overall due to the offsetting effects of the following: initiation of lower margin construction design-build revenue (10 gross profit margin); margins on equipment systems revenue, which made up 89 of total revenues in 2021 and 50 of total revenues in 2022, declined from 24 in 2021 to 16 in 2022; and an increase in services revenue which had a 52 gross profit margin in 2022. 
 
 Operating expenses increased by 11.9 million, or 79 , to 26.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 15.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was due to: 
 a 7.1 million increase in general and administrative expenses due to an increase in personnel, salaries, marketing, and travel expenses attributable to the acquisitions, investments made to service our backlog and future growth, and expansion into Europe; 
 a one-time 3.3 million business development expense related to satisfying a lighting issue encountered by a major customer; 
 a 0.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to increased personnel; and 
 a 0.8 million increase in intangible asset amortization related to the acquisitions. 
 
 Non-operating expense was 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.3 million. This increase was primarily due to a 2.7 million expense from the impairment of the Edyza investment of 1.7 million and an impairment recorded upon settlement of a wire fraud receivable of 1.0 million, as well as a 0.4 million expense recognized from the remeasurement of contingent consideration from the 2WR acquisition. 
 As a result of the above, we incurred a net loss of 15.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or a net loss per share of 1.44, compared to a net loss of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or a net loss per share of 0.09. 
 31 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 The Company uses the supplemental financial measure of Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA") as a measure of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA is not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP and it is not a substitute for other measures prescribed by U.S. GAAP such as net income (loss), income (loss) from operations, and cash flows from operating activities. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) attributable to urban-gro, Inc., determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding the effects of certain operating and non-operating expenses including, but not limited to, interest expense/income, income taxes/benefit, depreciation of tangible assets, amortization of intangible assets, impairment losses, unrealized exchange gains/losses, debt forgiveness and extinguishment, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition costs, and other nonrecurring expenses that we do not believe reflect our core operating performance. 
 Our Board and management team focus on Adjusted EBITDA as a key performance and compensation measure. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA assists us in comparing our operating performance over various reporting periods because it removes from our operating results the impact of items that our management believes do not reflect our core operating performance. 
 The following table reconciles net loss attributable to the Company to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (15,277,909) (875,667) Interest expense 54,579 334,056 Interest expense beneficial conversion of notes payable 636,075 Interest income (329,012) Income tax benefit (322,092) Depreciation and amortization 1,483,065 495,276 EBITDA (14,391,369) 589,740 Loss on extinguishment of debt 790,723 PPP loan forgiveness (1,032,316) Non-recurring legal fees 352,173 126,246 One-time employee expense 819,089 125,000 Contingent consideration 436,905 Business development 3,299,864 Impairment loss 2,660,934 Stock-based compensation 2,571,785 1,840,913 Transaction costs 347,317 238,495 Adjusted EBITDA (3,903,302) 2,678,801 
 32 

Backlog 
 
 Backlog is a financial measure that generally reflects the dollar value of revenue that the Company expects to realize in the future. Although backlog is not a term recognized under U.S GAAP, it is a common measure used by companies operating in our industries. We report backlog for the following revenue categories: (i) Equipment Systems; (ii) Construction Design-Build; and (iii) Services. We define backlog for Equipment Systems and Services as signed contracts, with Equipment Systems contracts generally requiring receipt of a customer deposit prior to being included in backlog. Construction Design-Build backlog is comprised of construction projects once the contract is awarded and to the extent we believe funding is probable. Our Construction Design/Build backlog consists of uncompleted work on contracts in progress and contracts for which we have executed a contract but have not commenced the work. For uncompleted work on contracts in progress, we include (i) executed change orders, (ii) pending change orders for which we expect to receive confirmation in the ordinary course of business, and (iii) claims that we have made against our customers for which we have determined we have a legal basis under existing contractual arrangements and as to which we consider collection to be probable. 
 
 Backlog for each of our revenue categories as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is reflected in the following tables: 
 
 December 31, 2022 CEA Commercial Total Relative Percentage (in millions) Equipment systems 
 5 5 5 Services 4 2 6 6 Construction design-build (1) 
 67 15 82 88 Total backlog 
 76 17 93 100 Relative percentage 82 18 100 Note: Percentages may not add up due to rounding. (1) Construction design-build revenue and backlog relate to the operations of Emerald, which was acquired by the Company on April 29, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2021 CEA Commercial Total Relative Percentage (in millions) Equipment systems 
 25 25 83 Services 3 2 5 17 Total backlog 
 28 2 30 100 Relative percentage 93 7 100 Note: Percentages may not add up due to rounding. 
 
 Historically, the majority of our Equipment Systems and Services backlog has been retired and converted into revenue within two quarters. At December 31, 2022, we expected approximately 60 of our Construction Design-Build backlog to be completed in the next 12 months. At December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for 46 of total backlog. 
 
 Certain Construction Design-Build contracts contain options that are exercisable at the discretion of our customer to award additional work to us, without requiring us to go through an additional competitive bidding process. In addition, some customer contracts also contain task orders that are signed under master contracts pursuant to which we perform work only when the customer awards specific task orders to us. 
 
 Contracts in our Construction Design-Build backlog may be canceled or modified at the election of the customer. Many Construction Design-Build projects are added to our contract backlog and completed within the same fiscal year and therefore may not be reflected in our beginning or quarter-end Construction Design-Build backlog amounts. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 10.3 million, compared to working capital of 34.5 million as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 24.2 million. This decrease in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in cash of 22.6 million (which is further detailed below) and the net effects of reductions in customer deposits of 10.8 million and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 7.4 million. The reductions in customer deposits and prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 33 

corresponds to a reduction in customer orders for equipment systems which is reflected in the reduction in equipment systems backlog from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 outlined in Backlog above. Due to the acquisition of Emerald in 2022, the Company includes in working capital contract receivables and liabilities related to construction projects. These construction working capital balances are described in further detail in our consolidated financial statements, including the accompanying notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 12.0 million, which represented a decrease of 22.6 million from 34.6 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, we had cash of 34.6 million, which represented an increase of 34.4 million from 0.2 million as of December 31, 2020. Changes in cash during 2022 and 2021 are discussed below. 
 Operating Activities: 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 12.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. This use of cash was the net effect of the net loss of 15.3 million, offset by non-cash expenses of 6.9 million, and a reduction in net operating assets and liabilities of 4.2 million. The 4.2 million reduction in net operating assets and liabilities was due to the net effects of a 10.8 million decrease in customer deposits, a 1.1 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, a 8.2 million decrease in prepayments and other assets, and a 2.5 million increase in accounts receivable. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 1.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This use of cash was the net effect of the net loss of 0.9 million, offset by non-cash expenses of 2.9 million, and a decrease in net operating assets and liabilities of 3.6 million. The 3.6 million decrease in net operating assets and liabilities was due to the net effects of a 10.5 million increase in accounts receivable, an 8.1 million increase in prepayments and other assets, an 8.5 million increase in customer deposits, and a 6.5 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Investing Activities: 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This use of cash was due to 0.6 million for the purchase of fixed assets needed for our growing workforce and 3.9 million in net cash used to acquire Emerald and DVO. We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 8.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This use of cash was due to 5.5 million from the acquisition of the 2WR Entities, 2.5 million to acquire an investment in XS Financial and 0.3 million for the purchase of fixed assets. 
 Financing Activities: 
 Net cash used by financing activities was 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 44.3 million cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relates to 4.4 million used in the repurchase of common stock and 1.0 million paid for acquisition related contingent consideration. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 44.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cash was the net effect of 57.7 million raised from the issuance of common stock in connection with our uplisting to Nasdaq offset by repurchases of common stock of 7.7 million and repayments of debt of 5.8 million. 
 Material Cash Requirements: 
 Our material cash requirements include payments on the promissory note associated with the DVO acquisition and operating lease payments. These obligations are described in detail in our consolidated financial statements, including the accompanying notes. 
 
 INFLATION 
 
 Inflation has resulted in increased costs for our customers. In addition, the U.S. Government has responded to inflation by raising interest rates, which has increased the cost of capital for our customers. We believe this has resulted in some customers delaying projects, reducing the scope of projects or potentially canceling projects, as well as increased costs of our operations, which has negatively impacted the results of our operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. We maintain strategies to mitigate the impact of higher material, energy and commodity costs, including cost reduction, alternative sourcing strategies, and passing along cost increase to customers, which may offset only a portion of the adverse impact. We believe the current inflationary environment has negatively impacted our customers which has led to delays in our customers starting projects, which in turn has delayed our customers from signing contracts with us. 
 34 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Please refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies set forth immediately following the signature page of this Report for more information on our significant accounting policies. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Please refer to Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies set forth immediately following the signature page of this Report for information on new authoritative accounting guidance. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary financial information required by this Item are set forth immediately following the signature page and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 35 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 
 These controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at reasonable assurance levels. 
 We believe that our financial statements presented in this Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for all periods presented herein. 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdown can occur because of simple error or mistake. In particular, many of our current processes rely upon manual reviews and processes to ensure that neither human error nor system weakness has resulted in erroneous reporting of financial data. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which were identified in conjunction with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Those rules define internal control over financial reporting as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 36 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). 
 This Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Report. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information concerning our directors and officers is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information concerning our directors and officers is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information concerning our directors and officers is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information concerning our directors and officers is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information concerning our directors and officers is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 38 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES. 
 A list of financial statements filed herewith is contained is set forth on page F-1 of the financial statements that immediately follow the signature page of this Report and is incorporated by reference herein. The financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the information has been included in our financial statements. The exhibits required by this Item are contained in the Exhibit Index beginning on the following page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed June 28, 2021), by and between 2WR Entities, urban-gro, Inc. and urban-gro Architect Holdings, LLC. 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of urban-gro, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed October 30, 2020). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of urban-gro, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 2021). 
 3.3 Bylaws of urban-gro, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K filed October 30, 2020). 
 3.4 Amendment No. 1 to Bylaws of urban-gro, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed January 12, 2021). 
 4.1 Description of urban-gro, Inc. s Common Stock. 
 10.1 Employment Agreement by and between urban-gro, Inc. and J ason T. Archer , dated January 12 , 202 3 . 
 10.2 Intellectual Property Purchase and Assignment Agreement between Edyza, Inc. and Registrant (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 18, 2018) . 
 10.3 Business Lease between JW Properties, LLC and Registrant dated July 22, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Form S-1Registration Statement filed on May 18, 2018) . 
 10.4 Commercial Lease Agreement between Bravo Lighting, LLC and Registration (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 18, 2018) . 
 10.5 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Michael Sandy Bank dated April 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form S-1/A Registration Statement filed on July 11, 2018) . 
 10.6 Redemption Agreement with Total Grow Holdings LLC dated January 24, 2020 (incorporated by referenced to Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2020) . 
 10.7 Separation Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2020, by and between urban-gro, Inc. and Larry Dodson (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2020) . 
 10.8 Form of Stock Option Agreement to be entered into on the Effective Date by and between urban-gro, Inc. and Larry Dodson (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2020) . 
 10.9 urban-gro, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Form S-8 filed on August 27, 2019) . 
 10.10 Form of Deferred Shares Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020). 
 
 39 

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 10.11 Letter Agreement, dated February 21, 2020, by and among urban-gro, Inc., urban-gro Canada Technologies Inc., Impact Engineering, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Bridging Finance Inc., as administrative agent for the lenders. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020). 
 10.12 Promissory Note, dated October 18, 2018, between urban-gro, Inc. and Cloud9 Support Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020). 
 10.13 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated May 20, 2019, between urban-gro, Inc. and Cloud9 Support Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020). 
 10.14 Subordination Agreement, dated February 25, 2020, between urban-gro, Inc. and Cloud9 Support Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020). 
 10.15 Promissory Note, dated February 21, 2020, between urban-gro, Inc. and Cloud9 Support Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020). 
 10.16 First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2020, by and among urban-gro, Inc., urban-gro Canada Technologies Inc., Impact Engineering, Inc. and Bridging Finance Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2020). 
 10.17 Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2020, by and between urban-gro, Inc. and George (Bob) Pullar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2020). 
 10.18 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, by and between urban-gro, Inc. and Bradley Nattrass (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form S-1 filed on November 16, 2020) . 
 10.19 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, by and between urban-gro, Inc. and Richard Akright (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form S-1 filed on November 16, 2020) . 
 10.20 Form of Amended and Restated Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.21 Form of Amended and Restated Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.22 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.23 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2020). 
 21.1 S ubsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of BF Borgers CPA PC. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 40 

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 _____________________ 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunder duly authorized. 
 URBAN-GRO, INC. Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: /s/ Bradley Nattrass Bradley Nattrass Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Bradley Nattrass, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto such attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Bradley Nattrass Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2023 Bradley Nattrass (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Richard A. Akright Chief Financial Officer March 30, 2023 Richard A. Akright (Principal Financial Officer) 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 /s/ Lewis O. Wilks Director March 30, 2023 Lewis O. Wilks /s/ David Hsu Director March 30, 2023 David Hsu /s/ Sonia Lo Director March 30, 2023 Sonia Lo /s/ Anita Britt Director March 30, 2023 Anita Britt /s/ James Lowe Director March 30, 2023 James Lowe 
 42 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F- 2 
 C onsolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and C omprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Y ears ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 6 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of urban-gro, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of urban-gro, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 F-2 

urban-gro, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net Contract receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Property and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets, net Investments Goodwill Intangible assets, net Total non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Contract liabilities Customer deposits Contingent consideration Promissory note Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liability Total non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (note 12) Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares, cost basis: shares as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-3 

urban-gro, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Equipment systems Services Construction design-build Other Total revenues and other income Cost of revenues: Equipment systems Services Construction design-build Other Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: General and administrative Stock-based compensation Intangible asset amortization Business development Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Non-operating income (expenses): Interest expense ) ) Interest expense beneficial conversion of notes payable ) Interest income Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Contingent consideration ) Impairment loss ) PPP loan forgiveness Other income (expense) ) Total non-operating income (expenses) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average shares basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-4 

urban-gro, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation Beneficial conversion feature Conversion of bridge financing Common stock repurchased ) ) Stock issuance related to offering Stock issuance related to acquisition Stock issued in conversion of warrants Stock grant program vesting ) Stock options exercised Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchased ) ) Stock issuance related to acquisition Stock issued in conversion of warrants ) Stock grant program vesting ) Stock options exercised Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-5 

urban-gro, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax benefit ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Stock-based compensation expense Interest expense beneficial conversion of notes payable Impairment loss Change in fair value of contingent consideration PPP loan forgiveness ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of acquired amounts): Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Prepayments and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liability ) Customer deposits ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Repurchase of common stock ) ) Repayment of finance lease ROU liability ) Payments to settle contingent consideration ) Repayment of debt ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-6 

urban-gro, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Net cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Stock issued for acquisitions Operating lease right of use assets and liabilities extension 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-7 

urban-gro, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 
 
 million, after working capital adjustments, was comprised of (i) million in cash, (ii) a million Seller's promissory note, and (iii) million of the Company's common stock. The Seller's promissory note is to be paid out over quarters beginning in January 2023. The purchase price excludes up to million of contingent consideration earnout that may become payable to the sellers dependent on the continued employment of the DVO Shareholders. The contingent consideration earnout is payable in cash or shares of the Company's common stock at the discretion of the Company. 
 
 Allocation of purchase price: Accounts receivable, net Right of use asset Property and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Accrued expenses ) Right of use liability ) 
 Pro-forma disclosure of the DVO acquisition is not required as the historical results of DVO were not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements. Acquired goodwill from DVO represents the value expected to arise from organic growth and an opportunity to expand into a well-established market for the Company. 
 
 F-8 

million, after working capital adjustments, was comprised of (i) million in cash, (ii) million of the Company s common stock, and (iii) million of estimated contingent consideration earnout payable to the Emerald Sellers over the term of the earnout. The Emerald Sellers may earn up to million of total contingent consideration earnout based on the performance of Emerald during the period following the closing of the Emerald acquisition. The contingent consideration earnout is equal to of Emerald's quarterly gross profit and is payable quarterly in shares of the Company s common stock with the value of such shares being determined based upon the volume-weighted average price ("VWAP") of the Company s common stock in the trading days prior to the end of the applicable quarter for which the quarterly gross profit is calculated. 
 
 Allocation of purchase price: 
 Cash Accounts receivable, net Contract receivable Prepayments and other assets Property and equipment Right of use asset Goodwill Intangible assets Accrued expenses ) Contract liabilities ) Right of use liability ) Deferred tax liability ) 
 
 Net loss ) ) 
 
 Acquired goodwill from Emerald represents the value expected to arise from organic growth and an opportunity to expand into a well-established market for the Company. 
 
 F-9 

affiliated architecture design companies (the "2WR Entities") from their selling shareholders (the "2WR Sellers"). In connection with the acquisition of the 2WR Entities, the Company entered into an affiliate relationship with a fourth architecture design company owned by of the 2WR Sellers. The purchase price of million, after working capital adjustments, was comprised of the following: (i) million in cash, (ii) million of the Company's common stock, and (iii) million of estimated contingent earnout payable to the 2WR Sellers over the term of the earnout. The agreement included up to million of total contingent consideration earnout based on the performance of the 2WR Entities payable to the 2WR Sellers. Based on the performance of the 2WR Entities since the time of the acquisition, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company agreed to pay the remaining million contingent consideration earnout. This resulted in the Company recording additional contingent consideration expense of million related to the acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Allocation of purchase price: Cash Accounts receivable, net Prepayments and other assets Property and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Accrued expenses ) Deferred tax liability ) 
 Net income (loss) ) 
 Acquired goodwill from the 2WR Entities represents the value expected to arise from organic growth and an opportunity to expand into a well-established market for the Company. 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. 
 
 NOTE 2 

On December 31, 2020, we effected a 1-for-6 reverse stock split with respect to our common stock. All share and per share information in these consolidated financial statements give effect to this reverse stock split. 

F-10 

F-11 

There have been no changes in Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 categorizations and no changes in valuation techniques for these assets or liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 There are no restricted or compensating cash balances as of December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively. The allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated based on a detailed review of certain individual customer accounts and an estimation of the overall economic conditions affecting the Company s customer base. The Company reviews a customer s credit history before extending credit to the customer. If the financial condition of its customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additions to the allowance would be required. A provision is made against accounts receivable to the extent they are considered unlikely to be collected. Occasionally, the Company will write off bad-debt directly to the bad-debt expense account when the balance is determined to be uncollectible. Bad-debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 Non-trade Accounts Receivable 
 
 Non-trade accounts receivable consist of amounts due to the Company outside of our normal operating business. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and of non-trade accounts receivable, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, non-trade accounts receivables was comprised of miscellaneous non-trade accounts receivables totaling and non-trade accounts receivable related to litigation involving fraudulent wire transactions of . As of December 31, 2021, non-trade accounts receivable was comprised of amounts related to litigation involving fraudulent wire transactions of . On March 27, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to settle this litigation and received a cash payment of on March 27, 2023. In connection with this settlement, the Company recorded an impairment in the fourth quarter of 2022 of . 
 
 Additions Payments received ) Impairment recorded upon settlement ) Ending fraudulent wire receivable 
 
 F-12 

impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 years Furniture and equipment years Leasehold improvements Lease term Vehicles years Other equipment or years 
 Software years 

The Company has various operating and finance equipment and office leases with an imputed annual interest rate of . 

years for patents, years for trademarks and trade names, years for customer relationships, and year for backlog. Intangible assets are reported in the "Intangible Asset" line on the balance sheet. 

F-13 

Total shipping costs included in the cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 
 Total advertising expense incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 F-14 

F-15 

NOTE 3 

Services Construction design-build Other Total revenues and other income Relative percentage Note: Percentages may not calculate due to rounding. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 CEA Commercial Total Relative Percentage Equipment systems Services Construction design-build Other Total revenues and other income Relative percentage Note: Percentages may not calculate due to rounding. 
 
 Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer, to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. Equipment systems contracts are lump sum contracts, which require the performance of some, or all, of the obligations under the contract for a specified amount. Service revenue contracts, which include both architectural and engineering designs, generally contain multiple performance obligations which can span across multiple phases of a project and are generally set forth in the contract as distinct milestones. The majority of construction design-build contracts have a single performance obligation, as the promise to transfer the individual goods or services is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, not distinct. Some contracts have multiple performance obligations, most commonly due to the contract covering multiple phases of the project life cycle (design and construction). 
 
 The transaction price for service contracts and construction design-build contracts is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, each performance obligation is satisfied. When there are multiple performance obligations under the same service contract, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the standalone selling price. In general, payment is fixed at the time of the contract and are not subject to discounts, incentives, payment bonuses, credits, and penalties, unless negotiated in an amendment. 
 
 F-16 

F-17 

Retainage included in contract assets due to being conditional on something other than solely passage of time Total contract assets As of December 31, 2022 2021 Contract liabilities: Payments received or receivable (contract receivables) in excess of revenue recognized on uncompleted contracts (contract liability) Retainage included in contract liabilities due to being conditional on something other than solely passage of time Total contract liabilities 
 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, balances from contracts with customers within the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, were and , respectively. 
 
 For equipment systems contracts, the Company s predominant policy is to collect deposits from customers at the beginning of the contract and the balance of the contract payment prior to shipping. The Company does, in some cases, collect deposits or retainers as down payments on service contracts. Consumable products orders may be paid for in advance of shipment or for recurring customers with credit, payment terms of 30 days or less may be extended by the Company. Customer payments that have been collected prior to the performance obligation being recognized are recorded as customer deposit liabilities on the balance sheet. When the performance obligation is satisfied and all the criteria for revenue recognition are met, revenue is recognized. In certain situations when the customer has paid the deposit and services have been performed but the customer chooses not to proceed with the contract, the Company is entitled to keep the deposit and recognize revenue. Of the outstanding customer deposit balance of at December 31, 2021, was recognized as revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. The entire customer deposit balance of at December 31, 2020 was recognized as revenue in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 note plus of accrued interest into a convertible note bridge financing (see "Bridge Financing" in Note 10 Notes Payable). The note carried interest at a rate of and matured on December 31, 2021. The note was converted into shares of the Company's common stock in connection with the Company's uplisting to Nasdaq in February 2021. 
 Cloud9 Support, an entity owned by James Lowe, purchases materials from the Company for use with their customers. Total sales to Cloud9 Support were and during the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. Outstanding receivables from Cloud9 Support as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. There was outstanding payables for purchases of inventory or other services to Cloud9 Support as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-18 

NOTE 5 
 Prepaid services and fees Others Total prepayments and other assets 
 
 NOTE 6 - 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Vehicles Software Other equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property plant and equipment, net 
 and , respectively. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Impairment ) ) Paid in kind interest Balances, as of December 31, 2022 
 XS Financial 
 On October 30, 2021, the Company participated in a convertible note offering of Xtraction Services, Inc., a/k/a XS Financial Inc. (CSE: XSF) (OTCQB: XSHLF) ("XSF"), a specialty finance company providing CAPEX financing solutions, including equipment leasing, to CEA companies in the United States. The Company invested of a total raised by XSF. Prior to any Nasdaq listing, the investment incurs interest payable, of which, is cash interest and . is interest paid in kind. Subsequent to any Nasdaq listing, the investment incurs interest. The debt matures on October 28, 2023, with a option at the sole discretion of XSF to extend the maturity date. In addition, the Company received million warrants denominated in Canadian dollars ("C ") with a C share price as subject to the warrant instrument. No value was attributed to the warrants at the time of the investment. 
 F-19 

ownership. The impairment recorded was million. 

NOTE 8 
 
 and . Goodwill is not amortized. The Company did t record any impairment charges related to goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Intangible Assets Other Than Goodwill 
 
 ) Trademarks and trade names ) Backlog and Other ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trade names Total indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets, net ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Finite-lived intangible assets: Customer relationships ) Trademarks and trade names ) Backlog and Other ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trade names Total indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets, net ) 
 F-20 

and , respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total estimated future amortization expense 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Accrued wages and related expenses Accrued 401(k) Accrued sales tax payable Total accrued expenses 
 Accrued sales tax payable is comprised of amounts due to various states and Canadian provinces for 2015 through 2022. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 . The Bridge Financing Notes are a combination of from James Lowe, (See Note 4 Related Party Transactions), received in November 2020, and an additional received in December 2020. The Bridge Financing Notes carried interest at the rate of and had a maturity date of December 31, 2021. The Bridge Financing Notes were mandatorily convertible upon the closing of a sale of the securities of the Company, whether in a private placement or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, resulting in at least of gross proceeds to the Company (a "Qualified Offering"). In the event of a Qualified Offering, the outstanding principal and interest of the Bridge Financing Notes were to be converted into the identical security issued at such Qualified Offering at of the per security price paid by investors in connection with the Qualified Offering. The offering described in Note 15 Shareholders Equity, was a Qualified Offering and the Bridge Financing Notes were converted into equity in connection with the offering on February 17, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 , payable to DVO was issued effective November 1, 2022 (the "DVO Promissory Note"). The principal amount, together with the simple interest accrued on the unpaid principal amount outstanding will be paid by the Company on a quarterly basis for the first consecutive quarters, with the first payment paid in January 2023, and the remaining three payments due following the end of each subsequent fiscal quarter thereafter until the earlier of the end of the fourth full fiscal quarter following the closing date December 31, 2023 or the payment in full of all amounts due. The DVO Promissory Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty; provided, that each payment shall be accompanied by payment of all unpaid costs, fees and expenses, if any, which are due plus all accrued and unpaid interest due as of the date of such prepayment. 
 F-21 

million (USD million), which was funded in its entirety on the closing date (the "Term Loan"); and (ii) a 12-month demand revolving credit facility of up to C million (USD million), which could be drawn from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement and described further below (the "Revolving Facility," and together with the Term Loan, the "Facilities"). The Credit Agreement was personally guaranteed by the Company s CEO and Chairman, Bradley Nattrass, and was to be in place for the original term of the Credit Agreement year) plus a extension period at the discretion of the Lender as provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 The final maturity date of the Facilities was initially stipulated in the Credit Agreement as the earlier of (i) demand, and (ii) the date that is months after the closing date, with a potential extension to the date that is months after the closing date (the "Initial Maturity Date"). The Facilities bore interest at the annual rate established and designated by the Bank of Nova Scotia as the prime rate, plus per annum. Accrued interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Facilities was due and payable monthly in arrears, on the last business day of each month, and on the Initial Maturity Date. 
 The Revolving Facility could initially be borrowed and re-borrowed on a revolving basis by the Company during the term of the Facilities, provided that borrowings under the Revolving Facility were limited by a loan availability formula equal to the sum of (i) of insured accounts receivable, (ii) of investment grade receivables, (iii) of other accounts receivable, (iv) of eligible inventory, and (v) the lesser of C million (USD million) and (A) of uncollected amounts on eligible signed equipment orders for equipment systems contracts and (B) of uncollected amounts on eligible signed professional services order forms for design contracts. The Revolving Facility could be prepaid in part or in full without a penalty at any time during the term of the Facilities, and the Term Loan could be prepaid in full or in part without penalty subject to days prior notice in each case subject to certain customary conditions. 
 On September 4, 2020, the Company executed an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "First Amendment") to extend the maturity date of the Facilities to December 31, 2021 (the "Revised Maturity Date"). The First Amendment also increased the rate at which the Facilities would bear interest to the annual rate established and designated by the Bank of Nova Scotia as the prime rate, plus per annum. 
 As a result of the First Amendment, the Company was required to prepay, on or before January 31, 2021, of the balance of the Term Loan and begin making monthly payments of on the balance on the Term Loan starting on March 1, 2021. Additionally, the Company was required to make monthly payments of on the balance under the Revolving Facility beginning October 1, 2020 and could make no more draws under the Revolving Facility. 
 The Company incurred of debt issuance costs in connection with these Facilities, of which was non-cash in the form of Common Stock and warrant issuances. The Company estimated the fair value of these warrants at the respective balance sheet dates using the Black-Scholes option pricing based on the market value of the underlying Common Stock at the valuation measurement date of , the remaining contractual terms of the warrants of years, risk free interest rate of an expected volatility of the price of the underlying Common Stock of . The Company recorded the debt issuance costs as either a deferred financing asset or a direct reduction of the loan obligation based on the pro-rata value of the Revolving Facility and Term Loan, respectively, on the closing date. The debt issuance costs were being amortized as interest expense over the life of the Facilities, until the Revised Maturity Date. On February 17, 2021, the Company repaid all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement and expensed the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs as loss on extinguishment of debt. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was unamortized debt issuance costs remaining related to the Revolving Facility and Term Loan, respectively. 
 F-22 

NOTE 12 
 operating office lease liabilities and finance office lease liability with an imputed annual interest rate of . of the leases were assigned to the Company in connection with the acquisitions of 2WR, Emerald, and DVO. The remaining lease terms range from less than a year to years, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Less current portion ) ) Long term 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Amount representing interest ) Net lease obligations 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in routine litigation that arises in the ordinary course of business. There are no legal proceedings for which management believes the ultimate outcome would have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 C000001140 C000002187 Amounts less than 10 

F-23 

C000001140 C000002151 C000002187 Amounts less than 10 
 
 The table below shows vendors who account for 10 or more of the Company s total purchases and 10 or more of the Company s accounts payable for the periods presented: 
 
 Vendors exceeding 10 of purchases 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Company Vendor Number 
 2022 2021 V000001029 V000000453 V000001326 V000001372 Amounts less than 10 
 
 Vendors exceeding 10 of accounts payable: 
 As of December 31, Company Vendor Number 
 2022 2021 V000000453 V000001372 V000001326 V000001910 Amounts less than 10 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 

NOTE 14 
 and , respectively based on the vesting schedule of the stock grants and options. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares vested and were issued to employees and directors. During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares vested and were issued to employees and directors. No cash flow effects are anticipated for stock grants. 
 The Company has adopted equity incentive plans ("Incentive Plans") which provide for the issuance of incentive stock options, stock grants and stock-based awards to employees, directors, and consultants of the Company to reward and attract employees and compensate the Board and vendors when applicable. The Incentive Plans are administered by the Company's Board. Stock grants under the Incentive Plans are valued at the price of the stock on the date of grant. The fair value of the options is calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model based on the estimated market value of the underlying common stock at the valuation measurement date, 
 F-24 

. There is a moderate degree of subjectivity involved when estimating the value of stock options with the Black-Scholes option pricing model as the assumptions used are moderately judgmental. Stock grants and stock options are sometimes offered as part of an employment offer package, to ensure continuity of service or as a reward for performance. Stock grants and stock options typically require a to year period of continued employment or service performance before the stock grant or stock option vests. 
 
 Grants awarded Forfeiture/cancelled Grants vested ) Grants unissued as of December 31, 2021 Grants awarded Forfeiture/Cancelled ) Grants vested ) Grants unissued as of December 31, 2022 
 2023 2024 
 Issued Exercised ) Expired ) Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2021 Stock options exercisable at December 31, 2021 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Remaining 
 Life (Years) 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Issued Exercised ) Expired ) Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Stock options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 F-25 

2023 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 is . 
 
 NOTE 15 
 shares of our common stock, inclusive of the underwriters full over allotment, at per share for total gross offering proceeds of . In connection with this offering, we received approval to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "UGRO." 
 
 On May 24, 2021, we announced that the Board authorized a stock repurchase program to purchase up to million of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, over a period of months through open market purchases, in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On January 18, 2022, the Board authorized a million increase to the stock repurchase program, to a total of million. On February 2, 2022, the Board authorized an additional million increase to the stock repurchase, to a total of million. On September 12, 2022, the Board authorized an additional million increase to the stock repurchase, for a total of million. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 the Company has repurchased shares of common stock at an average price per share of , for a total price of million. In total, the Company has repurchased shares of common stock at an average price per share of for a total of million, under this program. 
 
 In February 2021, the Company repurchased shares of common stock with an average price per share of , for a total of million, outside of any stock repurchase or publicly announced program. 
 
 NOTE 16 
 of operating loss carryforwards for United States tax purposes, expiring as follows: 
 expiring in 2037 
 with no expiration 
 
 Realization of operating loss carryforwards to offset future operating income for tax purposes are subject to various limitations including change of ownership and current year taxable income percentage limitations. The Company has credit carryforwards for tax purposes. 
 F-26 

NOTE 17 
 of its international vendors to fulfill an order for a major customer. Subsequent to the sale, delivery and installation of the lights, the customer noted the lights were not performing as the manufacturer had stipulated. The Company performed tests of the lights and confirmed the performance metrics did not meet the manufacturer s specifications. The Company worked with the customer to determine a lighting solution of replacement lights, sourced from the vendor, that would meet their needs. The customer has been a key customer to the Company and the Company expects to continue to do significant business with the customer in the future. In order to immediately satisfy the customer in this matter, the Company agreed to supply the replacement lighting solution to the customer at the Company s expense while the Company continues to work with the vendor to resolve the original defective lighting issue, including, claims for reimbursement of the expense. 
 
 In total, the Company delivered million of replacement lighting equipment to the customer and recorded the full amount as a business development expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 18 
 Exercised ) Issued in conjunction with equity offering Expired ) Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2021 
 Number of shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Exercised ) Terminated cashless exercise ) Expired Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 The fair value of the options is calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model based on the estimated market value of the underlying common stock at the valuation measurement date of , the contractual term of the options is 3 years, 25 days, risk-free interest rate of and expected volatility of the price of the underlying common stock of . There is a moderate degree of subjectivity involved when estimating the value of warrants with the Black-Scholes option pricing model as the assumptions used are moderately judgmental. 
 The weighted-average life of the warrants is years. The aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 is . 
 
 NOTE 19 
 to settle a litigation matter. 
 F-27 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 a123122-ex41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE URBAN-GRO, INC. SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following descriptions are summaries of the material terms of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Reference is made to the more detailed provisions of, and the descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws, forms of which are filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Report, and applicable law. 
 
 General 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.10 par value per share. The outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Holders of common stock will have voting rights for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action, except with respect to amendments to our certificate of incorporation that alter or change the powers, preferences, rights or other terms of any outstanding preferred stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock are entitled to vote on such an amendment. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of common stock will be entitled to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders and also will be entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor. The payment of dividends, if any, on the common stock will be subject to the prior payment of dividends on any outstanding preferred stock, of which there is currently none. Upon our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets remaining available for distribution to stockholders after payment of all liabilities and provision for the liquidation of any shares of preferred stock outstanding at that time. Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally has an anti-takeover effect for transactions not approved in advance by our Board. This may discourage takeover attempts that might result in payment of a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15 or 

more of the corporation s voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions 
 
 before the stockholder became interested, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder or upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested outstanding, shares owned by 
 
 persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances or at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Special meeting of stockholders 
 
 Our bylaws further provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be only called by our Board with a majority vote of our Board, by our chief executive officer or our chairman. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Director Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice needs to be delivered to the secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 45th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 75th day prior to the first anniversary of the date on which we first mailed its proxy materials for the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders provided, however, if no proxy materials were mailed by us in connection with the preceding year s annual meeting, or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 30 days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice shall be timely if delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the 90th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first made or sent by us. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Authorized but unissued shares 
 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Removal of directors 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that a member of our Board may be removed from service as a director, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of voting stock then outstanding and entitled to vote in an election of directors. 
 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended, against all expenses and liabilities reasonably incurred in connection with their service for or on our behalf. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except for liability (i) for any appropriation by a director, in violation of his or her duties, of any business opportunity of the Corporation, (ii) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (iii) with respect to illegal dividends or redemptions, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director received an improper personal benefit. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. 
 
 These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these 

indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. 
 
 There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers where indemnification by us would be required or permitted. We are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that might result in a claim for such indemnification. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol UGRO. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equiniti Trust Company (f k a Corporate Stock Transfer), 3200 Cherry Creek Drive South, Suite 430, Denver, Colorado 80209, phone (303) 282-4800. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a123122-ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation urban-gro Canada Technologies, Inc. Canada urban-gro Europe B.V. Netherlands urban-gro Europe OPS B.V. Netherlands UGFS, LLC Colorado Impact Engineering, Inc. Colorado urban-gro Engineering, Inc. Colorado urban-gro Architect Holdings, LLC Colorado 2WR of Colorado, Inc. Colorado 2WR of Georgia, Inc. Georgia MJ12 Design Studio, Inc. Colorado Emerald Construction Management, Inc. Colorado 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a123122-ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-233472 and 333-256658) of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of urban-gro, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and to all references to our firm included in this Annual Report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2023. 
 
 s BF Borgers CPA PC Lakewood, Colorado Dated March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a123122-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

E XHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bradley Nattrass, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of urban-gro, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 30, 2023 
 s Bradley Nattrass Bradley Nattrass Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a123122-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

E XHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Richard A. Akright, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of urban-gro, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 30, 2023 
 s Richard A. Akright Richard A. Akright Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a123122-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

E XHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this annual report of urban-gro Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2023 (the Report ), we, the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Rule 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 30, 2023 
 s Bradley Nattrass Bradley Nattrass Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Dated March 30, 2023 
 s Richard A. Akright Richard A. Akright Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ugro-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ugro-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ugro-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ugro-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ugro-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

