<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_40533_0000040533-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37727648</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270149</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>23375572</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6084934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3951604</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3737174</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000040533-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230207092844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000040533-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040533
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHIP & BOAT BUILDING & REPAIRING [3730]
		IRS NUMBER:				131673581
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03671
		FILM NUMBER:		23593042

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11011 SUNSET HILLS RD
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-876-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11011 SUNSET HILLS RD
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000040533-23-000014.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 gd-20221231.htm
 10-K

gd-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 [ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization I.R.S. Employer Identification No. Address of principal executive offices Zip code 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. _ _ No ___ 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ___ _ _ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. _ _ No ___ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). _ _ No ___ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 _ _ Accelerated filer ___ Non-accelerated filer ___ Smaller reporting company ___ Emerging growth company ___ 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ___ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes _ _ No ___ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ___ No _ _ 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of July 3, 2022 (based on the closing price of the shares on the New York Stock Exchange). 
 shares of the registrant s common stock, 1 par value per share, were outstanding on January 29, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

INDEX 
 PART I PAGE Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2. Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 Information About our Executive Officers 
 28 
 PART II Item 5. Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures A bout Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 99 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 99 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 101 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 101 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees a nd Services 
 102 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 106 
 Signatures 
 108 
 
 2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per-share amounts or unless otherwise noted) 
 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 General Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company that specializes in high-end design, engineering and manufacturing to deliver state-of-the-art solutions to our customers. We offer a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation; ship construction and repair; land combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; and technology products and services. Our leadership positions in attractive business aviation and defense markets enable us to deliver superior and enduring shareholder returns. 
 Our company consists of 10 business units, which are organized into four operating segments: Aerospace, Marine Systems, Combat Systems and Technologies. We refer to the latter three collectively as our defense segments. To optimize market focus, customer intimacy, agility and operating expertise, each business unit is responsible for the development and execution of its strategy and operating results. This structure allows for a lean corporate function, which sets the overall strategy and governance for the company and is responsible for allocating and deploying capital. 
 Our business units seek to deliver superior operating results by building industry-leading franchises. To achieve this goal, we invest in advanced technologies, pursue a culture of continuous improvement, and strive to be the low-cost, high-quality provider in each of our markets. The result is long-term value creation measured by strong earnings and cash flow and an attractive return on capital. 
 Over the past 10 years, we have invested in our business to create, renew or expand our portfolio of products and services across our businesses. This includes product development investments in Aerospace to bring to market an all-new lineup of business jet aircraft, capital investments in Marine Systems to support significant growth in U.S. Navy ship and submarine construction plans over the next two decades, development of next-generation platforms and technologies to meet customers emerging requirements in Combat Systems, and strategic acquisitions to achieve critical mass and build out a complete spectrum of solutions for our Technologies customers. As we emerge from this period of significant investment, we expect to realize an attractive return from these investments in each of our segments and continue to evaluate our capital deployment opportunities to deliver long-term growth and enduring value to our shareholders. 
 Following is additional information on each of our operating segments. For a supplemental discussion of segment performance and backlog, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7. 
 AEROSPACE 
 Our Aerospace segment is recognized as a leading producer of business jets and the standard bearer in new technology aircraft, aircraft repair, support and completion services. The segment consists of our Gulfstream and Jet Aviation business units. We have earned our reputation through: 
 superior aircraft design, quality, performance, safety and reliability; 
 technologically advanced flight deck and cabin systems; and 
 industry-leading customer support. 
 3 

We believe the key to long-term value creation in the business jet industry is steady investment in new aircraft models and technologies and in customer service capabilities. As a result, since we acquired Gulfstream more than 20 years ago, we have made significant investments in research and development (R D), state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, and maintenance and support through a combination of product development efforts, capital expansion and the acquisition of Jet Aviation s global support network. We are also the industry leader in the use of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) and energy efficient engines. 
 We are committed to continual investment in R D to create new aircraft that consistently broaden customer offerings while raising the bar for safety and performance. The result is the unprecedented development of an all-new lineup of the most technologically advanced business jet aircraft in the world. The Gulfstream family of aircraft offer industry-leading cabin, cockpit and safety technologies and the longest ranges at the fastest speeds in their respective classes. 
 The following represents Gulfstream s current product line, along with the maximum range, maximum speed, cabin length (excluding baggage), and total number of city-pair speed records held for each aircraft: 
 
 The most recent additions to the in-service Gulfstream fleet are two large-cabin aircraft, the G500 and G600, which entered service in 2018 and 2019, respectively. These clean-sheet (i.e., all-new) aircraft replace the G450 and G550 models, whose combined family has an installed base of more than 
 4 

1,650 aircraft around the world. Our investment included development of a new wing, new avionics, new fuselage and new ergonomically designed larger interiors, as well as systems and technologies to improve the manufacturing process and quality of the platform. As a result, the G500 and G600 are faster, more fuel efficient, and have greater cabin volume, reduced emissions, more range and improved flight controls compared with the aircraft they are replacing. These aircraft hold more than 90 city-pair speed records, and at year-end 2022, cumulative deliveries for the aircraft totaled over 200. 
 The next model to join the Gulfstream lineup is the ultra-long-range, ultra-large-cabin G700. It combines our most spacious cabin with our advanced Symmetry Flight Deck, the industry s most technologically advanced flight deck, which we launched on our G500 and G600 aircraft, and the superior high-speed performance of all-new engines to create best-in-class capabilities. Gulfstream is in the process of flight testing and seeking U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification of the G700, which currently has logged more than 3,200 test hours. We expect the G700 to enter service following certification from the FAA in the summer of 2023. 
 In 2021, we introduced two new aircraft, the ultra-long-range, ultra-large-cabin G800 and large-cabin G400, completing a nearly two-decade effort to develop an all-new family of Gulfstream aircraft. Both aircraft combine our industry-leading high-speed range and efficiency, safety enhancements, and our advanced Symmetry Flight Deck. The G800 is Gulfstream s longest-range aircraft, with an 8,000 nautical mile range at Mach 0.85, and it is expected to enter service approximately six months after the G700, pending FAA certification. The G400 is a clean-sheet design developed in concert with the G500 and G600, thus expanding the commonality across the Gulfstream family of aircraft. Expected to enter service in 2025, pending FAA certification, the G400 will join a market segment in which Gulfstream has not participated for several decades. 
 The ultra-long-range, ultra-large-cabin G650 and G650ER continue to generate significant customer interest, with more than 500 aircraft of this family currently operating in more than 50 countries. Since the first G650 entered service in December 2012, its capabilities and reliability have led to significant sales and expansion of our installed base around the globe. Gulfstream s current product line holds more than 325 city-pair speed records, more than any other business jet manufacturer, led by the G650ER, which holds the National Aeronautic Association s polar and westbound around-the-world speed records. 
 Our disciplined and consistent approach to new product development has allowed us to introduce repeatedly first-to-market capabilities that set industry standards for safety, performance, quality, speed and comfort. Product enhancement and development efforts include initiatives in advanced avionics, composites, flight-control and vision systems, acoustics, and cabin technologies. 
 Gulfstream designs, develops and manufactures aircraft in Savannah, Georgia, including all large-cabin models. The mid-cabin G280 is assembled by a non-U.S. partner. All models are outfitted in Gulfstream s U.S. facilities. As Gulfstream s aircraft portfolio and customer base have grown and become increasingly global in reach over the years, we have invested in our facilities and operations around the world. At our Savannah campus, we added new purpose-built manufacturing facilities, increased aircraft service capacity, opened a customer-support distribution center and expanded our R D capabilities. 
 We offer comprehensive support for the more than 3,000 Gulfstream aircraft in service around the world and operate an extensive network of factory-owned service centers. We continue to invest in these maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) facilities and inventory to accommodate fleet growth. We also operate a 24/7 year-round customer support center and offer on-call Gulfstream aircraft technicians 
 5 

ready to deploy around the world for customer service requirements under our Field and Airborne Support Team (FAST) rapid-response unit. 
 In addition to expanding the reach of Gulfstream s aircraft maintenance network outside the United States, Jet Aviation provides a comprehensive suite of innovative aircraft services for aircraft owners and operators around the world. With approximately 50 locations throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region, our offerings include maintenance, aircraft management, charter, staffing and fixed-base operator (FBO) services. 
 Jet Aviation manages approximately 300 business aircraft globally on behalf of individuals and corporate owners. We operate a leading global FBO network and support all aircraft types with a full range of maintenance services, including 24/7 global aircraft-on-ground support. We also operate one of the world s largest custom completion and refurbishment centers for both narrow- and wide-body aircraft and perform modifications, upgrades and lifecycle sustainment support for various government fleets. We continue to grow our global footprint through acquisitions, expansions and significant renovations in strategic business aviation markets most frequented by our customers. 
 The following map displays the broad reach of our combined Gulfstream and Jet Aviation services network, including authorized service centers: 
 
 The Aerospace segment places a priority on sustainability throughout its manufacturing and service operations, producing aircraft that maximize fuel efficiency while offering customers options to reduce or eliminate their carbon footprints. Gulfstream and Jet Aviation have been at the forefront of the industry by adopting and expanding the availability of SAF, which achieves as much as an 80 reduction in carbon dioxide emissions per gallon over its lifecycle compared to petroleum-based jet fuel. Gulfstream s service and test aircraft have flown more than 2 million nautical miles on SAF since 2016, and in 2019 Gulfstream became the first business jet manufacturer to make SAF available to customers. Gulfstream also offers operators the ability to achieve carbon-neutral travel by facilitating the purchase of carbon-offset credits. In addition to actively expanding the availability of SAF at its FBO locations, 
 6 

Jet Aviation allows customers to purchase SAF at locations where it is not available through a book-and-claim system. Since 2019, Jet Aviation has uploaded more than 10 million gallons of blended SAF to its customers. 
 Revenue for the Aerospace segment was 22 of our consolidated revenue in 2022 and 21 in 2021 and 2020. Revenue by major products and services was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Aircraft manufacturing 5,876 5,864 6,115 Aircraft services 2,691 2,271 1,960 Total Aerospace 8,567 8,135 8,075 
 MARINE SYSTEMS 
 Our Marine Systems segment is the leading designer and builder of nuclear-powered submarines and a leader in surface combatant and auxiliary ship design and construction for the U.S. Navy. We also provide maintenance, modernization and lifecycle support services for Navy ships and maintain the most sophisticated marine engineering expertise in the world to support future capabilities. Our ability to design, build and maintain our nation s most technologically sophisticated warships is a critical element of the U.S. defense industrial base. In addition to Navy ships, we design and build ocean-going Jones Act ships for commercial customers. Marine Systems consists of three business units Electric Boat, Bath Iron Works and NASSCO. 
 In support of our Navy customer s significant increase in demand for submarines and surface ships, we are making substantial investments to expand our facilities, grow and train our workforce, and expand our supply chain. The resulting increase in capacity and capabilities will support the unprecedented growth expected in our shipbuilding business, particularly submarines, over the next two decades. 
 Electric Boat is the prime contractor and lead shipyard on all Navy nuclear-powered submarine programs. The business is responsible for all aspects of design and engineering and leads the construction of both Virginia-class attack submarines and Columbia-class ballistic-missile submarines. 
 The Navy procures Virginia-class submarines in multi-boat blocks at a two-per-year rate. Along with an industry partner, we are currently working on Blocks IV and V in the program, with 17 Virginia-class submarines in our backlog scheduled for delivery through 2032. Nine of the boats in Block V include the Virginia Payload Module, an 84-foot Electric Boat-designed-and-built hull section that adds four additional payload tubes, more than tripling the strike capacity of these submarines and providing unique capabilities to support special missions. 
 The Columbia-class ballistic-missile submarine is a 12-boat program that the Navy considers its top acquisition priority. Accordingly, the program has received the highest possible rating from the government s Defense Priorities and Allocations System. These submarines will provide strategic deterrent capabilities for decades, with the first boat delivering in 2027 to begin replacement of the current Ohio-class ballistic-missile submarine fleet as it reaches the end of its service life. Construction is scheduled to continue for two decades, and the value of the Navy s program of record is in excess of 110 billion. The submarine s design was more than 80 complete at the time we began construction of the first boat in 2020, nearly twice as mature as any of the Navy s previous submarine programs at the start of construction. 
 7 

We are investing 1.8 billion of capital in expanded and modernized facilities at Electric Boat to support the growth in submarine construction and expect the investments to be substantially complete by the end of 2023. Equal to the commitment of capital is our commitment to developing our Electric Boat workforce. While the steepest portion of our personnel ramp is behind us, we still expect the Electric Boat workforce to grow another 25 by the end of the decade, particularly in support of Columbia-class production. Along with strong contributions from the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island, we continue to invest in the training and tools necessary for our employees to deliver these next-generation submarines to the Navy on time and on budget. We are also working with our network of approximately 3,000 suppliers mostly small businesses to support concurrent production of the two submarine programs. 
 Bath Iron Works builds the Arleigh Burke-class (DDG-51) guided-missile destroyers and manages modernization and lifecycle support for the class. We have a total of 10 ships in backlog scheduled for delivery through 2029. 
 NASSCO specializes in Navy auxiliary and support ships and is currently building the Expeditionary Sea Base (ESB), which serves as an afloat forward-staging base for U.S. Marines and special operations forces, and the John Lewis-class (T-AO-205) fleet replenishment oiler. Work on the three ESBs in backlog will continue into 2026, while the seven T-AO-205 ships currently in backlog have deliveries planned into 2027. NASSCO has also designed and built crude oil and product tankers and container and cargo ships for commercial customers, satisfying Jones Act requirements that ships carrying cargo between U.S. ports be built in U.S. shipyards. 
 8 

On December 31, 2022, backlog for our major ship construction programs and the scheduled final delivery date of ships currently in backlog were as follows: 
 
 In addition to design and construction activities, our Marine Systems segment provides comprehensive post-delivery services to modernize and extend the service life of these and other Navy ships. NASSCO conducts full-service maintenance and surface-ship repair operations in Navy fleet concentration areas in San Diego, California; Norfolk, Virginia; Mayport, Florida; and Bremerton, Washington. Electric Boat provides submarine maintenance and modernization services in a variety of U.S. locations, and Bath Iron Works provides lifecycle support services for Navy surface ships in both U.S. and overseas ports. In support of allied navies, we offer program management, planning, engineering and design support for submarine construction programs. 
 Revenue for the Marine Systems segment was 28 of our consolidated revenue in 2022, 27 in 2021 and 26 in 2020. Revenue by major products and services was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Nuclear-powered submarines 7,310 7,117 6,938 Surface ships 2,561 2,328 2,055 Repair and other services 1,169 1,081 986 Total Marine Systems 11,040 10,526 9,979 
 9 

COMBAT SYSTEMS 
 Our Combat Systems segment is a premier manufacturer and integrator of land combat solutions worldwide, including wheeled and tracked combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions. The segment consists of three business units Land Systems, European Land Systems (ELS), and Ordnance and Tactical Systems (OTS). 
 Combat Systems creates long-term value through operational excellence high-quality, on-schedule and on-budget performance combined with investments in innovative technologies that modernize existing platforms and develop next-generation capabilities to meet our customers rapidly evolving requirements. We maintain our market-leading position by focusing on innovation, affordability and speed to market to deliver increased survivability, performance and lethality on the battlefield. Our large installed base of wheeled and tracked vehicles around the world and expertise gained from research, engineering and production programs position us well for modernization programs, support and sustainment services, and future development programs. 
 Land Systems is the sole-source producer of two foundational products central to the U.S. Army s warfighting capabilities the M1A2 Abrams main battle tank and Stryker wheeled combat vehicle. Both of these platforms are core components of the multi-domain, joint war fight envisioned on the battlefield of the future. 
 We are maximizing the effectiveness and lethality of the Army s tank fleet with next-generation Abrams upgrades, providing technological advancements in communications, power generation, fuel efficiency, optics and armor. Even as we are delivering this modernized platform in the System Enhanced Package Version 3 (SEPv3) configuration, we are developing an Abrams SEPv4 configuration with third-generation forward-looking infrared sights (3GEN FLIR) and additional advanced capabilities that will allow this platform to adapt and incorporate transformative capabilities into the future. We are also upgrading Abrams tanks for several non-U.S. partners. 
 The Stryker is an eight-wheeled, medium-weight combat vehicle that combines lethality, mobility and survivability. Land Systems continues to develop upgrades and enhancements to this highly versatile and combat-proven platform to address the Army s evolving operational needs. We are currently fielding an enhanced Stryker platform that includes the double-V-hull for survivability, increased power, improved cross-country mobility and an advanced digital, in-vehicle network. We have completed fielding these vehicles for the first of nine Army brigades, as well as for the Army s Ranger Regiment. In addition, coordination continues with the Army for next-generation upgrades to the platform and new uses for the vehicle. Leveraging our rapid prototyping expertise and customer intimacy, we continue to expand the mission capabilities of this platform, including an air defense mission package (M-SHORAD), a state-of-the-art electronic warfare suite, a high-energy laser, a high-power microwave, and several command post options. 
 In 2022, we introduced new capabilities within each of these two foundational product lines in support of the Army s climate and electrification strategies, including incorporating next-generation electronic architecture technology, hybrid electric engines, integrated active protection systems, and the ability to employ air and ground robotic teaming. AbramsX is a next-generation main battle tank technology demonstrator that features significantly reduced weight for improved mobility and transportation and delivers the same tactical range as the M1A2 Abrams with 50 less fuel consumption. Like AbramsX, StrykerX offers next-generation capabilities such as silent movement, silent watch, exportable electric power and reduced fuel consumption via a hybrid diesel-electric power 
 10 

pack. Our focus on innovation and technological investments in these platforms positions us to continue to meet our customers evolving requirements. 
 In addition, during 2022 we were awarded a low-rate initial production (LRIP) contract for the Army s Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) vehicle the first ground combat vehicle to transition from prototype to production in 40 years. The MPF vehicle will enhance the relevance of Infantry Brigade Combat Teams in large-scale combat operations against near-peer threats. The highly lethal, survivable and mobile direct-fire combat vehicle melds recently developed and battle-tested designs to dominate ground threats on the multi-domain battlefield. 
 Combat Systems provides similar capabilities for U.S. allies through export opportunities and through our operations in several countries around the world, including Canada, the United Kingdom, Spain, Switzerland, Austria, Germany and Romania. As a result, we have a market-leading position in light armored vehicles (LAVs) with approximately 12,000 of the high-mobility, versatile Pandur, Piranha and other LAVs in service worldwide. 
 Land Systems is producing 399 new LAVs in eight variants, including ambulances, command posts, maintenance and recovery vehicles, and troop-carrying vehicles, for the Canadian Army, as well as upgrading its existing fleet. Land Systems is also producing the British Army s Ajax armored fighting vehicle, a next-generation, medium-weight tracked combat vehicle. With six variants, including a reconnaissance vehicle, an armored personnel carrier, and various support platforms, the Ajax family of vehicles offers advanced electronic architecture and proven technology for an unparalleled balance of survivability, lethality and mobility, along with high reliability for a vehicle in its weight class. 
 ELS is producing and upgrading Piranha vehicles, a premier 8x8 armored combat vehicle, around the world. We are currently providing Piranha 5 vehicles for several countries, including Denmark, Romania and Spain. Additionally, we provide mobile bridge systems with payloads ranging from 100 kilograms to 100 tons to customers worldwide. We offer the ASCOD, a highly versatile tracked combat vehicle with multiple versions, including the Spanish Pizarro and the Austrian Ulan. ELS also offers Duro and Eagle tactical vehicles in a range of options and weight classes and is currently producing these vehicles for Denmark, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Germany, while providing a full range of product support for the German armed forces. 
 We are expanding our platform capabilities through continued investment in robotic and autonomous vehicle technology. We have the Multi-Utility Tactical Transport (MUTT), a semi-autonomous robotic platform that can be equipped with an array of modular mission payloads for use alongside dismounted soldiers. This platform was selected as the Army s first robotic vehicle program of record and is officially designated as the Small Multipurpose Equipment Transport (SMET). Additionally, we have the Tracked Robot 10-ton (TRX) prototype, a medium-sized, semi-autonomous combat vehicle that enables critical battlefield roles, such as direct and indirect fire, autonomous resupply, reconnaissance and other battlefield missions. 
 11 

On December 31, 2022, the installed base for our major vehicle programs, as well as the quantity and scheduled final delivery date of vehicles and vehicle upgrades in backlog were as follows: 
 
 Complementing these military-vehicle offerings, OTS designs, develops and produces a comprehensive array of sophisticated weapon systems for ground forces, including the M2/M2-A1 heavy machine guns and MK19/MK47 grenade launchers. OTS also produces next-generation weapon systems for shipboard and aircraft applications, including high-speed Gatling guns for all U.S. fighter aircraft, including the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. 
 OTS s munitions portfolio covers the full breadth of naval, air and ground forces applications across all calibers and weapon platforms for the U.S. government and its non-U.S. partners. Globally, we maintain a market-leading position in the supply of Hydra-70 rockets, bomb bodies, large-caliber tank ammunition, medium-caliber ammunition, military propellants, mortar and artillery projectiles. OTS is also the systems integrator for the next generation of artillery solutions in support of the Army s Indirect Fire Modernization objectives. Additionally, OTS maintains a leading position providing missile subsystems in support of U.S. tactical and strategic missiles, provisioning both legacy and next-generation missiles with critical aerostructures, control actuators, high-performance warheads and cutting-edge hypersonic rocket cases. 
 12 

Revenue for the Combat Systems segment was 18 of our consolidated revenue in 2022 and 19 in 2021 and 2020. Revenue by major products and services was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Military vehicles 4,581 4,699 4,687 Weapons systems, armament and munitions 2,024 2,006 1,991 Engineering and other services 703 646 545 Total Combat Systems 7,308 7,351 7,223 
 TECHNOLOGIES 
 Our Technologies segment provides a full spectrum of services, technologies and products to an expanding market that increasingly seeks solutions combining leading-edge electronic hardware with specialized software. The segment is organized into two business units Information Technology (GDIT) and Mission Systems. Together they serve a wide range of military, intelligence, federal civilian and state customers with a diverse portfolio that includes: 
 information technology (IT) solutions and mission-support services; 
 mobile communication, computers, command-and-control and cyber (C5) mission systems; and 
 intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) solutions. 
 Over the past decade, the Department of Defense (DoD), the intelligence community and federal civilian agencies have increasingly prioritized technology solutions as a critical element of their missions, transforming technology resources from back-office support functions to a strategic priority for this customer community. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the cyber threat landscape and demand for advanced warfighter connectivity have accelerated these trends, adding urgency to required technology investments. The result is a significant increase in federal IT modernization and technology spending in recent years and a shift to large-scale, end-to-end, highly engineered solutions that require a broad array of integrated technology services and hardware offerings to meet these customer demands. 
 GDIT and Mission Systems share the same defense, intelligence and federal civilian customer base and increasingly go to market together to meet the ever-changing information-systems and mission-support needs of these customers. In addition, with the convergence of digital technologies, the two businesses benefit from significant complementary offerings and solution sets. The segment makes strategic investments in new and emerging technologies and combines an in-depth understanding of the evolving technology landscape with an intimate knowledge of our customers mission needs. The segment s highly skilled workforce is one of its key differentiators and comprises approximately 40,000 employees, including technologists, engineers, mission experts and cleared personnel dedicated to solving the toughest security and technology challenges facing the United States and its allies. 
 With a broad network of global partners, the segment develops solutions that keep its customers at the leading edge of technology in support of their missions. This includes operating a network of technology labs to prototype solutions and accelerate the development of advanced capabilities for customers environments. As technology continues to advance, we are at the forefront of new technological trends, including cloud computing, cybersecurity, zero trust, fifth generation (5G) technology, artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), data analytics, and high-performance computing. 
 GDIT modernizes large-scale IT enterprises and deploys the latest technologies to optimize and protect customer networks, data and information. Operating thousands of complex digital modernization 
 13 

programs across the federal government, GDIT s expansive portfolio includes cloud services, cybersecurity, network modernization, AI/ML, application development, high-performance computing, and 5G and next-generation wireless communications. 
 Mission Systems offers solutions across all domains and produces a unique combination of products and capabilities that are purpose-built for essential C5ISR applications. Our technologies and products are often built into platforms and integrated systems on which our customers rely. The business portfolio includes prime contract programs to provide innovative defense-electronics solutions as well as subcontract efforts that enhance the capabilities of large-scale land, air, sea and space platforms. 
 The Technologies segment leverages its scale, partnerships and deep knowledge of its customers missions and challenges to bring innovation to those customers across a portfolio of thousands of contracts. While no individual contract is material to the segment s results, the following highlights provide a sampling of the value of this business. 
 GDIT delivers a full spectrum of cloud solutions and services to modernize customers legacy IT infrastructures and systems. These cloud capabilities advance security and accelerate access to cutting-edge technologies such as high-performance computing and AI/ML. For the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), GDIT is providing hybrid cloud services, including commercial clouds and data centers, and innovative IT design, engineering, implementation and operations support services to the NGA and its mission partners. In the federal civilian market, GDIT is delivering a scalable, hybrid multi-cloud platform to modernize the United States Patent and Trademark Office s IT infrastructure and services. 
 We apply AI/ML to expand the human capacity to make better decisions and implement smarter actions as we automate, secure and enhance our customers operations. For the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), GDIT leverages managed services and AI/ML to accelerate veteran benefits claims processing, develops applications and software to improve the veteran user experience, and provides on-demand 24/7/365 IT support to more than 500,000 VA personnel nationwide. In the federal civilian sector, GDIT s high-performance supercomputers, ranked 49th and 50th fastest in the world by TOP500, run the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) operational models used to forecast the weather and model climate data. 
 To adapt to a constantly evolving threat landscape, GDIT embeds cyber solutions into every aspect of digital modernization. More than 3,000 cyber professionals support cyber projects across 30 agencies in the federal government. This work includes supporting the U.S. Army National Guard s Department of Defense Information Network s IT infrastructure, cybersecurity, application hosting and associated services. This enterprise network, one of the largest in the DoD, provides soldiers with access to the internet; allows them to connect securely with other databases and networks; and provides leaders with tools for training, mission planning and execution. 
 Mission Systems develops and manufactures high-assurance encryption products that are widely deployed to protect national security systems, data and networks against persistent threats. These Type 1 National Security Agency (NSA)-certified products and capabilities provide needed protection for classified voice, video and data in-transit or at-rest in all domains. Capabilities range from enterprise systems to embedded applications required for terrestrial, airborne or space environments. 
 We are working with our Army customer to adapt elements of advanced resilient radio frequency (RF) and 5G technologies to address battlefield realities such as jamming, spoofing, cyberattacks and 
 14 

lack of ground connectivity. We also provide similar capabilities to non-U.S. customers, including Canada and the United Kingdom. 
 Mission Systems continues to help advance our nation s dominance in the space domain. We designed and manufactured mission-critical communications and optical technologies for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration s (NASA) Artemis I and James Webb Space Telescope missions. Additionally, the U.S. Space Development Agency (SDA) selected Mission Systems to establish the ground operations and integration segment for Tranche 1 of the National Defense Space Architecture by building ground entry points and operations centers, as well as providing network operations and systems integration services for the SDA s next tranche of proliferated low-earth orbit satellites. 
 On the platform side, we have a more than 60-year legacy of providing advanced fire-control systems for the Navy s submarine programs. We are developing and integrating commercial off-the-shelf software and hardware upgrades to improve the tactical control capabilities for several submarine classes, including the Columbia and U.K. Dreadnought ballistic-missile submarines. 
 Mission Systems also continues to invest in autonomous capabilities, including through its Unmanned Undersea Vehicle (UUV) Manufacturing and Assembly Center of Excellence in Taunton, Massachusetts. The facility provides manufacturing, assembly, integration and testing capabilities for Mission Systems Knifefish and Bluefin Robotics UUVs, as well as the recently awarded Hammerhead program for the Navy. 
 Revenue for the Technologies segment was 32 of our consolidated revenue in 2022, 33 in 2021 and 34 in 2020. Revenue by major products and services was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 IT services 8,195 8,069 7,892 C5ISR solutions 4,297 4,388 4,756 Total Technologies 12,492 12,457 12,648 
 
 CUSTOMERS 
 In 2022, 70 of our consolidated revenue was from the U.S. government, 15 was from U.S. commercial customers, 9 was from non-U.S. government customers and the remaining 6 was from non-U.S. commercial customers. 
 U.S. GOVERNMENT 
 Our primary customer is the DoD. We also contract with other U.S. government customers, including the intelligence community and the Departments of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services. Our revenue from the U.S. government was as follows: 
 15 

Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 DoD 22,250 21,386 20,840 Non-DoD 4,808 4,862 4,726 Foreign military sales (FMS) 633 598 737 Total U.S. government 27,691 26,846 26,303 of total revenue 70 70 69 
 In addition to our direct non-U.S. sales, we sell to non-U.S. governments through the FMS program. Under the FMS program, we contract with and are paid by the U.S. government, and the U.S. government assumes the risk of collection from the non-U.S. government customer. 
 Our U.S. government revenue is derived from fixed-price, cost-reimbursement and time-and-materials contracts. Our production contracts are primarily fixed-price. Under these contracts, we agree to perform a specific scope of work for a fixed amount. Contracts for research, engineering, repair and maintenance, and other services are typically cost-reimbursement or time-and-materials. Under cost-reimbursement contracts, the customer reimburses contract costs incurred and pays a fixed, incentive or award-based fee. The amount for an incentive or award fee is determined by our ability to achieve targets set in the contract, such as cost, quality, schedule and performance. Under time-and-materials contracts, the customer pays a fixed hourly rate for direct labor and generally reimburses us for the cost of materials. 
 Of our U.S. government revenue, fixed-price contracts accounted for 56 in 2022, 57 in 2021 and 59 in 2020; cost-reimbursement contracts accounted for 38 in 2022, 36 in 2021 and 35 in 2020; and time-and-materials contracts accounted for 6 in 2022, 7 in 2021 and 6 in 2020. 
 For information on the advantages and disadvantages of each of these contract types, see Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 U.S. COMMERCIAL 
 Our U.S. commercial revenue was 5.7 billion in 2022, 4.8 billion in 2021 and 4.9 billion in 2020, which represented 15 , 12 and 13 of our consolidated revenue in each of the respective years. The majority of this revenue was for business jet aircraft and related services where our customer base consists of individuals and public and privately held companies across a wide range of industries. 
 NON-U.S. 
 Our revenue from non-U.S. government and commercial customers was 6 billion in 2022, 6.8 billion in 2021 and 6.7 billion in 2020, which represented 15 of our consolidated revenue in 2022 and 18 in 2021 and 2020. 
 We conduct business with customers around the world. Our non-U.S. defense subsidiaries maintain long-term relationships with their customers and have established themselves as principal regional suppliers and employers, providing a broad portfolio of products and services. 
 Our non-U.S. commercial revenue consists primarily of business jet aircraft exports and worldwide aircraft services. While the installed base of aircraft is concentrated in North America, orders from customers outside North America represent a significant portion of our aircraft business with approximately 40 of the Aerospace segment s aircraft backlog on December 31, 2022. 
 
 16 

COMPETITION 
 Several factors determine our ability to compete successfully in the defense and business aviation markets. While customers evaluation criteria vary, the principal competitive elements include: 
 the technical excellence, reliability, safety and cost competitiveness of our products and services; 
 our ability to innovate and develop new products and technologies that improve mission performance and adapt to dynamic threats; 
 successful program execution and on-time delivery of complex, integrated systems; 
 our global footprint and accessibility to customers; 
 the reputation and customer confidence derived from past performance; and 
 the successful management of customer relationships. 
 DEFENSE MARKET COMPETITION 
 The U.S. government contracts with numerous domestic and non-U.S. companies for products and services. We compete against other contractors as well as smaller companies that specialize in a particular technology or capability. Outside the United States, we compete with global defense contractors exports and the offerings of local, private and state-owned defense manufacturers. Our Marine Systems segment has one primary competitor with which it also partners on the Virginia-class submarine program, and to which it subcontracts on the Columbia-class submarine program. Our Combat Systems segment competes with a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. businesses. Our Technologies segment competes with many companies, from large government contracting and commercial technology companies to small niche competitors with specialized technologies or expertise. The operating cycle of many of our major programs can result in sustained periods of program continuity when we perform successfully. 
 We are involved in teaming and subcontracting relationships with some of our competitors. Competitions for major defense and other government contracting programs often require companies to form teams to bring together a spectrum of capabilities to meet the customer s requirements. Opportunities associated with these programs include roles as the program s integrator, overseeing and coordinating the efforts of all participants on a team, or as a provider of a specific component or subsystem. 
 BUSINESS JET AIRCRAFT MARKET COMPETITION 
 The Aerospace segment has several competitors for each of its Gulfstream products. Key competitive factors include aircraft safety, reliability and performance; comfort and in-flight productivity; service quality, global footprint and responsiveness; technological and new-product innovation; and price. We believe that Gulfstream competes effectively in all of these areas. 
 The Aerospace segment competes worldwide in the business jet aircraft services market primarily on the basis of quality, price and timeliness. While competition for each type of service varies somewhat, the segment faces a number of competitors of varying sizes for each of its offerings. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We develop technology, manufacturing processes and systems-integration practices. In addition to owning a large portfolio of proprietary intellectual property, we license some intellectual property rights to and from others. The U.S. government holds licenses to many of our patents developed in the 
 17 

performance of U.S. government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by these patents. Although these intellectual property rights are important to the operation of our business, no existing patent, license or other intellectual property right is of such importance that its loss or termination would have a material impact on our business. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 Our company is a global community of approximately 106,500 employees dedicated to our Ethos of transparency, trust, honesty and alignment. These four core values drive how we operate our business; govern how we interact with each other, our customers, partners and suppliers; guide the way that we treat our workforce; and determine how we connect with our communities. Our commitment to ethical business practices is outlined in our Standards of Business Ethics and Conduct , which states our expectation that all employees conduct business in accordance with our Ethos, applicable laws and our policies. Each employee is asked to acknowledge receipt, understanding of and compliance with our standards. 
 Due to the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and train skilled and qualified people to design and build the products and perform the services required by our customers. The health, welfare and safety of our employees is paramount throughout our workplaces. This effort starts with treating all employees with dignity and respect and providing them with fair, market-based, competitive and equitable compensation. We recognize and reward the performance of our employees in line with our pay-for-performance philosophy and provide a comprehensive suite of benefit options that aim to enable our employees and their dependents to live healthy and productive lives. 
 Across our businesses, we take measures to prevent workplace hazards, encourage safe behaviors and enforce a culture of continuous improvement to ensure our processes help reduce safety incidents and illnesses and comply with applicable health and safety laws. These efforts continue to be of the utmost importance as we address ongoing challenges, including those presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We recognize that our success as a company depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified people. Our commitment to promoting diversity of thought, experience, perspectives, backgrounds and capabilities to drive innovation strengthens the solutions we deliver to our customers. General Dynamics works hard to promote an environment that values and supports all employees. We proudly support a work environment that respects diverse opinions, values individual skills, celebrates unique experiences and cultivates teamwork. These efforts are a demonstration of our dedication to equal employment opportunities that foster and support a principled, productive and inclusive work environment. We stand for basic universal human rights, including that employment must be voluntary. We track, measure and analyze our workforce trends to establish accountability for putting people first across our businesses and at every level of our company. 
 Our values motivate us to promote strong workplace practices with opportunities for development and training. Our training and development efforts focus on ensuring that our people are appropriately trained on critical job skills as well as on leadership behaviors that are consistent with our Ethos. We conduct rigorous succession planning exercises to ensure that key positions have the appropriate level of bench strength to provide for future key positions and leadership transitions. We listen to our people to assess areas of concern and levels of engagement. 
 18 

2022 WORKFORCE STATISTICS 
 Approximately 84 of our employees are based in the United States, of which roughly 71 are white, 29 are people of color, 19 are veterans of the U.S. armed forces and 7 have self-reported having a disability. The remaining 16 of our workforce is based internationally in over 65 countries with the primary concentrations being in North America and Europe. 
 Our global workforce is 76 male and 24 female, and our senior leadership teams across the business are represented by 74 males and 26 females. During 2022, the diversity profile of our workforce continued to improve across our businesses, as we hired approximately 24,000 individuals of which 71 were male and 29 were female. For our approximately 19,800 U.S.-based hires in 2022, 60 were white and 40 were people of color. 
 
 RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIERS 
 We depend on suppliers and subcontractors for raw materials, components and subsystems. Our U.S. government customer is a supplier for some of our programs. These supply networks can experience price fluctuations and capacity constraints, which can put pressure on our costs. Effective management and oversight of suppliers and subcontractors is an important element of our successful performance. If our sources of supply are disrupted, particularly in instances where we rely on only one or two sources of supply, or in the event that international conflicts result in the disruption of manufacturing or trade relations for some supply components, our ability to meet our customer commitments could be adversely impacted. We attempt to mitigate risks with our suppliers by entering into long-term agreements and leveraging company-wide agreements to achieve economies of scale and by negotiating flexible pricing terms in our customer contracts. 
 
 REGULATORY MATTERS 
 U.S. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS 
 U.S. government contracts are subject to procurement laws and regulations. The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and the Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) govern the majority of our contracts. The FAR mandates uniform policies and procedures for U.S. government acquisitions and purchased services. Also, individual agencies can have acquisition regulations that provide implementing language for the FAR or that supplement the FAR. For example, the DoD implements the FAR through the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS). For all federal government entities, the FAR regulates the phases of any product or service acquisition, including: 
 acquisition planning; 
 competition requirements; 
 contractor qualifications; 
 protection of source selection and supplier information; and 
 acquisition procedures. 
 In addition, the FAR addresses the allowability of our costs, while the CAS addresses the allocation of those costs to contracts. The FAR and CAS subject us to audits and other government reviews covering issues such as cost, performance, internal controls and accounting practices relating to our contracts. 
 19 

NON-U.S. REGULATORY 
 Our non-U.S. operations are subject to the applicable government regulations and procurement policies and practices, as well as U.S. policies and regulations. We are also subject to regulations governing investments, exchange controls, repatriation of earnings and import-export control. 
 BUSINESS JET AIRCRAFT 
 The Aerospace segment is subject to FAA regulation in the United States and other similar aviation regulatory authorities internationally, including the Civil Aviation Administration of Israel (CAAI), the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC). For an aircraft to be manufactured and sold, the model must receive a type certificate from the appropriate aviation authority, and each aircraft must receive a certificate of airworthiness. Aircraft outfitting and completions also require approval by the appropriate aviation authority, which is often accomplished through a supplemental type certificate. Aviation authorities can require changes to a specific aircraft or model type before granting approval. Maintenance facilities and charter operations must be licensed by aviation authorities as well. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations cover the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal, investigation and remediation of materials, substances and wastes identified in the laws and regulations. We are directly or indirectly involved in environmental investigations or remediation at some of our current and former facilities and at third-party sites that we do not own but where we have been designated a potentially responsible party (PRP) by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency or a state environmental agency. As a PRP, we are potentially liable to the government or third parties for the cost of remediating contamination. In cases where we have been designated a PRP, we generally seek to mitigate these environmental liabilities through available insurance coverage and by pursuing appropriate cost-recovery actions. In the unlikely event that we are required to fully fund the remediation of a site, the current statutory framework would allow us to pursue contributions from other PRPs. We regularly assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters. 
 Operating and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of contaminated sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. Historically, these costs have not been material. In addition, we could be affected by future laws or regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change, the timing and effect of which are difficult to assess. 
 Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs or facilities and could increase environmental compliance expenditures, including increased energy and raw materials costs. Environmental costs are often recoverable under our contracts with the U.S. government. Based on information currently available and current U.S. government policies relating to cost recovery, we do not expect continued compliance with environmental regulations, including costs associated with changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. For additional information relating to the impact of environmental matters, see Note M to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 
 20 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These reports and information include an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements. Free copies of these items are made available on our website (www.gd.com) as soon as practicable. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information. 
 In addition to the information contained in this Form 10-K, information about the company can be found on our website and our Investor Relations website (investorrelations.gd.com). Our Investor Relations website contains a significant amount of information about the company, including financial information, our corporate governance principles and practices, and other information for investors. We encourage investors to visit our website, as we frequently update and post new information about our company, and it is possible that this information could be deemed material information. 
 References to our website and the SEC s website in this Form 10-K do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. The information should not be considered a part of this Form 10-K, unless otherwise expressly incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. Investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our securities. 
 Investment risks can be market-wide as well as unique to a specific industry or company. The market risks faced by an investor in our securities are similar to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. There are some risks that apply more specifically to our business. 
 Our revenue is concentrated with the U.S. government. This customer relationship involves some specific risks. In addition, our sales to non-U.S. customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. Despite the varying nature of our government and commercial operations and the markets they serve, each segment shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 The U.S. government provides a significant portion of our revenue. In 2022, 70 of our consolidated revenue was from the U.S. government. Levels of U.S. defense spending may be impacted by numerous factors, such as the domestic political environment, changes in national and international priorities, and threats to national security. Competing demands for federal funds can pressure various areas of spending. Decreases in U.S. government defense and other spending or changes in spending allocation or priorities could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated, which could impact our financial performance. 
 For additional information relating to U.S. budget matters, see the Business Environment section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7. 
 21 

U.S. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception, and any funding is subject to disruption or delay. Our U.S. government revenue is funded by agency budgets that operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. Early each calendar year, the President of the United States presents to the Congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. This budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the executive branch. For the remainder of the year, the Appropriations and Authorization Committees of the Congress review the President s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies. 
 There are two primary risks associated with the U.S. government budget cycle. First, the annual process may be delayed or disrupted. If the annual budget is not approved by the beginning of the government fiscal year, portions of the U.S. government can shut down or operate under a continuing resolution that maintains spending at prior-year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. Second, the Congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. Future revenue under existing multi-year contracts is conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. Changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. Delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content. 
 Government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer. U.S. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. If a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs incurred and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. If a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. Many foreign contracts have similar termination rights by customers. The termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings. 
 Government contractors operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to audit by the U.S. government. Numerous U.S. government agencies routinely audit and review government contractors. These agencies review a contractor s performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S. government also reviews the adequacy of, and compliance with, internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s purchasing, property, estimating, material, earned value management and accounting systems. In some cases, audits may result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation were to result in allegations against a contractor of improper or illegal activities, civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions could result, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. In addition, reputational harm could result if allegations of impropriety were made. In some cases, audits may result in disputes with the respective government agency that can result in negotiated settlements, arbitration or litigation. Moreover, new laws, regulations or standards, or changes to existing ones, can increase our performance and compliance costs and reduce our revenue and earnings. 
 Our Aerospace segment is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. The business jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by corporate, individual and government customers in the United States and around the world. The Aerospace segment s results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability 
 22 

and cost of credit, pricing pressures and trends in capital goods markets. In addition, if customers default on existing contracts and the contracts are not replaced, the segment s anticipated revenue and profitability could be reduced materially. 
 Earnings and margin depend on our ability to perform on our contracts. When agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions and events. The accounting for our contracts requires assumptions and estimates about these conditions and events. These projections and estimates assess, among other things: 
 the productivity and availability of labor; 
 the complexity of the work to be performed; 
 the cost and availability of materials and components; and 
 schedule requirements. 
 If there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances, estimates or assumptions, or if the risks under our contracts are not managed adequately, the profitability of contracts could be adversely affected. This could affect earnings and margin materially. 
 Revenue, earnings and margin depend in part on supplier performance. We rely on other companies and our government customers to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Suppliers, including subcontractors, sometimes perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. We depend on these suppliers and government entities to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. Misconduct by suppliers, such as a failure to comply with procurement regulations or engaging in unauthorized activities, may harm our future revenue, earnings and margin. 
 We sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply, and any disruption in our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. For example, some of our operating segments rely on the supply of semiconductors for the manufacture of our products, and any inability of or delay by our suppliers to meet our order demands (including due to the suppliers competing commercial priorities, any military conflict resulting in a disruption of manufacturing or trade relations, or any other business disruption) could delay or disrupt our ability to procure semiconductors. Our ability to perform our obligations to our customers, and our future revenue, earnings and margin, may be materially adversely affected if (1) any one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities or (2) we are unable to otherwise obtain necessary materials, components, subsystems or services in a timely and cost-effective manner. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Our customers requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. Many of our new products must meet extensive and time-consuming regulatory requirements that are often outside our control and may result in unanticipated delays. Additionally, due to the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers and to develop and manufacture our products. To the extent that the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. If we were unable 
 23 

to develop new products that meet customers changing needs and satisfy regulatory requirements in a timely manner or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Our International Operations 
 Operations outside the United States are subject to various risks that may be associated with doing business in foreign countries. In some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political instability, and procurement procedures may be less robust or mature, which may complicate the contracting process. Our non-U.S. operations may be sensitive to and impacted by (1) changes in a foreign government s national policies and priorities, political leadership and budgets, which may be influenced by changes in threat environments, geopolitical uncertainties, volatility in economic conditions and other economic and political factors including inflationary pressures; (2) changes in U.S., foreign, and international laws, regulations, and policies; (3) energy, natural resource and other commodity shortages; and (4) global trade disputes and supply chain disruptions. For example, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in the imposition of numerous economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other restrictions targeting Russia and Belarus, and the Russian government has implemented counter-sanctions and export controls targeting the U.S. and various foreign countries in which we operate. These actions have caused some economic disruptions around the world and have exacerbated global supply chain challenges. Changes and developments in any of these matters or factors may occur suddenly and could impact funding for programs or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. 
 Non-U.S. transactions can involve increased risks arising from foreign exchange rate variability, which could, among other things, negatively impact sales and the translation of our international revenue from local currencies into U.S. dollars, and differing legal systems. Our non-U.S. operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, technology transfers, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other anti-corruption laws, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). An unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors or a failure to comply with U.S. or foreign laws could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, and could materially adversely affect revenue and earnings. 
 In addition, some non-U.S. government customers require contractors to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and other similar financial arrangements. We may also be required to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, that require us to satisfy investment or other commitments or face penalties. Offset requirements may extend over several years and could require us to team with local companies to fulfill these commitments. If we do not satisfy these financial or offset requirements, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Our Acquisitions and Similar Investment Activities 
 We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. When evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved; the performance of the underlying products, capabilities, or technologies; market conditions following the acquisition; and acquired 
 24 

liabilities, including some that may not have been identified prior to the acquisition. These factors could materially adversely affect our financial results. 
 Changes in business conditions may cause goodwill and other intangible assets to become impaired. Goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized and remains on our balance sheet indefinitely unless there is an impairment or a sale of a portion of the business. We review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50 . Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. We face some uncertainty in our business environment due to a variety of challenges, including the risk factors discussed in this section. We may experience unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. Future write-offs of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of an impairment in the business could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Other Business and Operational Risks 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage IT systems and products for various customers. We generally face the same security threats for these systems and products as for our own internal systems. In addition, we face cyber threats from entities and persons that may seek to target us through our customers, suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business. Many of these cybersecurity threats are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. Accordingly, we maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and we review and update our policies, procedures and practices in light of evolving threats. We conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats, and we report cybersecurity events or losses of customer data to affected customers and applicable regulatory authorities. However, there can be no assurance that any such actions, including the timeliness of our efforts to review, update or implement policies, procedures and practices in light of evolving threats, or the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers and other parties on which we rely, will be sufficient to detect, prevent and mitigate cybersecurity breaches or disruptions, or the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data. 
 We have experienced cybersecurity events and disruptions such as viruses and attacks targeting our IT systems. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could have a materially adverse impact on our company by, among other things, causing harm to our business, results of operations or reputation; disrupting our operations; exposing us to potential liability, regulatory actions and loss of business; and challenging our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers. Due to the evolving nature of these security threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events. 
 Our business may continue to be negatively impacted by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and could be negatively impacted by other pandemics and outbreaks. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on our business, results of operations 
 25 

and financial condition. This includes disruptions or restrictions on our employees ability to work effectively, temporary closures of our facilities and the facilities of our customers, and supply-chain disruptions. Any such effects could materially adversely affect our ability to perform on our contracts. In addition, the U.S. government s federal contractor vaccine mandate, if enforced, could adversely affect our ability, and our subcontractors ability, to hire and retain highly skilled employees to work on U.S. government programs. Any cost increases that result from these effects may not be fully recoverable on our contracts or adequately covered by insurance. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries, which could result in a prolonged economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products and services. The imposition of quarantine and travel restrictions has negatively affected and, if reimposed, may continue to negatively affect portions of our business. The extent to which COVID-19 continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments. Such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus, including the emergence of new variants, the severity of the disease, vaccination rates and the actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. Other outbreaks of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate or our customers are located, could similarly adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in the future. 
 Global climate change could negatively affect our business. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in state, federal or international requirements to reduce or mitigate global warming, such as the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms, stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions, or other business restrictions or compliance requirements regarding reducing or mitigating global climate change. If environmental or climate-change laws or regulations are adopted or changed that directly or indirectly impose significant new costs, operational restrictions or compliance requirements on our business, products, customers or suppliers, they could increase our costs, require additional capital expenditures, reduce our margins and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Further, while we continuously evaluate the evolving landscape of environmental-related legislation and seek opportunities for continuous improvement of our existing climate-related measures, as well as new ways to minimize our impact on the planet, there can be no assurance that changes in customer demand patterns and competition driven by climate change, as well as potential climate-related reputational risks will not adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Words such as expects, anticipates, plans, believes, forecasts, scheduled, outlook, estimates, should and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples include projections of revenue, earnings, operating margin, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog. In making these statements, we rely on assumptions and analyses based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. We believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable based on information available to us at the time. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
 26 

Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including the risk factors discussed in this Form 10-K. 
 All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to General Dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report. These factors may be revised or supplemented in future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We operate in a number of offices, manufacturing plants, laboratories, warehouses and other facilities in the United States and abroad. We believe our facilities are adequate for our present needs and, given planned improvements and construction, expect them to remain adequate for the foreseeable future. 
 On December 31, 2022, our segments had material operations at the following locations: 
 Aerospace Mesa, Arizona; Van Nuys, California; West Palm Beach, Florida; Brunswick and Savannah, Georgia; Cahokia, Illinois; Westfield, Massachusetts; Teterboro, New Jersey; New York, New York; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas; Dulles, Virginia; Appleton, Wisconsin; Sydney, Australia; Beijing, China; Mexicali, Mexico; Singapore; Basel, Switzerland; Farnborough, United Kingdom. 
 Marine Systems San Diego, California; Groton and New London, Connecticut; Jacksonville, Florida; Honolulu, Hawaii; Bath and Brunswick, Maine; Middletown and North Kingstown, Rhode Island; Norfolk and Portsmouth, Virginia; Bremerton, Washington; Mexicali, Mexico. 
 Combat Systems Anniston, Alabama; East Camden, Arkansas; Healdsburg, California; Crawfordsville, St. Petersburg and Tallahassee, Florida; Marion, Illinois; Saco, Maine; Sterling Heights, Michigan; Lima, Ohio; Eynon, Scranton and Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania; Garland, Texas; Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington; Vienna, Austria; Le Gardeur, London and Valleyfield, Canada; Kaiserslautern, Germany; Madrid, Sevilla and Trubia, Spain; Kreuzlingen and T gerwilen, Switzerland; Merthyr Tydfil, United Kingdom. 
 Technologies Daleville, Alabama; Scottsdale, Arizona; Orlando, Florida; Bossier City, Louisiana; Annapolis Junction, Maryland; Dedham, Pittsfield and Taunton, Massachusetts; Bloomington, Minnesota; Rensselaer, New York; Greensboro, North Carolina; Chesapeake and Marion, Virginia; multiple locations in Northern Virginia; Ottawa, Canada; Oakdale and St. Leonards, United Kingdom. 
 27 

A summary of floor space by segment on December 31, 2022, follows: 
 (Square feet in millions) Company-owned Facilities Leased Facilities Government-owned Facilities Total Aerospace 5.9 9.4 0.5 15.8 Marine Systems 8.7 4.5 13.2 Combat Systems 6.5 4.7 4.9 16.1 Technologies 3.1 7.9 0.9 11.9 Total square feet 24.2 26.5 6.3 57.0 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information relating to legal proceedings, see Note M to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 All of our executive officers are appointed annually. None of our executive officers were selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the officer and any other person. Set forth below is information regarding our executive officers as of February 7, 2023 (references are to positions with General Dynamics Corporation, unless otherwise noted): 
 Name, Position and Office Age Jason W. Aiken Executive Vice President, Technologies and Chief Financial Officer since January 2023; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, January 2014 - December 2022; Vice President of the company and Chief Financial Officer of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, September 2011 - December 2013; Vice President and Controller, April 2010 - August 2011; Staff Vice President, Accounting, July 2006 - March 2010 50 Christopher J. Brady Vice President of the company and President of General Dynamics Mission Systems since January 2019; Vice President, Engineering of General Dynamics Mission Systems, January 2015 - December 2018; Vice President, Engineering of General Dynamics C4 Systems, May 2013 - December 2014; Vice President, Assured Communications Systems of General Dynamics C4 Systems, August 2004 - May 2013 60 Mark L. Burns Vice President of the company and President of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation since July 2015; Vice President of the company since February 2014; President, Product Support of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, June 2008 - June 2015 
 63 Danny Deep Vice President of the company and President of General Dynamics Land Systems since April 2020; Chief Operating Officer of General Dynamics Land Systems, September 2018 - April 2020; Vice President of General Dynamics Land Systems Canada, January 2011 - September 2018 
 53 
 28 

Gregory S. Gallopoulos Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since January 2010; Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, July 2008 - January 2010; Managing Partner of Jenner Block LLP, January 2005 - June 2008 63 M. Amy Gilliland Senior Vice President of the company since April 2015; President of General Dynamics Information Technology since September 2017; Deputy for Operations of General Dynamics Information Technology, April 2017 - September 2017; Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration, April 2015 - March 2017; Vice President, Human Resources, February 2014 - March 2015; Staff Vice President, Strategic Planning, January 2013 - February 2014; Staff Vice President, Investor Relations, June 2008 - January 2013 48 Kevin M. Graney Vice President of the company and President of Electric Boat Corporation since October 2019; Vice President of the company and President of NASSCO, January 2017 - October 2019; Vice President and General Manager of NASSCO, November 2013 - January 2017 59 Kimberly A. Kuryea Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration since April 2017; Vice President and Controller, September 2011 - March 2017; Chief Financial Officer of General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems, November 2007 - August 2011; Staff Vice President, Internal Audit, March 2004 - October 2007 55 William A. Moss Vice President and Controller since April 2017; Staff Vice President, Internal Audit, May 2015 - March 2017; Staff Vice President, Accounting, August 2010 - May 2015 59 Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since January 2013; President and Chief Operating Officer, May 2012 - December 2012; Executive Vice President, Marine Systems, May 2010 - May 2012; Senior Vice President, Planning and Development, July 2005 - May 2010; Vice President, Strategic Planning, October 2002 - July 2005 65 Mark C. Roualet Executive Vice President, Combat Systems, since March 2013; Vice President of the company and President of General Dynamics Land Systems, October 2008 - March 2013; Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of General Dynamics Land Systems, July 2007 - October 2008 64 Robert E. Smith Executive Vice President, Marine Systems, since July 2019; Vice President of the company and President of Jet Aviation, January 2014 - July 2019; Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jet Aviation, July 2012 - January 2014 55 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol GD. 
 On January 29, 2023, there were approximately 9,000 holders of record of our common stock. 
 For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Note R to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. 
 We did not make any unregistered sales of equity securities in 2022. 
 29 

The following table provides information about our fourth-quarter purchases of equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
 Period Total Number of Shares Average Price per Share Shares Purchased Pursuant to Share Buyback Program 10/3/22-10/30/22 7,150,564 10/31/22-11/27/22 441,286 249.14 441,286 6,709,278 11/28/22-12/31/22 6,709,278 Shares Delivered or Withheld Pursuant to Restricted Stock Vesting 10/3/22-10/30/22 776 213.77 10/31/22-11/27/22 498 249.13 11/28/22-12/31/22 728 253.72 443,288 249.09 
 Represents shares withheld by, or delivered to, us pursuant to provisions in agreements with recipients of restricted stock granted under our equity compensation plans that allow us to withhold, or the recipient to deliver to us, the number of shares with a fair value equal to the statutory tax withholding due upon vesting of the restricted shares. 
 On December 31, 2022, 6.7 million shares remained authorized by our board of directors for repurchase. For additional information relating to our purchases of common stock during the past three years, see Note N to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 30 

The following performance graph compares the cumulative total return to shareholders on our common stock, assuming reinvestment of dividends, with similar returns for the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the Standard Poor s Aerospace Defense Index, both of which include General Dynamics. 
 Cumulative Total Return 
 Based on Investments of 100 Beginning December 31, 2017 
 (Assumes Reinvestment of Dividends) 
 (in per-share amounts) 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per-share amounts or unless otherwise noted) 
 For an overview of our operating segments, including a discussion of our major products and services, see the Business discussion contained in Item 1. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2022 compared with 2021 should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, while a discussion of 2021 compared with 2020 can be found in Item 7 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
 GLOBAL EVENTS 
 The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has caused significant disruptions to national and global economies and government activities since March 2020. During this time, we have continued to conduct our operations while responding to the pandemic with actions to mitigate adverse consequences to our employees, business, supply chain and customers. 
 In February 2022, Russian forces invaded Ukraine. In response, the United States and several other countries imposed economic and trade sanctions, export controls and other restrictions (collectively, global sanctions) targeting Russia and Belarus. The conflict and these sanctions have caused some disruptions to global economies and some global businesses, including heightened cybersecurity risks, increased energy costs and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, as well as exacerbated existing supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures. 
 In our Aerospace segment, we continue to see strong order activity as we emerge from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, this segment is the most impacted relatively by the global sanctions, particularly our aircraft services business in Europe, which we have offset to date through additional services revenue in other regions. Across the aerospace industry, the global sanctions impact sales to certain individuals and entities and exports of associated aircraft parts and related services. 
 Within our defense segments, the COVID-19 pandemic created some staffing and supply chain challenges, particularly in our Marine Systems (especially in the submarine supply chain) and Technologies segments. The Russia-Ukraine conflict could continue to impact future U.S. government defense spending due to the heightened national security threat and the need to replenish stockpiles that have been reduced in support of Ukraine. Internationally, many countries in the region have expressed a renewed commitment to defense-related spending. As a result, we have seen signals of additional demand for our products and services. 
 Any longer-term impact of these global events to our business is currently unknown due to the uncertainty around duration and their broader impact. For additional information, see the Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. The Review of Operating Segments includes information on these global events for the affected segments. 
 
 OUR MARKETS 
 With approximately 70 of our revenue from the U.S. government, government spending levels particularly defense spending influence our financial performance. On December 29, 2022, the fiscal 
 32 

year (FY) 2023 defense appropriations bill was signed into law. It totaled approximately 798 billion, representing an increase of approximately 10 over the enacted FY 2022 spending level. 
 The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military s funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution. 
 International demand for military equipment and technologies presents opportunities for our non-U.S. operations and exports from our North American businesses. While the revenue potential can be significant, there are risks to doing business in foreign countries, including changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country. 
 In our Aerospace segment, we expect our investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the segment s long-term growth. Similarly, we believe the aircraft services business will be a source of steady revenue growth as the global business jet fleet continues to grow. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 INTRODUCTION 
 The following paragraphs explain how we recognize revenue and operating costs in our operating segments and the terminology we use to describe our operating results. 
 In the Aerospace segment, we record revenue on contracts for new aircraft when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft. Revenue associated with the segment s services businesses is recognized as work progresses or upon delivery of services. Fluctuations in revenue from period to period result from the number and mix of new aircraft deliveries, and the level and type of aircraft services performed during the period. 
 The majority of the Aerospace segment s operating costs relates to new aircraft production on firm orders and consists of labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs. The costs are accumulated in production lots, recorded in inventory and recognized as operating costs at aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. While changes in the estimated average unit cost for a production lot impact the level of operating costs, the amount of operating costs reported in a given period is based largely on the number and type of aircraft delivered. Operating costs in the Aerospace segment s services businesses are recognized generally as incurred. 
 For new aircraft, operating earnings and margin are a function of the prices of our aircraft, our operational efficiency in manufacturing and outfitting the aircraft, and the mix of ultra-large-cabin, large-cabin and mid-cabin aircraft deliveries. Aircraft mix can also refer to the stage of program maturity for our aircraft models. A new aircraft model typically has lower margins in its initial production lots, and then margins generally increase as we realize efficiencies in the production process. Additional factors affecting the segment s earnings and margin include the volume, mix and profitability of services work performed, the market for pre-owned aircraft, and the level of general and administrative (G A) and net research and development (R D) costs incurred by the segment. 
 In the defense segments, revenue on long-term government contracts is recognized generally over time as the work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at 
 33 

completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, G A expenses. Variances in costs recognized from period to period reflect primarily increases and decreases in production or activity levels on individual contracts. Because costs are used as a measure of progress, year-over-year variances in costs result in corresponding variances in revenue, which we generally refer to as volume. 
 Operating earnings and margin in the defense segments are driven by changes in volume, performance or contract mix. Performance refers to changes in profitability based on adjustments to estimates at completion on individual contracts. These adjustments result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete the contract or both. Therefore, changes in costs incurred in the period compared with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. It is only when total estimated costs at completion on a given contract change without a corresponding change in the contract value (or vice versa) that the profitability of that contract may be impacted. Contract mix refers to changes in the volume of higher- versus lower-margin work. Higher or lower margins can result from a number of factors, including contract type (e.g., fixed-price/cost-reimbursable) and type of work (e.g., development/production). Contract mix can also refer to the stage of program maturity for our long-term production contracts. New long-term production contracts typically have lower margins initially, and then margins generally increase as we achieve learning curve improvements or realize other cost reductions. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED OVERVIEW 
 2022 IN REVIEW 
 Strong operating performance: 
 Record-high revenue of 39.4 billion, an increase of 2.4 from 2021 
 Operating earnings of 4.2 billion with sequential growth throughout the year 
 Record-high diluted earnings per share of 12.19, up 5.5 from 2021 
 Record-high cash provided by operating activities of 4.6 billion, or 135 of net earnings 
 Record-high backlog of 91.1 billion increased 3.5 billion, or 4 , from 2021, driven by significant order activity during the year supporting our long-term growth expectations: 
 Outstanding Gulfstream aircraft order activity, including orders across all aircraft models 
 Several significant contract awards received in our defense segments, including 5.4 billion of combined awards from the U.S. Navy for advance procurement and other work for the Columbia-class submarine program 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Variance Revenue 39,407 38,469 938 2.4 Operating costs and expenses (35,196) (34,306) (890) 2.6 Operating earnings 4,211 4,163 48 1.2 Operating margin 10.7 10.8 
 Our consolidated revenue increased in 2022 from growth in U.S. Navy ship construction in our Marine Systems segment and aircraft services activity in our Aerospace segment. Operating earnings increased 
 34 

in 2022 due primarily to strong operating performance in our Aerospace segment, while we managed through the impacts of supply chain challenges and inflationary pressure across the business. 

REVIEW OF OPERATING SEGMENTS 
 Following is a discussion of operating results and outlook for each of our operating segments. For the Aerospace segment, results are analyzed by specific types of products and services, consistent with how the segment is managed. For the defense segments, the discussion is based on markets and the lines of products and services offered with a supplemental discussion of specific contracts and programs when significant to the results. Additional information regarding our segments can be found in Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 AEROSPACE 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Variance Revenue 8,567 8,135 432 5.3 Operating earnings 1,130 1,031 99 9.6 Operating margin 13.2 12.7 Gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units) 120 119 1 0.8 
 Operating Results 
 The increase in the Aerospace segment s revenue in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 Aircraft services 420 Aircraft manufacturing 12 Total increase 432 
 Revenue was up in our Aerospace segment driven by an increase in demand for aircraft services, particularly maintenance work, and increased activity at our fixed-base operator (FBO) facilities due to growing global air travel. 
 The increase in the segment s operating earnings in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 Aircraft manufacturing 123 Aircraft services 89 G A/other expenses (113) Total increase 99 
 Aircraft manufacturing operating earnings were up in 2022 due to a favorable mix of aircraft deliveries and ongoing improvements in manufacturing efficiency. Earnings in 2022 were somewhat impacted by customer accommodations associated with a G500/G600 airworthiness directive while 2021 earnings included mark-to-market adjustments related to aircraft that were in the G500 test program. In 2022, operating earnings from aircraft services were up due to higher volume and favorable cost performance. These increases were offset partially by higher G A/other expenses due primarily to increased R D expenses associated with ongoing product development efforts. In total, the Aerospace segment s operating margin increased 50 basis points in 2022 to 13.2 . 
 35 

2023 Outlook 
 We expect the Aerospace segment s 2023 revenue to increase to approximately 10.4 billion due to an increase in new aircraft deliveries to 145. We expect the segment s operating margin to be approximately 14.6 . This outlook assumes the certification and entry into service of the new G700 aircraft. 
 MARINE SYSTEMS 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Variance Revenue 11,040 10,526 514 4.9 Operating earnings 897 874 23 2.6 Operating margin 8.1 8.3 
 Operating Results 
 The increase in the Marine Systems segment s revenue in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 U.S. Navy ship construction 577 U.S. Navy ship engineering, repair and other services (63) Total increase 514 
 Revenue from U.S. Navy ship construction was up across our shipyards in 2022 due to increased volume on the Columbia-class submarine program, the John Lewis-class (T-AO-205) fleet replenishment oiler program and the Arleigh Burke-class (DDG-51) destroyer program. These increases were offset partially by lower submarine engineering volume. Overall, the Marine Systems segment s operating margin decreased 20 basis points in 2022 due to program mix and supply chain impacts to the Virginia-class submarine schedule, offset partially by improved performance at NASSCO. 
 2023 Outlook 
 We expect the Marine Systems segment s 2023 revenue to remain steady at approximately 10.9 billion. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 8.1 driven by program mix across our shipyards and ongoing supply chain challenges. 
 COMBAT SYSTEMS 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Variance Revenue 7,308 7,351 (43) (0.6) Operating earnings 1,075 1,067 8 0.7 Operating margin 14.7 14.5 
 36 

Operating Results 
 The change in the Combat Systems segment s revenue in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 International military vehicles (318) U.S. military vehicles 282 Weapons systems and munitions (7) Total decrease (43) 
 Revenue from international military vehicles was down in 2022, but this decrease was offset largely by increased revenue from U.S. Stryker wheeled combat vehicles, particularly the maneuver short-range air defense (M-SHORAD) variant. 
 The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro and British pound has negatively impacted the Combat Systems segment s results in 2022, specifically the translation of our international revenue from local currencies into U.S. dollars. Had foreign exchange rates in 2022 held constant from 2021, the Combat Systems segment s revenue would have increased 2.1 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 The Combat Systems segment s operating margin increased 20 basis points compared with 2021 driven by favorable contract mix and strong operating performance. 
 2023 Outlook 
 We expect the Combat Systems segment s 2023 revenue to be approximately 7.3 billion with operating margin of approximately 14.7 . 
 TECHNOLOGIES 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Variance Revenue 12,492 12,457 35 0.3 Operating earnings 1,227 1,275 (48) (3.8) Operating margin 9.8 10.2 
 Operating Results 
 The increase in the Technologies segment s revenue in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 IT services 126 C5ISR solutions (91) Total increase 35 
 Command, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance 
 The group s revenue was up despite continued delays in customer order activity as revenue from IT services increased on several programs, particularly with the group s federal civilian customers. This increase was offset partially by decreased revenue from C5ISR solutions due to supply chain disruptions. The Technologies segment s operating margin decreased 40 basis points compared with 2021 due primarily to the mix of service activity and product volume. 
 37 

2023 Outlook 
 We expect the Technologies segment s 2023 revenue to be between 12.5 and 12.6 billion with operating margin of around 9.5 driven by a shift in the mix of IT service activity and hardware volume. 
 CORPORATE 
 Corporate operating costs totaled 118 in 2022 and 84 in 2021 and consisted primarily of equity-based compensation expense. The increase was due primarily to accelerated recognition of equity-based compensation expense. Corporate operating costs are expected to be approximately 140 in 2023. 

OTHER INFORMATION 
 PRODUCT AND SERVICE REVENUE AND OPERATING COSTS 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Variance Revenue: Products 23,022 22,428 594 2.6 Services 16,385 16,041 344 2.1 Operating Costs: Products (18,981) (18,524) (457) 2.5 Services (13,804) (13,537) (267) 2.0 
 The increase in product revenue in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 Ship construction 577 Other, net 17 Total increase 594 
 Ship construction revenue increased due to higher volume on the Columbia-class submarine, T-AO-205 oiler and DDG-51 destroyer programs. In 2022, the primary driver of the increase in product operating costs was the change in volume described above. 
 The increase in service revenue in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 Aircraft services 420 Other, net (76) Total increase 344 
 Aircraft services revenue increased due to additional maintenance work and FBO activity. In 2022, the primary driver of the increase in service operating costs was the change in volume described above. 
 G A EXPENSES 
 As a percentage of revenue, G A expenses were 6.1 in 2022 and 5.8 in 2021, reflecting an increase in equity-based compensation expense. We expect G A expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2023 to be generally consistent with 2022. 
 38 

OTHER, NET 
 Net other income was 189 in 2022 and 134 in 2021 and represents primarily the non-service components of pension and other post-retirement benefits. In 2023, we expect net other income to decrease to approximately 80 due to lower pension income. The decrease in pension income is driven primarily by higher interest rates and a change in investment mix in one of our plans due to its improved funded status. 
 INTEREST, NET 
 Net interest expense was 364 in 2022 and 424 in 2021, reflecting repayment of our scheduled debt maturities in 2021. See Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including interest rates. We expect 2023 net interest expense to be consistent with 2022. 
 PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX, NET 
 Our effective tax rate was 16 in 2022 and 15.9 in 2021. For further discussion, including a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the statutory federal rate, see Note D to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. For 2023, we anticipate a slightly higher full-year effective tax rate of approximately 17 due to higher taxes on foreign earnings. 
 In August 2022, the president signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which contained provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15 corporate minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

BACKLOG AND ESTIMATED POTENTIAL CONTRACT VALUE 
 Our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was 91.1 billion on December 31, 2022, up 4 from 87.6 billion at the end of 2021. Our total backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations under contracts with customers as discussed in Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Our total estimated contract value, which combines total backlog with estimated potential contract value, was 127.7 billion on December 31, 2022. 
 39 

The following table details the backlog and estimated potential contract value of each segment at the end of 2022 and 2021: 
 Funded Unfunded Total Backlog Estimated Potential Contract Value Total Estimated Contract Value December 31, 2022 Aerospace 19,077 439 19,516 685 20,201 Marine Systems 26,246 19,453 45,699 3,672 49,371 Combat Systems 12,726 525 13,251 5,364 18,615 Technologies 9,100 3,571 12,671 26,889 39,560 Total 67,149 23,988 91,137 36,610 127,747 December 31, 2021 Aerospace 15,878 415 16,293 1,657 17,950 Marine Systems 23,678 21,177 44,855 4,271 49,126 Combat Systems 12,584 509 13,093 6,936 20,029 Technologies 9,005 4,348 13,353 26,997 40,350 Total 61,145 26,449 87,594 39,861 127,455 
 For additional information about our major products and services in backlog see the Business discussion contained in Item 1. 
 
 AEROSPACE 
 Aerospace funded backlog represents primarily new aircraft orders for which we have definitive purchase contracts and deposits from customers. Unfunded backlog consists of agreements to provide future aircraft maintenance and support services. The Aerospace segment ended 2022 with backlog of 19.5 billion, up 19.8 from 16.3 billion at year-end 2021. 
 Orders in 2022 reflected strong demand across our product and services portfolio, including orders for all models of Gulfstream aircraft. The segment s book-to-bill ratio (orders divided by revenue) was 1.5-to-1 in 2022. 
 Beyond total backlog, estimated potential contract value represents primarily options and other agreements with existing customers to purchase new aircraft and long-term aircraft services agreements. On December 31, 2022, estimated potential contract value in the Aerospace segment was 685. 
 Demand for Gulfstream aircraft remains strong across customer types and geographic regions, generating orders from public and privately held companies, individuals, and governments around the world. Geographically, U.S. customers represented 70 of the segment s orders in 2022 and 59 of the segment s backlog on December 31, 2022, demonstrating continued strong domestic demand. 
 40 

The following represents Gulfstream aircraft (in units) in backlog by region on December 31, 2022: 

DEFENSE SEGMENTS 
 The total backlog in our defense segments represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. The funded portion of total backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by the U.S. Congress and funded by customers, as well as commitments by international customers that are approved and funded similarly by their governments. The unfunded portion of total backlog includes the amounts we believe are likely to be funded, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the same funding level currently anticipated for a given program. 
 Estimated potential contract value in our defense segments includes unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts and unfunded work on indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts. Contract options represent agreements to perform additional work under existing contracts at the election of the customer. We recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. For IDIQ contracts, we evaluate the amount of funding we expect to receive and include this amount in our estimated potential contract value. This amount is often less than the total IDIQ contract value, particularly when the contract has multiple awardees. The actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value. 
 Total backlog in our defense segments was 71.6 billion on December 31, 2022, compared with 71.3 billion at year-end 2021. In 2022, the total book-to-bill ratio in our defense segments was 1-to-1. Estimated potential contract value in our defense segments was 35.9 billion on December 31, 2022, compared with 38.2 billion at year-end 2021. 
 41 

MARINE SYSTEMS 
 The Marine Systems segment s backlog consists of very long-term submarine and surface ship construction programs, as well as numerous engineering and repair contracts. The segment s book-to-bill ratio was 1.1-to-1 in 2022, resulting in backlog growth of 1.9 from year-end 2021 to 45.7 billion. The segment s estimated potential contract value was 3.7 billion on December 31, 2022, compared with 4.3 billion at year-end 2021. 
 Significant contract awards in the Marine Systems segment during 2022 include: 
 5.4 billion from the Navy for the Columbia-class submarine program for advance procurement and advance construction of critical components and material to support follow-on submarines, efforts to support continuous missile tube production, enhancements to develop the submarine industrial base, and sustained class maintenance and support. The awards also include options totaling 585 of additional potential contract value. 
 2 billion from the Navy for long-lead materials and construction of an additional Expeditionary Sea Base (ESB) auxiliary support ship and two additional T-AO-205 oilers. The awards also include a 715 option for an additional T-AO-205 oiler. 
 1.2 billion from the Navy to provide maintenance, modernization and repair services for the DDG-51 destroyer, Wasp-class amphibious assault ship and Los Angeles-class submarine programs. 
 580 from the Navy for lead yard services, development studies and design efforts for Virginia-class submarines. The awards also include options totaling 320 of additional potential contract value. 
 235 from the Navy to provide engineering, technical, design and planning yard support services for operational strategic and attack submarines. 
 170 from the Navy for advanced nuclear plant studies (ANPS) in support of the Columbia-class submarine program. 
 145 from the Navy to provide ongoing planning and lead yard services for the DDG-51 destroyer program. 
 42 

The following represents the Marine Systems segment s total estimated contract value by major program on December 31, 2022: 
 
 COMBAT SYSTEMS 
 The Combat Systems segment s backlog consists of a mix of U.S. and international combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions programs. The vehicle programs are generally long-term franchise programs, while the weapons systems and munitions programs tend to be shorter-term in nature. The segment s backlog was up from year-end 2021 to 13.3 billion. The segment s estimated potential contract value was 5.4 billion on December 31, 2022, compared with 6.9 billion at year-end 2021. 
 Significant contract awards in the Combat Systems segment during 2022 include: 
 1 billion for various munitions and ordnance with additional option value of 465. 
 410 from the U.S. Army to begin low-rate initial production (LRIP) of the Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) vehicle. The contract has a maximum potential value of 1.1 billion. 
 A contract worth up to 1.1 billion to produce Abrams main battle tanks in the system enhancement package version 3 (SEPv3) configuration for Poland. 
 770 from the Army for Abrams main battle tank upgrades, engineering and logistics support services, and system and sustainment technical support services. 
 760 from the Army for Stryker vehicle upgrades, spare parts, and inventory management and support services. 
 440 from the Army to produce Stryker M-SHORAD vehicles. 
 355 to produce Abrams main battle tanks in the SEPv3 configuration for Australia. 
 320 to upgrade Ulan tracked vehicles for Austria. 
 43 

230 to produce Piranha armored combat vehicles for Switzerland. 
 60 to produce M3 amphibious bridge systems for an international customer. The contract has a maximum potential value of 210. 
 The following represents the Combat Systems segment s total estimated contract value by market on December 31, 2022: 
 
 TECHNOLOGIES 
 The Technologies segment s backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers. These contracts can be shorter-cycle or span multiple years, but commonly include a small, initially funded order. Therefore, our estimated potential contract value of 26.9 billion is an important indicator of future orders and revenue. In 2022, approximately 75 of the segment s orders were from additional work on IDIQ contracts or the exercise of options. The segment s total estimated contract value remained steady compared with year-end 2021. 
 Significant contract awards in the Technologies segment during 2022 include: 
 An IDIQ contract from the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) to provide hybrid cloud services and IT design, engineering, and operations and sustainment services. The contract has a maximum potential value of 4.5 billion over 10 years. 
 1.6 billion for several key classified contracts. 
 An IDIQ contract to provide IT infrastructure and modernization support services for the U.S. Air Forces in Europe under the Europe-Wide Information Technology and Enterprise Network (EITEN) program. The contract has a maximum potential value of 910. 
 80 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for managed application, information, networking, enterprise and security services. The contract has a maximum potential value of 660. 
 44 

An IDIQ contract from the Army to develop and field adversarial electronic warfare threat systems and capabilities in support of the Army s test and training communities. The contract has a maximum potential value of 580. 
 375 from the Army for computing and communications equipment under the Common Hardware Systems-5 (CHS-5) program. 
 160 from the U.S. Space Development Agency to build and operate ground systems for the new low-earth orbit (LEO) satellite network. The contract has a maximum potential value of 325. 
 An IDIQ contract for the development and sustainment of applications and websites for the Administrative Office of the United States Courts (AOUSC). The contract has a maximum potential value of 300. 
 The following represents the Technologies segment s total estimated contract value by customer on December 31, 2022: 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation, which is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management. This emphasis gives us the flexibility for prudent capital deployment, while allowing us to step down debt over time, and preserves a strong balance sheet for future opportunities. 
 We evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, and we believe agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, a predictable dividend, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases. 
 45 

We believe cash generated by operating activities, supplemented by commercial paper issuances, is sufficient to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs. An additional potential source of capital is the issuance of long-term debt in capital market transactions. 
 We ended 2022 with a cash and equivalents balance of 1.2 billion compared with 1.6 billion at the end of 2021. The following is a discussion of our major operating, investing and financing activities in 2022 and 2021, as classified on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in Item 8: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,579 4,271 Net cash used by investing activities (1,489) (882) Net cash used by financing activities (3,471) (4,590) 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 4.6 billion in 2022 compared with 4.3 billion in 2021 . The primary driver of cash inflows in both years was net earnings. Cash flows in both years were affected positively by an increase in customer deposits driven by Gulfstream aircraft orders. While cash flows in 2021 were affected positively by a reduction in inventory from the sale of G500 flight-test aircraft in our Aerospace segment, cash flows in 2022 were affected negatively by growth in inventory related to new aircraft models awaiting certification from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). 
 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Cash used by investing activities was 1.5 billion in 2022 and 882 in 2021. Our investing activities include cash paid for capital expenditures and business acquisitions; purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities; and proceeds from asset sales. 
 Capital Expenditures. The primary use of cash for investing activities in both years was capital expenditures. Capital expenditures were 1.1 billion in 2022 and 887 in 2021. Capital expenditures have been at an elevated level the past two years as we continue to invest in our shipyards, particularly for the planned growth in submarine construction. Other capital expenditures include equipment and facility enhancements to support new and existing programs across our businesses. We expect capital expenditures to be just below 2.5 of revenue in 2023. 
 Business Acquisitions. In 2022, we acquired a provider of mission-critical embedded computing solutions for U.S. Navy platforms in our Technologies segment. 
 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Cash used by financing activities was 3.5 billion in 2022 and 4.6 billion in 2021. Financing activities include the use of cash for repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends, and debt and commercial paper repayments. Our financing activities also include proceeds received from debt and commercial paper issuances and employee stock option exercises. 
 Dividends. On March 2, 2022, our board of directors declared an increased quarterly dividend of 1.26 per share, the 25th consecutive annual increase. Previously, the board had increased the quarterly 
 46 

dividend to 1.19 per share in March 2021. Cash dividends paid were 1.4 billion in 2022 and 1.3 billion in 2021. 
 Share Repurchases. Our board of directors from time to time authorizes management to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock on the open market. We paid 1.2 billion and 1.8 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively, to repurchase our outstanding shares. On December 31, 2022, 6.7 million shares remained authorized by our board of directors for repurchase, representing 2.4 of our total shares outstanding. 
 Debt Issuances and Repayments. In November 2022, we repaid fixed-rate notes of 1 billion at the scheduled maturity using cash on hand. Fixed-rate notes of 750 and 500 mature in May 2023 and August 2023, respectively. We currently plan to repay these notes at maturity using cash on hand, potentially supplemented by commercial paper or other borrowings. For additional information regarding our debt obligations, including scheduled debt maturities and interest rates, see Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 On December 31, 2022, we had no commercial paper outstanding, but we maintain the ability to access the commercial paper market in the future. Separately, we have a 4 billion committed bank credit facility for general corporate purposes and working capital needs and to support our commercial paper issuances. We also have an effective shelf registration on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that allows us to access the debt markets. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We emphasize the efficient conversion of net earnings into cash and the deployment of that cash to maximize shareholder returns. As described below, we use free cash flow and return on invested capital (ROIC) to measure our performance in these areas. While we believe these metrics provide useful information, they are not defined operating measures under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and there are limitations associated with their use. Our calculation of these metrics may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. As a result, the use of these metrics should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, GAAP measures. 
 Free Cash Flow. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. We believe free cash flow is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as repaying debt, funding business acquisitions, repurchasing our common stock and paying dividends. We use free cash flow to assess the quality of our earnings and as a key performance measure in evaluating management. The following table reconciles the free cash flow with net cash provided by operating activities, as classified on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in Item 8: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,579 4,271 3,858 Capital expenditures (1,114) (887) (967) Free cash flow 3,465 3,384 2,891 Cash flows as a percentage of net earnings: Net cash provided by operating activities 135 131 122 Free cash flow 102 104 91 
 47 

Return on Invested Capital. We believe ROIC is a useful measure for investors because it reflects our ability to generate returns from the capital we have deployed in our operations. We use ROIC to evaluate investment decisions and as a performance measure in evaluating management. We define ROIC as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. Net operating profit after taxes is defined as net earnings plus after-tax interest and amortization expense, calculated using the statutory federal income tax rate. Average invested capital is defined as the sum of the average debt and average shareholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss. Average debt and average shareholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss are calculated using the respective balances at the end of the preceding year and the respective balances at the end of each of the four quarters of the year presented. ROIC excludes goodwill impairments and non-economic accounting changes as they are not reflective of company performance. 
 ROIC is calculated as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings 3,390 3,257 3,167 After-tax interest expense 309 340 386 After-tax amortization expense 235 254 280 Net operating profit after taxes 3,934 3,851 3,833 Average invested capital 31,260 32,270 32,431 Return on invested capital 12.6 11.9 11.8 
 
 CASH REQUIREMENTS 
 The following is a discussion of how we expect to meet the future cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations. 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. We similarly enter into long-term agreements with suppliers and subcontractors for goods and services in support of these contracts and programs with payment terms that are generally aligned with the payment terms from our customers. In some instances, we require advance payments or deposits from our customers, which help fund our purchase commitments and reduce the risk of customer performance. 
 Additionally, we have significant liabilities under our defined benefit retirement plans. As these liabilities are settled using plan assets, our future cash requirements associated with these liabilities are generally limited to the annual cash contributions to these plans required in accordance with Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regulations. See Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information. 
 Other obligations, such as scheduled principal and interest payments on our fixed-rate notes, and scheduled payments in accordance with our lease agreements are expected to be satisfied using cash generated from operations. See Notes J and K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information. 
 
 48 

ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on the Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We employ judgment in making our estimates, but they are based on historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe our judgment is applied consistently and produces financial information that fairly depicts our results of operations for all periods presented. 
 In our opinion, the following policies are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application: 
 Revenue. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account for revenue. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation within that contract and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time. 
 Substantially all of our revenue in the defense segments is recognized over time because control is transferred continuously to our customers. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, G A expenses. 
 Most of our revenue recognized at a point in time is for the manufacture of business jet aircraft in our Aerospace segment. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft. 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. Accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. For long-term contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. 
 Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. 
 The nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims, award fees and incentive fees. We include in our contract estimates additional revenue for contract modifications or claims against the customer when we believe we have an enforceable right to the modification or claim, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. In evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs 
 49 

incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. We include award fees or incentive fees in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. These estimates are based on historical award experience, anticipated performance and our best judgment at the time. 
 As a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates regularly. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. Under this method, the impact of the adjustment on profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. The aggregate impact of adjustments in contract estimates increased our operating earnings (and diluted earnings per share) by 370 1.05) in 2022 and 377 1.06) in 2021. While no adjustment on any one contract was material to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 2022 or 2021, our Marine Systems segment s 2022 results were affected negatively by supply chain impacts to the Virginia-class submarine schedule, offset partially by improved performance on auxiliary and support ships. 
 Consistent with industry practice, we classify assets and liabilities related to long-term contracts as current, even though some of these amounts may not be realized within one year. The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (contract assets), and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 
 Long-lived Assets and Goodwill. We review long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the carrying value of assets held for use based on a review of undiscounted projected cash flows. Impairment losses, where identified, are measured as the excess of the carrying value of the long-lived assets over the estimated fair value as determined by discounted cash flows. 
 Goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. We review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50 . Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. Our reporting units are consistent with our operating segments in Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. We use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. When determining the approach to be used, we consider the current facts and circumstances of each reporting unit as well as the excess of each reporting unit s estimated fair value over its carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessments. Our qualitative approach evaluates the business environment and various events impacting the reporting unit including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment and reporting unit-specific events. If, based on the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is not necessary. However, if a quantitative assessment is determined to be necessary, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value and, if necessary, recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. 
 50 

Our estimate of fair value is based primarily on the discounted cash flows of the underlying operations and requires the use of judgment by management. The process requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business, the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows, and terminal-value growth rates applied to the final year of projected cash flows. Due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. To assess the reasonableness of our discounted cash flows, we compare the sum of our reporting units fair value to our market capitalization. Additionally, we evaluate the reasonableness of each reporting unit s fair value by comparing the fair value to peer companies and recent relevant market transactions. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed qualitative assessments for our Aerospace, Marine Systems and Combat Systems reporting units as the estimated fair values of each of the reporting units significantly exceeded the respective carrying values based on our most recent quantitative assessments, which were performed in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our qualitative assessments did not present indicators of impairment for the reporting units. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed a quantitative assessment for our Technologies reporting unit, and the results indicated that no impairment existed. The Technologies reporting unit s estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 25 . The fair value of the Technologies reporting unit decreased since our previous quantitative assessment, performed in the fourth quarter of 2020, driven by the negative impact of increased interest rates on our discounted projected cash flows. As a result, a material decrease in the fair value or increase in carrying value would put the reporting unit at risk of goodwill impairment. For example, a 50-basis-point increase in interest rates would lower our discounted projected cash flows and negatively impact the fair value of the Technologies reporting unit, reducing the cushion to approximately 15 . We believe the projections and assumptions we used in estimating fair value are reasonable, but it is possible actual experience could differ. 
 Commitments and Contingencies. We are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings arising either from the normal course of business or under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. Estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires the use of judgment. We record a charge against earnings when a liability associated with claims or pending or threatened litigation is probable and when our exposure is reasonably estimable. The ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known. 
 Retirement Plans. Our pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates, which are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. For a discussion of our assumptions and any changes to these assumptions, as well as the impact of these changes, which is reported as an actuarial gain or loss in the reconciliation of the change in the benefit obligation, see Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The key assumption is the interest rates used to discount estimated future pension benefits. We base the discount rates on a current yield curve developed from a portfolio of high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities consistent with the projected benefit payout period. The effect of a 25-basis-point increase or decrease in the discount rate assumption on the December 31, 2022, pension benefit obligation is 319) and 334, respectively. 
 As described in Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, our contractual arrangements with the U.S. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. We have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs until such costs can be 
 51 

allocated to contracts. Therefore, the impact of annual changes in financial reporting assumptions on the retirement benefit cost for these plans does not immediately affect our operating results. 
 
 GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 The outstanding notes described in Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, issued by General Dynamics Corporation (the parent), are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, joint and several basis by several of the parent s 100 -owned subsidiaries (the guarantors). The guarantee of each guarantor ranks equally in right of payment with all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of such guarantor. A listing of the guarantors is included in an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 
 Because the parent is a holding company, its cash flow and ability to service its debt, including the outstanding notes, depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to distribute cash to the parent, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. Holders of the outstanding notes have a direct claim only against the parent and the guarantors. 
 Under the relevant indenture, the guarantee of each guarantor is limited to the maximum amount that can be guaranteed without rendering the guarantee voidable under applicable laws relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. Each indenture also provides that, in the event (1) of a merger, consolidation or sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor (other than a transaction with the parent or any of its subsidiaries) or (2) there occurs a transfer, sale or other disposition of the voting stock of a guarantor so that the guarantor is no longer a subsidiary of the parent, then the guarantor or the entity acquiring the assets (in the event of the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor) will be released and relieved of any obligations under the guarantee. 
 The following summarized financial information presents the parent and guarantors (collectively, the combined obligor group) on a combined basis. The summarized financial information of the combined obligor group excludes net investment in and earnings of subsidiaries related to interests held by the combined obligor group in subsidiaries that are not guarantors of the notes. 
 STATEMENT OF EARNINGS INFORMATION 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 Revenue 14,246 Operating costs and expenses, excluding G A (12,310) Net earnings 840 
 52 

BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and equivalents 540 925 Other current assets 4,279 3,149 Noncurrent assets 4,164 3,597 Total assets 8,983 7,671 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 1,250 999 Other current liabilities 3,392 3,190 Long-term debt 9,189 10,424 Other noncurrent liabilities 3,814 3,844 Total liabilities 17,645 18,457 
 The summarized balance sheet information presented above includes the funded status of the company s primary qualified U.S. government pension plans as the parent has the ultimate obligation for the plans. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk, primarily from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and investments. 
 Foreign Currency Risk. Our exchange-rate sensitivity relates primarily to changes in the Canadian dollar, euro and Swiss franc exchange rates. We had notional forward exchange contracts outstanding of 6.9 billion and 6.8 billion on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A 10 unfavorable rate movement in our portfolio of forward exchange contracts would have resulted in the following hypothetical, incremental pretax losses: 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Recognized (133) (1) Unrecognized (90) (196) 
 These losses would be offset by corresponding gains in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. We believe these foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments, when taken together, do not create material market risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk. On December 31, 2022, we had 10.5 billion principal amount of fixed-rate debt. Our fixed-rate debt obligations are not putable, and we do not trade these securities in the market. A 10 unfavorable interest rate movement would not have a material impact on the fair value of our fixed-rate debt. 
 Commodity Price and Investment Risk. See Note Q to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a discussion of commodity price and investment risk. 
 53 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS 
 Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in millions, except per-share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Products Services Operating costs and expenses: Products ) ) ) Services ) ) ) General and administrative (G A) ) ) ) ) ) ) Operating earnings Other, net Interest, net ) ) ) Earnings before income tax Provision for income tax, net ) ) ) Net earnings Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

54 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Changes in unrealized cash flow hedges ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Changes in retirement plans funded status ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, pretax ) (Provision) benefit for income tax, net ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 55 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 December 31 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and equivalents Accounts receivable Unbilled receivables Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Noncurrent assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Customer advances and deposits Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Long-term debt Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note M) Total noncurrent liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock Surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

56 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities continuing operations: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangible and finance lease right-of-use assets Equity-based compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in assets, net of effects of business acquisitions: Accounts receivable Unbilled receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) Increase (decrease) in liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions: Accounts payable ) Customer advances and deposits ) Income taxes payable ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) ) Repayment of fixed-rate notes ) ) ) Proceeds from commercial paper, gross (maturities greater than 3 months) Repayment of commercial paper, gross (maturities greater than 3 months) ) ) Proceeds from fixed-rate notes Repayment of floating-rate notes ) ) Proceeds from (repayment of) credit facility, net ) Other, net ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by discontinued operations ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and equivalents ) ) Cash and equivalents at beginning of year Cash and equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 57 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Retained Treasury Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Shareholders (Dollars in millions) Par Surplus Earnings Stock Loss Equity December 31, 2019 ) ) Net earnings Cash dividends declared ) ) Equity-based awards Shares purchased ) ) Other comprehensive income Other ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Net earnings Cash dividends declared ) ) Equity-based awards Shares purchased ) ) Other comprehensive income December 31, 2021 ) ) Net earnings Cash dividends declared ) ) Equity-based awards Shares purchased ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Other ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

58 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per-share amounts or unless otherwise noted) 

A. 
 
 in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. R D expenses have trended upward driven by activities primarily associated with ongoing new aircraft development efforts. R D expenses are included in operating costs and expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the period in which they are incurred. Customer-sponsored R D expenses are charged directly to the related contracts. 
 The Aerospace segment has cost-sharing arrangements with some of its suppliers that enhance the segment s internal development capabilities and offset a portion of the financial cost associated with the segment s product development efforts. These arrangements explicitly state that supplier contributions are for reimbursement of costs we incur in the development of new aircraft models and technologies, and we retain substantial rights in the products developed under these arrangements. We record amounts received from these cost-sharing arrangements as a reduction of R D expenses. We have no obligation to refund any amounts received under the agreements regardless of the outcome of the development efforts. Under the typical terms of an agreement, payments received from suppliers for their share of the costs are based on milestones and are recognized as received. Our policy is to defer payments in excess of the costs we have incurred. 
 59 

Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 See Note K for information regarding our debt obligations, including interest rates. 
 We had trading or held-to-maturity debt securities on December 31, 2022 or 2021. See Note P for additional information regarding our investments in debt and equity securities. 
 Acquisitions. In the last three years, we acquired businesses in our Aerospace segment, businesses in our Combat Systems segment and a business in our Technologies segment. The operating results of these acquisitions have been included in our reported results since their respective closing dates. The purchase prices of the acquisitions have been allocated to the estimated fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, with any excess purchase price recorded as goodwill. 
 60 

B. 
 of our revenue in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Substantially all of our revenue in the defense segments is recognized over time because control is transferred continuously to our customers. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, G A expenses. 
 Revenue from goods and services transferred to customers at a point in time accounted for of our revenue in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Most of our revenue recognized at a point in time is for the manufacture of business jet aircraft in our Aerospace segment. Revenue on these contracts is 
 61 

billion of remaining performance obligations, which we also refer to as total backlog. We expect to recognize approximately of our remaining performance obligations as revenue in 2023, an additional by the end of 2025 and the balance thereafter. 
 Contract Estimates. The majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. Accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. For long-term contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. 
 Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. 
 The nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims, award fees and incentive fees. We include in our contract estimates additional revenue for contract modifications or claims against the customer when we believe we have an enforceable right to the modification or claim, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. In evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. We include award fees or incentive fees in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. These estimates are based on historical award experience, anticipated performance and our best judgment at the time. 
 As a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates regularly. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. Under this method, the impact of the adjustment on profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. If at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on the contract, we recognize the total loss in the period it is identified. 
 
 Operating earnings Diluted earnings per share 
 While no adjustment on any one contract was material to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 2022, 2021 or 2020, our Marine Systems segment s 2022 results were affected negatively by supply chain impacts to the Virginia-class submarine schedule, offset partially by improved performance on auxiliary and support ships. 
 62 

active contracts. The following series of tables presents our revenue disaggregated by several categories. 
 Aircraft services Total Aerospace Nuclear-powered submarines Surface ships Repair and other services Total Marine Systems Military vehicles Weapons systems, armament and munitions Engineering and other services Total Combat Systems Information technology (IT) services C5ISR solutions Total Technologies Total revenue 
 Command, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance 
 Cost-reimbursement Time-and-materials Total revenue Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fixed-price Cost-reimbursement Time-and-materials Total revenue Year Ended December 31, 2020 Fixed-price Cost-reimbursement Time-and-materials Total revenue 
 
 63 

Non-DoD Foreign military sales (FMS) Total U.S. government U.S. commercial Non-U.S. government Non-U.S. commercial Total revenue Year Ended December 31, 2021 U.S. government: DoD Non-DoD FMS Total U.S. government U.S. commercial Non-U.S. government Non-U.S. commercial Total revenue Year Ended December 31, 2020 U.S. government: DoD Non-DoD FMS Total U.S. government U.S. commercial Non-U.S. government Non-U.S. commercial Total revenue 
 64 

Changes in the contract asset and liability balances during the year ended December 31, 2022, were not materially impacted by any other factors. 
 Revenue recognized in 2022, 2021 and 2020 that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of each year was billion, billion and billion, respectively. This revenue represented primarily the sale of business jet aircraft. 

C. 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding decreased in 2022 and 2021 due to share repurchases. See Note N for further discussion of our share repurchases. 
 Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock/RSUs Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 in 2022 , in 2021 and in 2020. 
 
 65 

D. 
 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: U.S. federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred ) ) ) Provision for income taxes, net Net income tax payments 
 The reported tax provision differs from the amounts paid because some income and expense items are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting than for income tax purposes. This includes the impact of the requirement, effective January 1, 2022, to capitalize and amortize over five years certain research and experimental expenditures that were previously deductible immediately for tax purposes, which contributed to increased net income tax payments and is reflected in the net deferred tax liability related to intangible assets. 
 State and local income taxes allocable to U.S. government contracts are included in operating costs and expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and, therefore, are not included in the provision above. 
 Domestic tax credits ) ) ) Equity-based compensation ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income ) ) ) State tax on commercial operations, net of federal benefits Global impact of international operations ) Tax impact of restructuring ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 66 

Lease liabilities Tax loss and credit carryforwards Salaries and wages Workers compensation Other Deferred assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred assets Intangible assets ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Contract accounting methods ) ) Capital Construction Fund qualified ships ) ) Other ) ) Deferred liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Our deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in other noncurrent assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 We believe it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to realize our deferred tax assets, subject to the valuation allowances recognized. 
 Our deferred tax balance associated with our retirement benefits includes a deferred tax asset of on December 31, 2022, and on December 31, 2021, related to the amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) to recognize the funded status of our retirement plans. For a reconciliation of the increase in funded status of our defined benefit plans in 2022, see Note S. 
 One of our deferred tax liabilities results from our participation in the Capital Construction Fund (CCF), a program established by the U.S. government and administered by the Maritime Administration that supports the acquisition, construction, reconstruction or operation of U.S. flag merchant marine vessels. The program allows us to defer federal and state income taxes on earnings derived from eligible programs as long as the proceeds are deposited in the fund and withdrawals are used for qualified activities. We had U.S. government accounts receivable pledged (and thereby deposited) to the CCF of and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of , substantially all of which are associated with jurisdictions that have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 67 

tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will vary significantly over the next 12 months, producing, individually or in the aggregate, a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

E. 
 
 U.S. government Commercial Total accounts receivable 
 Receivables from non-U.S. government customers included amounts related to long-term production programs for the Spanish Ministry of Defence of billion and billion on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A different ministry, the Spanish Ministry of Industry, has funded work on these programs in advance of costs incurred by the company. The cash advances are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in current customer advances and deposits and will be repaid to the Ministry of Industry as we collect on the outstanding receivables from the Ministry of Defence. The net amounts for these programs on December 31, 2022 and 2021, were advance payments of and , respectively. With respect to our other receivables, we expect to collect substantially all of the year-end 2022 balance during 2023. 

F. 
 
 Advances and progress billings ) ) Net unbilled receivables 
 68 

billion and billion, respectively, associated with large international contracts in our Combat Systems segment. A wheeled vehicle contract, originally negotiated in 2012, was amended in 2020 to include a revised payment schedule that addressed a build-up in unbilled receivables. Under the amended contract, we have received progress payments in 2021 and 2022 that have reduced the program s unbilled balance to billion as of December 31, 2022. The remaining scheduled progress payments will liquidate the net unbilled receivables balance by the end of 2023. A separate tracked vehicle contract signed in 2010 has been experiencing an unbilled receivables build-up since 2021 resulting in a billion balance as of December 31, 2022. Based on ongoing discussions with the customer, we expect payments to resume in the first quarter of 2023 assuming continued successful program activity. Other than the balance related to the tracked vehicle contract, we expect to bill substantially all of the remaining year-end 2022 net unbilled receivables balance during 2023, and the amount not expected to be billed in 2023 results primarily from the agreed-upon contractual billing terms. 
 G A costs in unbilled revenue on December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively. 

G. 
 
 Raw materials Finished goods Pre-owned aircraft Total inventories 

69 

H. 
 
 Acquisitions (b) Other (c) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 (a) Acquisitions Other (c) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 (a) 
 (a) Goodwill in the Technologies reporting unit was net of billion of 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 Intangible Assets. 
 ) ) Trade names and trademarks ) ) Technology and software ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 We did not recognize any impairments of our intangible assets in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 - 
 Trade names and trademarks Technology and software - 
 Other intangible assets 
 Amortization expense is included in operating costs and expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. Amortization expense for intangible assets was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 70 

2024 2025 2026 2027 

I. 
 
 Buildings and improvements Construction in process Land and improvements Total PP E Accumulated depreciation ) ) PP E, net 
 years. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods of up to years. Our government customers provide certain facilities and equipment for our use that are not included above. 

J. 
 years or to terminate the lease within . When it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option, we include the impact of the option in the lease term for purposes of determining total future lease payments. As most of our lease agreements do not explicitly state the discount rate implicit in the lease, we use our incremental borrowing rate on the commencement date to calculate the present value of future payments. 
 Certain of our leases include variable payments, which may be calculated based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI) or similar indices at the lease commencement date. To the extent these variable payments are not considered fixed, we exclude such payments from the ROU asset and lease liability and expense as incurred. In addition to the present value of the future lease payments, the calculation of the ROU asset also includes any deferred rent, lease pre-payments and initial direct costs of obtaining the lease, such as commissions. 
 71 

of our lease obligations. 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease costs, net 
 Additional information related to leases was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Additional quantitative lease information was as follows: 
 December 31 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term: Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 72 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest Present value of future lease payments Less current portion of lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities ROU assets 
 Long-term lease liabilities ROU assets 
 Lease liabilities are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in current and noncurrent other liabilities, while ROU assets are included in noncurrent other assets. 
 On December 31, 2022, we had additional future payments on leases that had not yet commenced of . These leases will commence in 2023, and have lease terms ranging from one to years. 
 
 73 

K. 
 May 2023 August 2023 November 2024 April 2025 May 2025 June 2026 August 2026 April 2027 November 2027 May 2028 April 2030 June 2031 April 2040 June 2041 November 2042 April 2050 Other Total debt principal Less unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts Total debt Less current portion Long-term debt 
 In November 2022, we repaid fixed-rate notes of billion at the scheduled maturity using cash on hand. Interest payments associated with our debt were in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt principal 
 74 

commercial paper outstanding, but we maintain the ability to access the commercial paper market in the future. Separately, we have a billion committed bank credit facility for general corporate purposes and working capital needs and to support our commercial paper issuances. This credit facility expires in March 2027. We may renew or replace this credit facility in whole or in part at or prior to its expiration date. We also have an effective shelf registration on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that allows us to access the debt markets. 
 Our financing arrangements contain a number of customary covenants and restrictions. We were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions on December 31, 2022. 

L. 
 Dividends payable Lease liabilities Workers compensation Retirement benefits Other Total other current liabilities Retirement benefits Customer deposits on commercial contracts Lease liabilities Other Total other liabilities 

M. 
 75 

totaling approximately billion on December 31, 2022. 
 76 

or fewer days preceding delivery of the new aircraft to the customer. At that time, the customer is required to either exercise the option or allow its expiration. Other trade-in commitments are structured to guarantee a predetermined trade-in value. These commitments present more risk in the event of an adverse change in market conditions. In either case, any excess of the preestablished trade-in price above the fair market value at the time the new aircraft is delivered is treated as a reduction of revenue in the new-aircraft sales transaction. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated change in fair market values from the date of the commitments was not material. 
 Labor Agreements. On December 31, 2022, approximately one-fifth of the employees of our subsidiaries were working under collectively bargained terms and conditions, including collective agreements that we have negotiated directly with unions and works councils. A number of these agreements expire within any given year. Historically, we have been successful at renegotiating these labor agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. In 2023, we expect to negotiate the terms of agreements covering approximately employees. We do not expect the renegotiations will, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Warranty expense Payments ) ) ) Adjustments ) Ending balance 

N. 
 million shares of per share par value common stock and million shares of per share par value preferred stock. The preferred stock is issuable in series, with the rights, preferences and limitations of each series to be determined by our board of directors. 
 77 

shares of common stock issued and shares of common stock outstanding, including unvested restricted stock of shares. On December 31, 2021, we had shares of common stock issued and shares of common stock outstanding. shares of our preferred stock were outstanding on either date. The only changes in our shares outstanding during 2022 and 2021 resulted from shares repurchased in the open market and share activity under our equity compensation plans. See Note R for additional details. 
 Share Repurchases. Our board of directors, from time to time, authorizes management to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock on the open market. In 2022, we repurchased million of our outstanding shares for billion. On December 31, 2022, million shares remained authorized by our board of directors for repurchase, representing of our total shares outstanding. We repurchased million shares for billion in 2021 and million shares for in 2020. 
 Dividends per Share. Our board of directors declared dividends per share of in 2022 , in 2021 and in 2020. We paid cash dividends of billion in 2022 , billion in 2021 and billion in 2020. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income, pretax ) Benefit from income tax, net ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income, pretax ) ) Provision for income tax, net ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, pretax ) ) ) Provision for income tax, net ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Amounts reclassified out of AOCL related primarily to changes in our retirement plans funded status and included pretax recognized net actuarial losses and amortization of prior service credit. See Note S for these amounts, which are included in our net annual pension and other post-retirement benefit (credit) cost. 
 
 78 

O. 
 operating segments: Aerospace, Marine Systems, Combat Systems and Technologies. We organize our segments in accordance with the nature of products and services offered. We measure each segment s profitability based on operating earnings. As a result, we do not allocate net interest, other income and expense items, and income taxes to our segments. 
 Marine Systems Combat Systems Technologies Corporate (b) ) ) ) Total 
 (a) See Note B for additional revenue information by segment. 
 (b) Corporate operating costs consisted primarily of equity-based compensation expense. 
 The following is additional summary financial information for each of our segments: 
 Identifiable Assets Capital Expenditures Depreciation and Amortization Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Aerospace Marine Systems Combat Systems Technologies Corporate Total 
 Other Total North America Europe Asia/Pacific Africa/Middle East South America Total revenue 
 Our revenue from non-U.S. operations was billion in 2022, billion in 2021 and billion in 2020, and earnings from continuing operations before income taxes from non-U.S. operations were in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The long-lived assets associated with these operations were of our total long-lived assets on December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 79 

P. 
 We did not have any significant non-financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 80 

Available-for-sale debt securities Commingled equity funds Commingled fixed-income funds Other investments Cash flow hedge assets Cash flow hedge liabilities ) ) ) Measured at amortized cost: 
 Short- and long-term debt principal ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Measured at fair value: Marketable securities held in trust: Cash and equivalents Available-for-sale debt securities Equity securities Other investments Cash flow hedge assets Cash flow hedge liabilities ) ) ) Measured at amortized cost: 
 Short- and long-term debt principal ) ) ) 

Q. 
 81 

average maturity of these instruments generally matches the duration of the activities that are at risk. 
 Commodity Price Risk. We are subject to commodity price risk, primarily on long-term, fixed-price contracts. To the extent possible, we include terms in our contracts that are designed to protect us from these risks. Some of the protective terms included in our contracts are considered derivative financial instruments but are not accounted for separately because they are clearly and closely related to the host contract. We have not entered into any material commodity hedging contracts but may do so as circumstances warrant. We do not believe that changes in commodity prices will have a material impact on our results of operations or cash flows. 
 Investment Risk. Our investment policy allows for purchases of fixed-income securities with an investment-grade rating and a maximum maturity of up to . On December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held billion and billion in cash and equivalents, respectively, but held no marketable securities other than those held in trust to meet some of our obligations under workers compensation and non-qualified pension plans. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held marketable securities in trust of and , respectively. These marketable securities are reflected at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in other current and noncurrent assets. See Note P for additional details. 
 billion and billion on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These derivative financial instruments are cash flow hedges and are reflected at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in other current assets and liabilities. See Note P for additional details. 
 Changes in fair value (gains and losses) related to derivative financial instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges are deferred in AOCL until the underlying transaction is reflected in earnings. Alternatively, gains and losses on derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recorded each period in earnings. All gains and losses from derivative financial instruments recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings are presented in the same line item as the underlying transaction, generally operating costs and expenses. 
 Net gains and losses recognized in earnings on derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting were not material to our results of operations in any of the past three years. Net gains and losses reclassified to earnings from AOCL related to qualified hedges were also not material to our results of operations in any of the past three years, and we do not expect the amount of these gains and losses that will be reclassified to earnings during the next 12 months to be material. 
 We had no material derivative financial instruments designated as fair value or net investment hedges on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 82 

R. 
 
 On December 31, 2022, in addition to the shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, approximately million shares have been authorized for awards that may be granted in the future. 
 
 Restricted stock/RSUs Total equity-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 with of the options vesting after two years and the remaining vesting the following year and expire years after the grant date. 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted average expected volatility Expected term (in months) Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 83 

in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Stock option expense reduced pretax operating earnings (and on a diluted per-share basis) by in 2022 , in 2021 and in 2020. On December 31, 2022, we had of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding on December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest on December 31, 2022 Exercisable on December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest Exercisable 
 In the table above, intrinsic value is calculated as the excess, if any, of the market price of our stock on the last trading day of the year over the exercise price of the options. For stock options exercised, intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market price on the date of exercise and the exercise price. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 restriction period after the grant date, during which recipients may not sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise convey their 
 84 

of the awards, except for restricted stock awards to retirement-eligible participants that are recognized on an accelerated basis. Compensation expense related to restricted stock and RSUs reduced pretax operating earnings (and on a diluted per-share basis) by in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. On December 31, 2022, we had of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock and RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of vesting shares was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

S. 
 Our contributions to these plans totaled in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The defined-contribution plans held approximately million and million shares of our common stock, representing approximately of our outstanding shares, on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 85 

We contributed to our qualified pension plans in 2022. In 2023, our required contributions are . In the first quarter of 2023, we also made a discretionary contribution of , resulting in total expected pension plan contributions of in 2023. 
 Contributions to our other post-retirement benefit plans were not material in 2022 and are not expected to be material in 2023. 
 Benefit Payments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 86 

in the determination of the amortizable amount of actuarial gains and losses. For non-qualified pension plans, we recognize actuarial gains and losses immediately. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net actuarial loss Prior service credit ) ) ) Settlement/curtailment/other Net annual benefit (credit) cost ) ) 
 Other Post-retirement Benefits Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net actuarial gain ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) Settlement/curtailment/other ) Net annual benefit credit ) ) ) 
 
 87 

) ) ) Service cost ) ) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) Amendments ) Actuarial gain Settlement/curtailment/other Benefits paid Benefit obligation at end of year ) ) ) ) Change in Plan/Trust Assets Fair value of assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Settlement/curtailment/other ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) 
 The overall decrease in our pension benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022, was due primarily to actuarial gains created by the change in the weighted-average discount rate, which increased from at December 31, 2021, to at December 31, 2022. 
 The overall decrease in our pension benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due primarily to the settlement resulting from the 2021 purchase of an irrevocable group annuity contract to transfer certain pension obligations to an insurance company, and actuarial gains created by the change in the weighted-average discount rate, which increased from at December 31, 2020, to at December 31, 2021. 
 88 

Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net (liability) asset recognized ) ) ) 
 ) ) Prior service (credit) cost ) ) Total amount recognized in AOCL, pretax ) ) 
 The following is a reconciliation of the change in AOCL for our defined benefit plans: 
 Pension Benefits Other Post-retirement Benefits Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Prior service (credit) cost ) ) ) Amortization of: Net actuarial (loss) gain from prior years ) ) Prior service credit (cost) ) Settlement/curtailment/other ) ) Change in AOCL, pretax ) ) ) ) 
 A pension plan s funded status is the difference between the plan s assets and its projected benefit obligation (PBO). The PBO is the present value of future benefits attributed to employee services rendered to date, including assumptions about future compensation levels.) ) Fair value of plan assets 
 A pension plan s accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) is the present value of future benefits attributed to employee services rendered to date, excluding assumptions about future compensation levels. The ABO for all pension plans was billion and billion on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ABO for all other post-retirement plans was and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 89 

) ) ) Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Rate of increase in compensation levels Other Post-retirement Benefits Benefit obligation discount rate Health care cost trend rate: Trend rate for next year Ultimate trend rate Year rate reaches ultimate trend rate 
 The following table summarizes the weighted average assumptions used to determine our net annual benefit cost: 
 Assumptions for Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Pension Benefits Discount rates: Benefit obligation Service cost Interest cost Expected long-term rate of return on assets Rate of increase in compensation levels Other Post-retirement Benefits Discount rates: Benefit obligation Service cost Interest cost Expected long-term rate of return on assets 
 basis points for our pension plans and by basis points for our other post-retirement benefit plans, resulting from changes in our asset allocations. 
 90 

- return-seeking assets and - liability-hedging assets. 
 More than of our pension plan assets are held in a single trust for our primary qualified U.S. government and commercial pension plans. On December 31, 2022, the trust was invested largely in commingled funds comprised primarily of equity and fixed-income securities. The trust also invests in other asset classes consistent with our investment policy. Our investment policy allows the use of derivative instruments when appropriate to reduce anticipated asset volatility, to gain exposure to an asset class or to adjust the duration of fixed-income assets. 
 We hold assets in VEBA trusts for some of our other post-retirement benefit plans. On December 31, 2022, these trusts were invested largely in fixed-income securities and commingled funds comprised primarily of equity and fixed-income securities. Our asset allocation strategy for the VEBA trusts considers funded status, potential fluctuations in our other post-retirement benefit obligation, the taxable nature of certain VEBA trusts, tax deduction limits on contributions and the regulatory environment. 
 Our defined benefit plan assets are reported at fair value. See Note P for a discussion of the hierarchy for determining fair value. Our Level 1 assets include commingled equity and fixed-income funds that are valued using a unit price or NAV. These funds are actively traded and valued using quoted prices for identical securities from the market exchanges. Our Level 2 assets include fixed-income securities and commingled equity and fixed-income funds whose underlying investments are valued using observable marketplace inputs. The fair value of plan assets invested in fixed-income securities is generally determined under a market approach using valuation models that incorporate observable inputs such as interest rates, bond yields and quoted prices for similar assets. Our plan assets invested in Level 2 commingled funds are valued using a unit price or NAV obtained from the fund s transfer agent or 
 91 

days. The unfunded commitments related to these investments were not material on December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Commingled funds: Equity funds Fixed-income funds Real estate funds Other investments: Insurance deposit contracts Retirement annuity contracts Total plan assets in fair value hierarchy Plan assets measured using NAV as a practical expedient : Real estate funds Hedge funds Equity funds Total pension plan assets 
 Investments measured at fair value using NAV as a practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table for these investments are included to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 92 

Commingled funds: Equity funds Fixed-income funds Real estate funds Equity securities (a): U.S. companies Non-U.S. companies Fixed-income securities: Corporate bonds (b) Treasury securities Other investments: Insurance deposit contracts Retirement annuity contracts Total plan assets in fair value hierarchy Plan assets measured using NAV as a practical expedient (c): Real estate funds Hedge funds Equity funds Total pension plan assets 
 (a) of the total fair value. 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 93 

Commingled funds: Equity funds Fixed-income funds Fixed-income securities Total plan assets in fair value hierarchy Plan assets measured using NAV as a practical expedient (b): Real estate funds Hedge funds Total other post-retirement benefit plan assets 
 (a) We had no Level 3 investments on December 31, 2022. 
 (b) 
 Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Asset Category (a) December 31, 2021 Cash and equivalents Commingled funds: Equity funds Fixed-income funds Real estate funds Equity securities Fixed-income securities Total plan assets in fair value hierarchy Plan assets measured using NAV as a practical expedient (b): Real estate funds Hedge funds Total other post-retirement benefit plan assets 
 (a) We had no Level 3 investments on December 31, 2021. 
 (b) Investments measured at fair value using NAV as a practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table for these investments are included to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 94 

Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) Actual return on plan assets: Unrealized gains (losses), net ) Purchases, sales and settlements, net ) ) December 31, 2021 Actual return on plan assets: Unrealized losses, net ) ) ) Realized losses, net ) ) Purchases, sales and settlements, net December 31, 2022 
 95 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 General Dynamics Corporation: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet of General Dynamics Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows, and Shareholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 96 

Estimates used to recognize revenue for select long-term contracts 
 As discussed in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, accounting for long-term contracts involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. Revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying performance obligations. 
 For a select group of long-term contracts in the defense segments, we identified the assessment of certain assumptions that are an input into the amount of revenue recognized during the period as a critical audit matter. Examples of these assumptions are estimates of labor hours, the cost of materials for the work to be performed and the transaction price. The evaluation of one or more of the assumptions used to recognize revenue for the select group of long-term contracts required a high level of subjective auditor judgment due to the nature of the individual contracts and related contract performance risks. Specifically, changes to certain assumptions may have a significant impact on the revenue recorded during the period. 
 The following are primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the assumptions used to recognize revenue for the select group of long-term contracts. This included contract level controls over certain revenue and cost assumptions. For certain contracts, we compared the Company s historical estimates of costs to actual costs incurred to assess the Company s ability to estimate accurately. Based on the nature of the individual contract, we evaluated certain revenue and cost assumptions by: 
 reading the underlying contract and any related amendments to obtain an understanding of the contractual requirements and related performance obligations 
 assessing costs incurred to-date and the relative progress toward satisfying the performance obligation(s) of the contract 
 assessing, if relevant, the estimated costs at completion on similar or predecessor contracts and programs 
 inquiring of financial and operational personnel of the Company to identify factors that should be considered within the estimated costs at completion or indications of potential management bias 
 inspecting correspondence, if any, between the Company and the customer regarding actual to-date and expected performance 
 assessing the enforceable rights and obligations of the underlying contractual terms when changes to price or scope, or both, are not yet agreed 
 analyzing the sufficiency of the Company s assessment of contract performance risks included within the estimated costs at completion. 
 Discount rates used in pension benefit obligation 
 As discussed in Note S to the consolidated financial statements, t he Company s pension benefit obligation and the associated plan assets were 13.5 billion and 11.4 billion, respectively, on December 31, 2022. These balances resulted in a net liability of 2.1 billion. The weighted average discount rate assumption used in estimating the pension benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022, of 5.08 was based on a current yield curve developed from a portfolio of 
 97 

high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities consistent with the projected benefit payout period. The selected discount rates have a significant effect on the measurement of the pension benefit obligation. 
 We identified the evaluation of the discount rates for certain plans pension benefit obligations to be a critical audit matter. This is due to the specialized skills required to assess the discount rate assumption used to discount estimated future benefit payments. In addition, certain plans pension benefit obligations were sensitive to changes in this assumption. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the pension benefit obligation process. This included a control related to the determination of the discount rate assumption. We involved an actuarial professional with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s methodology used to develop the discount rates 
 recalculating discount rates using the cash flows and spot rates provided by the Company 
 evaluating the Company s determination of the discount rates by comparing changes in the discount rates from the prior year against changes in published indices using publicly available market data. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 McLean, Virginia 
 February 7, 2023 

98 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, on December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 The certifications of the company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have been filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this report. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 To the Shareholders of General Dynamics Corporation: 
 The management of General Dynamics Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . In making this evaluation, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our evaluation we believe that, as of December 31, 2022 , our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 KPMG LLP has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The KPMG report immediately follows this report. 
 
 /s/ Phebe N. Novakovic /s/ Jason W. Aiken Phebe N. Novakovic Jason W. Aiken Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Technologies and Chief Financial Officer 
 99 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 General Dynamics Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited General Dynamics Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows, and Shareholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only 
 100 

in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP McLean, Virginia February 7, 2023 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required to be set forth herein, except for the information included under Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I, is included in the sections titled Election of the Board of Directors of the Company, Governance of the Company Our Ethos, Audit Committee Report and, if included, Other Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual shareholders meeting (the Proxy Statement), which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required to be set forth herein is included in the sections titled Governance of the Company Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Report in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 
 101 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required to be set forth herein is included in the sections titled Security Ownership of Management and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required to be set forth herein with respect to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is included in the section titled Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required to be set forth herein is included in the sections titled Governance of the Company Related Person Transactions Policy and Election of the Board of Directors of the Company Director Independence in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor ID: . 
 The information required to be set forth herein is included in the section entitled Advisory Vote on the Selection of Independent Auditors Audit and Non-Audit Fees in our Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statement of Earnings Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Consolidated Balance Sheet Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (A to S) 
 2. Index to Exhibits General Dynamics Corporation 
 Commission File No. 1-3671 
 Exhibits listed below, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 102 

amended, and which were filed as noted below, are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this report with the same effect as if filed herewith. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the company (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 7, 2004) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of General Dynamics Corporation (as amended effective December 7, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022 
 4.1 Indenture dated as of August 27, 2001, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York, as Truste e (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed wi th the SEC on February 12, 2018) 
 4.2 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 6, 2012, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 6, 2012) 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of March 24, 2015, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference from the company s registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015) 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2016, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2016) 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 14, 2017, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017) 
 
 4.6 Indenture dated as of March 22, 2018, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference from the company s registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2018) 
 
 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 11, 2018, among the company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018) 
 
 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2020, among General Dynamics Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (includes forms of 3.250 Notes due 2025, 3.500 Notes due 2027, 3.625 Notes due 2030, 4.250 Notes due 2040 and 4.250 Notes due 2050) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2020) 
 
 103 

4.9 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 10, 2021, among General Dynamics Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (includes forms of 1.150 Notes due 2026, 2.250 Notes due 2031 and 2.850 Notes due 2041) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021) 
 4.10 Description of General Dynamics Corporation s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 10.1 General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the company s registration statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-217656) filed with the SEC on May 4, 2017) 
 10.2 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 30, 2014, filed with the SEC on April 23, 2014) 
 10.3 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants made March 4, 2015, through March 1, 2016, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 5, 2015, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2015) 
 10.4 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants beginning March 2, 2016, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2016, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2016) 
 10.5 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants beginning May 3, 2017, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2017, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2017) 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants beginning May 3, 2017, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2017, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2017) 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants beginning May 3, 2017) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2017, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2017) 
 
 104 

10.8 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants beginning May 3, 2017, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2017, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2017) 
 10.9 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to named executive officers beginning March 6, 2019) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on April 24, 2019) 
 10.10 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to named executive officers beginning March 4, 2020, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain named executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2020, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2020) 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to named executive officers beginning March 4, 2020, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain named executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2020, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2020) 
 10.12 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to named executive officers beginning March 4, 2020, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain named executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2020, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2020) 
 10.13 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to executive officers beginning March 2, 2022, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2022, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022) 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to executive officers beginning March 2, 2022, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2022, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022) 
 
 105 

10.15 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the General Dynamics Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Compensation Plan (for grants to executive officers beginning March 2, 2022, and including, as indicated therein, provisions for certain executive officers who are subject to the company s Compensation Recoupment Policy) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2022, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022) 
 10.16 Successor Retirement Plan for Directors (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2002) 
 10.17 General Dynamics Corporation Supplemental Savings Plan, amended and restated effective October 1, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2021, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021) 
 10.18 Form of Severance Protection Agreement for executive officers (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2017) 
 10.19 General Dynamics Corporation Supplemental Retirement Plan, restated effective January 1, 2010 (incorporating amendments through March 31, 2011) (incorporated herein by reference from the company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 3, 2011, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2011) 
 10.20 Amendment to the General Dynamics Corporation Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective January 5, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2015) 
 10.21 Amendment to the General Dynamics Corporation Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2017) 
 10.22 Amendment to the General Dynamics Corporation Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019) 
 10.23 Amendment to the General Dynamics Corporation Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective December 20, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference from the company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021) 
 21 Subsidiaries 
 22 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24 Power of Attorney 
 31.1 Certification by CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification by CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 106 

32.1 Certification by CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification by CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 Filed or furnished electronically herewith. 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the company are not filed herewith. Pursuant to this regulation, we hereby agree to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 107 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION by /s/ William A. Moss William A. Moss Vice President and Controller Dated: February 7, 2023 

108 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 7, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 /s/ Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Phebe N. Novakovic (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jason W. Aiken Executive Vice President, Technologies and Chief Financial Officer Jason W. Aiken (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ William A. Moss Vice President and Controller William A. Moss (Principal Accounting Officer) Richard D. Clarke Director James S. Crown Director Rudy F. deLeon Director Cecil D. Haney Director Mark M. Malcolm Director James N. Mattis Director C. Howard Nye Director Catherine B. Reynolds Director Laura J. Schumacher 
 Director Robert K. Steel 
 Director John G. Stratton 
 Director Peter A. Wall 
 Director 
 
 By Gregory S. Gallopoulos pursuant to a Power of Attorney executed by the directors listed above, which has been filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 /s/ Gregory S. Gallopoulos Gregory S. Gallopoulos Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 109 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 ex410-20221231.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 

Exhibit 4.10 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 General Dynamics Corporation (the Company, we, us or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended our common stock, par value 1.00 per share. 
 The general terms and provisions of our common stock are summarized below. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Charter and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended, our Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and each of which may be amended from time to time. We encourage you to read our Charter and Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share. 
 Our board of directors (the Board of Directors has authority at any time and from time to time to issue preferred stock of any series and, in connection with the creation of each such series, to fix the voting powers (if any), the designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series to the full extent permitted by our Charter and the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to any preferential rights of the holders of any then-outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as from time to time may be declared by our Board of Directors. The declaration of dividends on our common stock is a business decision to be made by our Board of Directors in its discretion from time to time based upon our results of operations and financial condition, the provisions of the DGCL affecting the payment of dividends and distributions to stockholders and any other factors as our Board of Directors may consider relevant. 
 Voting Rights 
 Subject to the provisions of any applicable law, or of our Bylaws, with respect to the closing of the transfer books or the fixing of a record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote and except as otherwise provided by law or by the resolution or resolutions of our Board of Directors providing for the issue of any series of preferred stock, the holders of 

outstanding shares of our common stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other purposes, with each holder of record of shares of our common stock being entitled to one vote for each share of common stock standing in its name. Our Charter does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. Our Bylaws provide that all matters presented to the stockholders (other than the election of directors) at a meeting shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on such matters, a quorum being present (unless a different or minimum vote is required by applicable law, our Charter, our Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Company or any regulation applicable to the Company or its securities, in which case such different or minimum vote shall be the applicable vote on the matter). 
 Subject to any rights of the holders of any then-outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. However, if as of the 10th day preceding the date the Company first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders of the Company the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast, whether or not such election becomes an uncontested election after such date. A majority of the votes cast shall mean that the number of shares cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that director s election (with abstentions and broker non-votes, if applicable, not counted as a vote cast for or against that director s election). 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock having a preference over our common stock, the holders of our common stock shall be entitled to share, ratably according to the number of shares of common stock held by them, in all remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights, as such holders, to purchase or subscribe for or otherwise acquire any shares of our common stock, and there are no conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and not liable to any further call or assessments by us. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Our Charter, our Bylaws and the DGCL contain certain provisions that could delay or make more difficult an acquisition of control of us that is not approved by our Board of Directors, whether by means of a tender offer, open-market purchases, a proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition or change of control of us, even though such a proposal, if made, might be considered desirable by a majority of our stockholders. These provisions also may have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management without the concurrence of our Board of Directors. Set forth below is a description of various provisions contained in our Charter, our Bylaws and the DGCL that could impede or delay an acquisition of control of us that our Board of Directors has not approved. This description is intended as a summary only and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our Charter and our Bylaws, as well as the DGCL. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 provides that a Delaware corporation with a class of voting stock listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders may not engage in various business combination transactions with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder unless 
 the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder prior to the time that stockholder became an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding, for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) by certain employee stock plans) or 
 at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 In general, a business combination is broadly defined to include (i) any merger or consolidation of the corporation or any of its direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries with the interested stockholder (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (except proportionally as a stockholder of the corporation) to or with the interested stockholder of assets of the corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation, which assets have a market value equal to 10 or more of either the aggregate market value of all of the assets of the corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of the corporation (iii) subject to certain 

exceptions, any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation or by any of its direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries of any stock of the corporation or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder (iv) subject to certain exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation or any of its direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation or of any such subsidiary which is owned by the interested stockholder and (v) subject to certain exceptions, any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder of such corporation), of any loans, advances or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary. In general and subject certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is any person (other than the corporation and any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation) that (i) is the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation or (ii) is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within the 3-year period immediately prior to the date of determination, and the affiliates and associates of such person. 
 The DGCL permits a corporation to opt out of, or choose not to be governed by, the restrictions in Section 203 of the DGCL by expressly stating so in its original certificate of incorporation (or in a subsequent amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws approved by its stockholders). However, neither our Charter nor our Bylaws contains a provision electing to opt out of Section 203. 
 Advance Notice Requirements 
 Stockholders wishing to nominate persons for election to our Board of Directors at an annual meeting or to propose any business to be considered by our stockholders at an annual meeting must comply with certain advance notice and other procedures and requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Likewise, stockholders wishing to nominate persons for election to our Board of Directors at a special meeting of stockholders must comply with certain advance notice and other procedures and requirements set forth in our Bylaws. 
 Proxy Access 
 Our Bylaws contain proxy access provisions which give a qualified stockholder or group of stockholders the right to include up to a specified number of director nominees in our proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders. However, these proxy access provisions are subject to various requirements and restrictions specified in our Bylaws, including the following 
 To qualify, the stockholder (or group of up to twenty stockholders in accordance with, and subject to various requirements, restrictions and provisions of, our Bylaws) must have owned 3 or more of the Company s outstanding capital stock continuously for at least three years as of the date the written notice of a nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Company (in each case in accordance with certain procedures, restrictions and other provisions specified in our Bylaws) and as of the record 

date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and must continue to own such required shares through the annual meeting date. 
 The maximum number of stockholder nominees permitted under the proxy access provisions of our Bylaws to appear in our proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders is generally the largest whole number that does not exceed 20 of the number of our directors in office as of the last day on which notice of a nomination under our proxy access provisions may be delivered under our Bylaws. 
 To be timely, notice of a nomination under our proxy access provisions, together with other required information, representations and agreements specified in our Bylaws, must be submitted to the Secretary of the Company at our principal executive offices within certain timeframes and in accordance with certain procedures and other requirements specified in our Bylaws. 
 The foregoing proxy access provisions are subject to additional procedural and other requirements and restrictions set forth in our Bylaws. 
 Special Meetings 
 Pursuant to the DGCL, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the Board of Directors or by any other person authorized to do so in our Charter or Bylaws. Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may only be called by our Board of Directors or the Chairman of our Board of Directors. However, our Bylaws provide that, subject to certain limitations and provisions in our Bylaws, a special meeting of stockholders shall be called by our Board of Directors upon the receipt by the Secretary of the Company of a written request for the Board of Directors to call a special meeting by one stockholder of record owning at least 10 or one or more stockholders of record of shares representing in the aggregate at least 25 in each case of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting, voting as a single class. A special meeting request must among other things contain certain information specified in our Bylaws. 
 Number of Directors Board Vacancies 
 Our Bylaws provide that the number of directors shall be not less than 5 nor more than 15, as shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors pursuant to a vote of two-thirds of the directors then in office (so long as a quorum is present). Vacancies occurring on the Board of Directors (however occurring) and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a vote of two-thirds of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Each director so appointed shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders, until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director s earlier death, removal or resignation. 

Additional Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 
 The additional shares of authorized common stock and preferred stock available for issuance under our Charter could be issued at such times, under such circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change in control. 
 Amendments to Bylaws 
 Under our Charter and Bylaws, our Board of Directors has the authority to adopt, alter, amend or repeal our Bylaws. Our stockholders may also adopt, alter, amend or repeal our Bylaws at any meeting by the requisite vote of our stockholders provided that notice of such proposed adoption, alteration, amendment or repeal is included in the notice of such meeting. 
 Forum Selection 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (A) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Charter or our Bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the District of Delaware and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Our Bylaws also provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions summarized in the immediately preceding sentence. 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 Our shares of common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GD. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21-20221231.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES AS OF JANUARY 31, 2023 Subsidiaries of General Dynamics Corporation (Parent and Registrant) Place of Incorporation Percent of Voting Power American Overseas Marine Company, LLC Delaware 100 Applied Physical Sciences Corp. Connecticut 100 ARMA Global Corporation Florida 100 Avion Logistics Limited Hong Kong 100 Avjet Corporation California 100 Bath Iron Works Canada, LLC Delaware 100 Bath Iron Works Corporation Maine 100 Blueprint Technologies, Inc. Virginia 100 Braintree I Maritime Corp. Delaware 100 Braintree II Maritime Corp. Delaware 100 Braintree III Maritime Corp. Delaware 100 Braintree IV Maritime Corp. Delaware 100 Braintree V Maritime Corp. Delaware 100 Concord I Maritime Corporation Delaware 100 Concord II Maritime Corporation Delaware 100 Concord III Maritime Corporation Delaware 100 Concord IV Maritime Corporation Delaware 100 Concord V Maritime Corporation Delaware 100 Convair Aircraft Corporation Delaware 100 Convair Corporation Delaware 100 CSC Computer Sciences Egypt LLC Egypt 100 CSC Computer Sciences Venezuela, S.A. Venezuela 100 CSRA (Costa Rica) S.A. Costa Rica 100 CSRA (Guyana) Inc. Guyana 100 CSRA (Middle East) LLC Virginia 100 CSRA Argentina S.R.L. Argentina 100 CSRA Bahamas Limited Bahamas 100 CSRA Bahrain W.L.L. Bahrain 100 CSRA Belgium SRL Belgium 100 CSRA BH d.o.o. Bosnia and Herzegovina 100 CSRA Bolivia S.R.L. Bolivia 100 CSRA Brasil Servicos de Tecnologia Ltda. Brazil 100 CSRA Canada Inc. Canada 100 CSRA Caribbean Inc. Nevada 100 CSRA Chile SpA Chile 100 CSRA Colombia SAS Colombia 100 CSRA Consular Services Holding Company LLC Nevada 100 CSRA Consular Services Inc. Nevada 100 CSRA Consular Services India Private Limited India 100 CSRA France SARL France 100 CSRA Honduras, Sociedad Anonima Honduras 100 CSRA Information Technology Spain, SL Spain 100 

CSRA Ireland Limited Ireland 100 CSRA Italy S.R.L. Italy 100 CSRA Kosovo L.L.C. Kosovo 100 CSRA LATAM LLC Virginia 100 CSRA Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 100 CSRA Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 100 CSRA Nicaragua, Sociedad Anonima Nicaragua 100 CSRA Peru S.R.L. Peru 100 CSRA Senegal SARL Senegal 100 CSRA South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa 100 CSRA State and Local Solutions LLC Nevada 100 CSRA Trinidad & Tobago Limited Trinidad and Tobago 100 CSRA Turkey Bilisim Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi Turkey 100 CSRA Uruguay S.R.L. Uruguay 100 CSRA Visa Services Israel Ltd. Israel 100 CSRAIT - Information Services Portugal, Unipessoal LDA Portugal 100 Customer Services Ecuador CSRA S.A. Ecuador 100 DynPort Vaccine Company, LLC Virginia 100 Eagle Enterprise, Inc. Delaware 100 EB Groton Engineering, Inc. Delaware 100 EBV Explosives Environmental Company Delaware 100 ELCS-CZ, s.r.o. Czech Republic 100 Electric Boat - Australia, LLC Delaware 100 Electric Boat - UK, LLC Delaware 100 Electric Boat Canada, LLC Delaware 100 Electric Boat Corporation Delaware 100 Electric Boat France, LLC Delaware 100 Electrocom, Inc. Delaware 100 Expro Finance Inc. Canada 100 ForeSight Technology Services, LLC Virginia 100 Freeman United Coal Mining Company, LLC Delaware 100 GD Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia 100 GD European Land Systems - Steyr GmbH Austria 100 GD European Land Systems Holding GmbH Austria 100 General Dynamics - OTS (Global), Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics AIS Australia Pty Ltd Australia 100 General Dynamics Canadian Finance Inc. Canada 100 General Dynamics Canadian Holdings Inc. Canada 100 General Dynamics Commercial Cyber Services, LLC Virginia 100 General Dynamics European Finance Limited England and Wales 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems - Austria GmbH Austria 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems Bridge Systems GmbH Germany 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems - Czech s.r.o. Czech Republic 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems - Deutschland GmbH Germany 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems - FWW GmbH Germany 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems - Mowag GmbH Switzerland 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems Botswana Proprietary Ltd. Botswana 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems Denmark ApS Denmark 100 General Dynamics European Land Systems Romania S.R.L. Romania 100 

General Dynamics European Land Systems, S.L. Spain 100 General Dynamics Global Force, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Global Holdings Limited England and Wales 100 General Dynamics Global Imaging Technologies, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Government Satellite Services, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Government Systems Corporation Delaware 100 General Dynamics Government Systems Overseas Corporation Delaware 100 General Dynamics Information Technology, Inc. Virginia 100 General Dynamics International Corporation Delaware 100 General Dynamics Land Systems - Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia 100 General Dynamics Land Systems - Canada Corporation Canada 100 General Dynamics Land Systems - Canada Services Inc. Canada 100 General Dynamics Land Systems - Canadian Services Limited Canada 100 General Dynamics Land Systems - Force Protection Inc. Nevada 100 General Dynamics Land Systems Global LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Company Texas 100 General Dynamics Land Systems Holdings LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Land Systems Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics Limited England and Wales 100 General Dynamics Marine Systems, Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics Mission Systems Asia-Pacific SDN BHD Brunei 100 General Dynamics Mission Systems International Limited England and Wales 100 General Dynamics Mission Systems Overseas Company, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics Mission Systems Italy S.R.L. Italy 100 General Dynamics Motion Control, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics One Source, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems - Canada Inc. Canada 100 General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems - Canada Valleyfield Inc. Canada 100 General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems - Simunition Operations, Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems, Inc. Virginia 100 General Dynamics OTS (Aerospace), Inc. Washington 100 General Dynamics OTS (California), Inc. California 100 General Dynamics OTS (DRI), Inc. Alabama 100 General Dynamics OTS (Niceville), Inc. Florida 100 General Dynamics OTS (Wilkes Barre), LLC Pennsylvania 100 General Dynamics Overseas Systems and Services Corporation Delaware 100 General Dynamics Properties, Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics Robotic Systems, Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics Satellite Communication Services, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Saudi Holdings, S.L. Spain 100 General Dynamics Shared Resources, LLC Delaware 100 General Dynamics Support Services Company Delaware 100 General Dynamics Swiss Financial Management Limited England and Wales 100 General Dynamics United Kingdom Limited England and Wales 100 General Dynamics Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Delaware 100 General Dynamics-OTS, Inc. Delaware 100 GM GDLS Defense Group, L.L.C. Delaware 100 GPS Source, Inc. Colorado 100 

Gulfstream 100 Holdings LLC Delaware 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (CA) California 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (DE) Delaware 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (GA) Georgia 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (OK) Oklahoma 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation of Texas Texas 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 100 Gulfstream Aerospace LLC Delaware 100 Gulfstream Aerospace LP Texas 100 Gulfstream Aerospace Services Corporation Delaware 100 Gulfstream Aerospace, Ltd. England and Wales 100 Gulfstream Aerospace, Sociedad de Responsabilidad Limitada de Capital Variable (S. de R.L. de C.V.) Mexico 100 Gulfstream Austria, GmbH Austria 100 Gulfstream Do Brasil Servicos De Suporte E Manutencao A Aeronaves Ltda. Brazil 100 Gulfstream International Corporation Delaware 100 Gulfstream Leasing LLC Georgia 100 Gulfstream Product Support Corporation Delaware 100 Gulfstream Services Corporation Georgia 100 Gulfstream Tennessee Corporation Delaware 100 Gulfstream-California, Inc. Delaware 100 Hawker Pacific Asia Holdings Pte Ltd Singapore 100 Information Services Consulting Limited England and Wales 100 Interiores Aereos S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 International Manufacturing Technologies, Inc. California 100 Janteq Australia PTY Limited Australia 100 Janteq Corp. Maryland 100 Jet Aviation (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd Singapore 100 Jet Aviation (Bermuda) Ltd. Bermuda 100 Jet Aviation (Hong Kong) Ltd. Hong Kong 100 Jet Aviation (Malaysia) MRO SDN BHD Malaysia 100 Jet Aviation (Malaysia) SDN, BHD Malaysia 100 Jet Aviation 125 Services, LLC Delaware 100 Jet Aviation AG Switzerland 100 Jet Aviation Airservices Limited Hong Kong 100 Jet Aviation Australia Pty Ltd Australia 100 Jet Aviation Bozeman, LLC Montana 100 Jet Aviation Business Jets (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong 100 Jet Aviation Business Jets AG Switzerland 100 Jet Aviation Business Jets FZCO UAE 100 Jet Aviation Business Jets San Marino S.R.L. San Marino 100 Jet Aviation Business Jets Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore 100 Jet Aviation California, LLC California 100 Jet Aviation Dulles, LLC Delaware 100 Jet Aviation Flight Services, Inc. Maryland 100 Jet Aviation France SAS France 100 Jet Aviation French Polynesia French Polynesia 100 Jet Aviation Holding GmbH Switzerland 100 Jet Aviation Holdings USA, Inc. Delaware 100 

Jet Aviation Houston, Inc. Texas 100 Jet Aviation International, Inc. Florida 100 Jet Aviation Malaga SA Spain 100 Jet Aviation Management AG Switzerland 100 Jet Aviation Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 100 Jet Aviation New Caledonia New Caledonia 100 Jet Aviation NZ Limited New Zealand 100 Jet Aviation of America, Inc. Maryland 100 Jet Aviation Opa Locka, LLC Florida 100 Jet Aviation Savannah Holding, LLC Delaware 100 Jet Aviation Scottsdale LLC Arizona 100 Jet Aviation Services GmbH Germany 100 Jet Aviation St. Louis, Inc. Missouri 100 Jet Aviation Staffing, LLC Delaware 100 Jet Aviation Teterboro, L.P. New Jersey 100 Jet Aviation Texas, Inc. Texas 100 Jet Aviation Palm Beach, Inc. Florida 100 Jet Aviation Vienna GmbH Austria 100 Longreach Energy, LLC Delaware 100 Material Service Resources Company, LLC Delaware 100 Mediaware International Pty Ltd Australia 100 Metro Machine Corp. Virginia 100 Midwest Properties Sales, LLC Delaware 100 NASSCO Holdings Incorporated Delaware 100 National Steel and Shipbuilding Company Nevada 100 Newberry Holdings, LLC Virginia 100 Pazo s Fuel Services, Inc. Puerto Rico 100 Plane 79, LLC Delaware 100 Praxis Engineering Technologies, LLC Delaware 100 Progeny Systems, LLC Virginia 100 Proyectos Prohumane Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 Quincy Maritime Corporation III Delaware 100 Santa Barbara Sistemas S.A. Spain 100 Savannah Air Center, LLC Georgia 100 Southern Illinois Recovery, Inc. Delaware 100 St. Marks Powder, Inc. Delaware 100 Tecnologias Internacionales de Manufactura S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 The Depth of Ideas for General Trading, LLC Iraq 100 Vangent Servicios de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 Vulnerability Research Labs, LLC Delaware 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 4
 ex22-20221231.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 

Subsidiary Guarantors 
 Each of the following subsidiaries of General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), has fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, joint and several basis each of the debt securities of the Company listed below. 
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 American Overseas Marine Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Bath Iron Works Corporation, a Maine corporation 
 Electric Boat Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
 General Dynamics Government Systems Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
 General Dynamics Land Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems, Inc., a Virginia corporation 
 General Dynamics-OTS, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
 National Steel and Shipbuilding Company, a Nevada corporation 
 
 Debt Securities of the Company Guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors 
 3.375 Fixed-Rate Notes due May 2023 
 1.875 Fixed-Rate Notes due August 2023 
 2.375 Fixed-Rate Notes due November 2024 
 3.250 Fixed-Rate Notes due April 2025 
 3.500 Fixed-Rate Notes due May 2025 
 1.150 Fixed-Rate Notes due June 2026 
 2.125 Fixed-Rate Notes due August 2026 
 3.500 Fixed-Rate Notes due April 2027 
 2.625 Fixed-Rate Notes due November 2027 
 3.750 Fixed-Rate Notes due May 2028 
 3.625 Fixed-Rate Notes due April 2030 
 2.250 Fixed-Rate Notes due June 2031 
 4.250 Fixed-Rate Notes due April 2040 
 2.850 Fixed-Rate Notes due June 2041 
 3.600 Fixed-Rate Notes due November 2042 
 4.250 Fixed-Rate Notes due April 2050 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex23-20221231.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-107901, 333-159038, 333-159045, 333-181124, 333-186575, 333-186578, 333-208667, 333-217656, 333-224138, 333-226587, 333-231261, and 333-249722) on Form S-8 and in the registration statement No. 333-255513 on Form S-3ASR of our reports dated February 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of General Dynamics Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 McLean, Virginia 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 ex24-20221231.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned directors of GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints each of PHEBE N. NOVAKOVIC, JASON W. AIKEN and GREGORY S. GALLOPOULOS as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and revocation, for and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K of General Dynamics Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments and supplements thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary as fully as to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute(s) may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands this 2 nd day of February 2023. 

s RICHARD D. CLARKE s C. HOWARD NYE Richard D. Clarke C. Howard Nye s JAMES S. CROWN s CATHERINE B. REYNOLDS James S. Crown Catherine B. Reynolds s RUDY F. DELEON s LAURA J. SCHUMACHER Rudy F. deLeon Laura J. Schumacher s CECIL D. HANEY s ROBERT K. STEEL Cecil D. Haney Robert K. Steel s MARK M. MALCOLM s JOHN G. STRATTON Mark M. Malcolm John G. Stratton s JAMES N. MATTIS s PETER A. WALL James N. Mattis Peter A. Wall 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex311-20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Phebe N. Novakovic, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of General Dynamics Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 7, 2023 s Phebe N. Novakovic Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex312-20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jason W. Aiken, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of General Dynamics Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 7, 2023 s Jason W. Aiken Jason W. Aiken Executive Vice President, Technologies and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex321-20221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of General Dynamics Corporation (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Phebe N. Novakovic, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 7, 2023 s Phebe N. Novakovic Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex322-20221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of General Dynamics Corporation (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Jason W. Aiken, Executive Vice President, Technologies and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 7, 2023 s Jason W. Aiken Jason W. Aiken Executive Vice President, Technologies and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 gd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 gd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 gd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 gd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 gd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

