<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_948320_0001493152-23-008560.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>45289697</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>497558</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>36258144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3610456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2175958</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2498238</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008560.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322170350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008560
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		163
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LifeMD, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000948320
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		IRS NUMBER:				760238453
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39785
		FILM NUMBER:		23753626

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		236 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 351-5907

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		236 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONVERSION LABS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180622

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Immudyne, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IMMUDYNE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008560.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
of exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements included in the filing reflects a correction of an error to previously issued financial
statements: (1) Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements requiring a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation under
the registrant s clawback policies: (1) Yes No 

(1) 
 Check
 boxes are blank until we are required to have a recovery policy under the applicable listing standard of The Nasdaq Global Market 
 
 . 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was , as computed
by reference to the closing price of such common stock on such date. 

The
registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of March 21, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 11 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 26 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 27 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 27 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 27 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 28 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 28 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 28 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 35 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 35 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 35 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 36 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 36 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 37 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 37 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 37 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 37 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 37 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 38 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 41 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain statements made in this discussion are forward-looking statements within the meaning of 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the
Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by the Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used
herein, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, 
 future, intend, plan, predict, project, target, potential, 
 will, would, could, should, continue or the negative of these terms
and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other
factors, including the risks relating to the Company s business, industry, and the Company s operations and results of operations.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Risk
factors include, by way of example and without limitation: 

changes
 in the market acceptance of our products; 

increased
 levels of competition; 

changes
 in political, economic, or regulatory conditions generally and in the markets in which we operate; 

our
 ability to successfully commercialize our products on a large enough scale to generate profitable operations; 

our
 ability to maintain and develop relationships with customers and suppliers; 

our
 ability to respond to new technological developments quickly and effectively; 

our
 ability to protect our trade secrets or other proprietary rights, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others
 and prevent others from infringing on our proprietary rights; 

our
 ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or new brands; 

the
 impact of competitive products and pricing; 

supply
 constraints or difficulties; 

general
 economic and business conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession; 

business
 interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war, and terrorism or disease outbreaks (such as COVID-19); 

current
 and potential material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

our
 need to raise additional funds in the future; 

our
 ability to successfully recruit and retain qualified personnel; 

our
 ability to successfully implement our business plan; 

our
 ability to successfully acquire, develop or commercialize new products and equipment; 

being
 able to scale our telehealth platform built to improve the experience and medical care provided to patients across the country; 

intellectual
 property claims brought by third parties; and 

the
 impact of any industry regulation. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, or performance. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and
in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including the risk factors identified in
Item 1A of this report. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the
occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in the future operating results over time except as required by law. We believe that our
assumptions are based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations. No assurances are made that actual
results of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our assumptions. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments,
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of
the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our consolidated financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual
results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in
this report. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms Company, we, us, 
and our refer to LifeMD, Inc. (formerly known as Conversion Labs, Inc.), our wholly-owned subsidiary LifeMD PR, LLC (formerly
Immudyne PR LLC and Conversion Labs PR), a Puerto Rico limited liability company Conversion Labs PR , or CLPR ),
Cleared Technologies PBC, a Delaware public benefit corporation Cleared and our majority-owned subsidiary WorkSimpli
Software LLC (formerly known as LegalSimpli Software, LLC), a Puerto Rico limited liability company WorkSimpli ). The affiliated
network of medical Professional Corporations and medical Professional Associations administratively led by LifeMD Southern Patient Medical
Care, P.C., LifeMD PC is the Company s affiliated variable interest entity in which we hold a controlling financial
interest. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

We
are a direct-to-patient telehealth company providing patients a high-quality, cost-effective, and convenient way of accessing comprehensive, virtual healthcare. We believe the traditional model of visiting a doctor s office, traveling to a local pharmacy, and
returning for follow up care or prescription refills is complex, inefficient, and costly, and discourages many
individuals from seeking much needed medical care. LifeMD is positioned to elevate the healthcare experience through telehealth with our proprietary
technology platform, affiliated provider network, broad treatment capabilities, and unique ability to nurture patient relationships. 

The LifeMD telehealth platform seamlessly integrates a clinician-centric
electronic medical record EMR system, proprietary algorithms for case-load balancing and scheduling, customer relationship
management CRM functionality, remote and in-home lab testing, and digital prescription capabilities, patient-provider
audio/video interfacing, cloud pharmacy fulfillment, and more. Our proprietary technology platform, combined with our 50-state affiliated
provider network, enables the management of virtual treatment offerings and complex patient journeys for hundreds of conditions spanning
men s and women s health, dermatology, urgent, and primary care, chronic care management and more. Our telehealth offerings
in general seek to connect patients to licensed providers for diagnoses, virtual care, and prescription medications when appropriate.
We also offer over-the-counter OTC products that are complementary to the conditions we treat. Our virtual primary care
services are primarily offered on a subscription basis. 

Our mission is to empower people to live healthier lives by increasing
access to high quality and affordable virtual and in-home healthcare. We believe our success has and will continue to be attributable
to an amazing patient experience, retaining the highest-quality providers in the industry, and our end-to-end technology platform. We
plan to build a diverse portfolio of differentiated telehealth service offerings that meet the needs of a growing and diversified patient
base. 

Since
inception, we have helped approximately 680,000 customers and patients, providing them greater access to high-quality, convenient, and
affordable care in all 50 states. Our telehealth revenue increased 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. Total revenue from recurring subscriptions is approximately 90 . In addition to our telehealth business, we own 73.64 
of WorkSimpli, which operates PDFSimpli, a rapidly growing software as a service platform for converting, signing, editing, and sharing
PDF documents. This business has seen 47 year-over-year revenue growth, with recurring revenue of 98 . 

Our
Platform and Business Strategy 

We
are a patient-centric telehealth company dedicated to delivering seamless end-to-end virtual healthcare to consumers. Our mission is
facilitated by our robust technology platform that is purpose-built to seamlessly connect the touchpoints involved in delivering complex
care, including scheduling for a national provider network, EMR capabilities, secure synchronous and asynchronous communication, digital
prescriptions, cloud pharmacy, and more. Our platform enables us to deliver modern personalized health experiences and offerings through
our websites and mobile applications, spanning customer discovery, purchase, and connection with licensed providers, to pharmacy and
OTC order fulfillment, through ongoing care. We believe that our seamless approach significantly reduces the complication, cost and time
burden of healthcare, incentivizing consumers to stick with our brands. 

Our
proprietary platform also facilitates and accelerates the development and launch of novel offerings throughout clinical protocol
establishment, marketing, and fulfillment. Our offerings are sold to consumers on a subscription basis thus creating convenience and
discounted pricing opportunities for patients and recurring revenue streams for the Company. Our offerings range from prescription medication
fulfilled on a recurring basis, to complementary OTC products, to ongoing care from a team of medical providers. In general, our
offerings seek to serve a patient from beginning to end, starting from brand or offering discovery to the medical intake and product
selection process, after which a licensed United States U.S. physician conducts a virtual consultation and determines a treatment plan. As
appropriate, prescription medications and OTC products are filled by pharmacy fulfillment partners, and if preferred, shipped
directly to the patient. The number of patients and customers we serve across the nation continues to increase at a robust pace,
with more than 680,000 individuals having purchased our products and services to date. 

Serving
as a robust CRM system, and with built in analytics and integrations with best-in-class performance marketing platforms, our platform
also enhances our ability to effectively and efficiently acquire new patients and customers and drive brand visibility through strategic
media placements, influencer partnerships, and direct response advertising methods across highly scalable marketing channels i.e .,
national TV, streaming TV, streaming audio, YouTube, podcasts, Out of Home, print, magazines, online search, social media, and digital). 

We
leverage our telehealth technology platform and services across the three core areas described below: 

Direct-to-Consumer
Virtual Primary Care 

In the first quarter of 2022, we launched our flagship virtual primary
care offering under the LifeMD brand, LifeMD PC. This offering provides patients in all 50 states with 24/7 access to an affiliated high-quality
provider for their primary care, urgent care, and chronic care needs. LifeMD s virtual primary care offering is a mobile-first full-service
destination that provides seamless access to high-quality clinical care including virtual consultations and treatment, prescription medications,
diagnostics, and imaging, wellness coaching and more. This offering is also supported by robust partnerships that provide our patients
benefits such as substantial discounts on lab work and a prescription discount card that can be presented at over 60,000 pharmacies to
save up to 92 on their prescription medication. 

4 

Direct-to-Patient
Telehealth 

We
also leverage our telehealth platform s provider network, cloud pharmacy, and EMR capabilities across our direct-to-patient telehealth
brands. Our telehealth brands RexMD, ShapiroMD, NavaMD, and Cleared address largely unaddressed or underserved needs and are leading
destinations in their respective treatment verticals of men s health, hair loss, dermatology, and immunology. 

RexMD is a men s telehealth platform brand that offers
access to virtual medical treatment for a variety of men s health needs. After treatment from an affiliated licensed physician,
if appropriate, one of our partner pharmacies will dispense and ship prescription medications and OTC products directly to the customer.
Since RexMD s initial launch in the erectile dysfunction treatment market, it has expanded into additional indications, including
but not limited to, premature ejaculation, testosterone, and hair loss. RexMD is a leading men s telehealth platform across the
U.S. and has served more than 390,000 customers and patients since inception with a 4.6-star Trustpilot rating. 

ShapiroMD offers access to virtual medical treatment, prescription
medications, patented doctor formulated OTC products, topical compounded medications, and Food and Drug Administration FDA approved medical devices treating male and female hair loss through our telehealth platform. ShapiroMD has emerged as a leading destination
for hair loss treatment across the U.S. and has served more than 260,000 customers and patients since inception with a 4.9-star Trustpilot
rating. 

NavaMD is a female-oriented, tele-dermatology brand that offers access to virtual medical treatment from dermatologists and other providers, and, if appropriate, prescription oral and compounded topical medications to treat dermatological conditions such as aging and acne. In addition to the brand s telehealth offerings, NavaMD s proprietary products leverage intellectual property and proprietary formulations licensed from Restorsea, a leading medical grade skincare technology platform. 

Cleared is a telehealth brand that provides personalized treatments
for allergy, asthma, and immunology. Offerings include in-home tests for both environmental and food allergies, prescriptions for allergies
and asthma, and FDA-approved immunotherapies for treating chronic allergies. Cleared leverages a network of affiliated medical professionals
and providers in all 50 states, various pharmaceutical partners, and treatments and tests that cost up to 50 percent less than the brand-name
competition. The offerings include free consultations, prescription medication, complementary OTC products, and ongoing care from U.S.-licensed
allergists and nurses. 

Enterprise
Telehealth Offerings 

Organizations
commercializing healthcare products face a challenging commercial landscape. Increased competition, shrinking market sizes and challenges
reaching patients via the traditional brick and mortar doctor are forcing pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostic companies to
rethink their commercial strategies and focus more on digital patient awareness and engagement initiatives. Spending on digital solutions
to facilitate greater access to their end markets accounts for one-third of their collective 30 billion commercial spend in the U.S.
We believe LifeMD s unique telehealth technology platform and virtual clinical expertise is well-positioned to address the unmet
needs of healthcare product companies as they relate to digital patient awareness, access to care, adherence and compliance. 

Majority
Owned Subsidiary: WorkSimpli 

WorkSimpli
operates PDFSimpli, an online software as a service platform that allows users to create, edit, convert, sign, and share PDF documents.
WorkSimpli was acquired through the purchase of 51 of the membership interests of WorkSimpli Software LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability
company, which operates a marketing-driven software solutions business. In addition to WorkSimpli s growth business model, this
acquisition added deep search engine optimization and search engine marketing expertise to the Company. On January 22, 2021, the Company
consummated a transaction and increased its ownership of WorkSimpli to 85.6 . Effective September 30, 2022, two option agreements were
exercised which further restructured the ownership of WorkSimpli. As a result, the Company s ownership interest in WorkSimpli decreased
to 73.64 . 

WorkSimpli
was ranked in the top 7,840 websites globally, with more than 40 million registrants. Since its launch, WorkSimpli has converted or edited
over 258 terabytes of documents for customers from the legal, financial, real-estate and academic sectors. WorkSimpli had over 167,000
active subscriptions as of December 31, 2022. 

5 

Customers 

Our
customer base includes men and women seeking virtual primary care and virtual medical treatment for hair loss, men s sexual health
issues, dermatology, and allergy and asthma. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of net sales for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
have achieved rapid growth since our transformation into a healthcare focused company in 2018, with a compounded annual growth rate in
revenue of nearly 112 since 2019 and growth of 28 in 2022 as compared to 2021. We believe this validates our significant long-term
investments in developing our human capital, technology, brand-awareness, omni-channel marketing, and operations infrastructure. We will
continue to make wise investments in differentiated telehealth service offerings and in initiatives that will enhance the experience
our patients have with our platform. 

As a
result of this focused investment in the customer experience, including allocation of additional resources and expertise, we expect customer
repurchase rates and overall customer retention to strengthen. While we are proud of our accomplishments to date, we believe the most
exciting opportunities for our growth story are ahead of us, and we intend to focus in the following areas to help us achieve this growth. 

There
remains a large underserved market within primary care, hair loss, erectile dysfunction, men s and women s health,
dermatology, as well as allergies and asthma into which we intend to continue to aggressively scale in 2023 and beyond. We plan to
continue to build a robust operational infrastructure to enable us to not only provide better patient care but also drive better
unit economics for our business. 

Competition 

The markets we sell into are large and highly competitive. Numerous online
brands compete with us for customers throughout the U.S. and internationally in virtual primary care, men s and women s health,
dermatology, and allergy. We also compete with traditional mass merchandisers, drug store chains, and independent pharmacies. Key to retaining
and growing our position in the market is taking a patient-centric approach to telehealth, with a strong emphasis on the quality-of-care
we deliver to our patients. Our human capital and know-how, proprietary technology platform, and unique product offerings represent meaningful
strengths that we believe will enable us to maintain and grow our market-leading position in the U.S. 

6 

Our
key competitive strengths include: 

High-Quality
Care 

Our telehealth platform is designed to give patients more control over
their healthcare spending, greater convenience in how and when they pursue or receive care, and better outcomes as hurdles to healthcare
services are removed for the care or medications they need. We are committed to delivering exceptional care that is convenient and affordable.
This is achieved through our provider network, including affiliated, full-time doctors and nurse practitioners, in addition to a dedicated
patient care center launched in November 2020 and staffed by LifeMD employees. The patient care center includes approximately 114 employees
and is led by an experienced operations and customer experience team. We believe the hands-on capabilities of the patient care center,
supported by our technology platform, will continue to drive high levels of patient satisfaction like we see today. 

Technology
Platform 

Our telehealth technology platform is continually optimized as we scale,
and this flexible infrastructure can be repurposed for any variety of existing or future telehealth offerings. Further, this platform
allows for rapid development and scale of new telehealth offerings as we identify attractive opportunities. Additional key capabilities
of this platform include proprietary staffing algorithms for case-load balancing, full CRM functionality, integration with an affiliated
50 state physician network, national third-party pharmacy network, fully integrated EMR system, synchronous and asynchronous communications,
and more. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
regard our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, and similar intellectual property
as important to our success, and we rely on trademark and copyright law, trade-secret protection and confidentiality, patents, and/or
license agreements with our employees, customers, partners and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have licensed in the past,
and expect that we may license in the future, certain proprietary rights, technologies or copyrighted materials from third-parties, and
we rely on those third-parties to defend their proprietary rights, copyrights, and technologies. 

From time-to-time, we register our principal brand names in the U.S. and
certain foreign countries. Our material trademarks include ShapiroMD Hair Growth Experts and Cleared .
Trademark applications have been filed and are being prosecuted for RexMD, LifeMD and NavaMD. The steps we take to protect our proprietary
rights in our brand names may not be adequate to prevent the misappropriation of our brand names in the U.S. or abroad. Existing trademark
laws afford only limited practical protection for our product lines. The laws and the level of enforcement of such laws in certain foreign
countries where we market our products often do not protect our proprietary rights in our products to the same extent as the laws of the
U.S. 

7 

We have
two U.S. patents relating to our Shapiro MD products method for treatment of hair loss with a combination of natural ingredients
with one granted on March 24, 2015 and the other on January 3, 2017. In order to protect the confidentiality of our intellectual property,
including trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary technical and business information, it is our policy to limit access to such
information to those who require access in order to perform their functions and to enter into agreements with employees, consultants,
and vendors to contractually protect such information. 

Manufacturing
and Supply Chain 

We
use third parties to manufacture and package our OTC products according to the formulas and packaging guidelines we dictate. In order
to minimize costs, we may elect to purchase raw or bulk materials directly from our suppliers and have them shipped to our manufacturers
so that we may incur only tableting, encapsulating, and/or packaging costs and avoid the additional costs associated with purchasing
the finished product. 

Government
and Environmental Regulation 

FDA
and Federal Trade Commission FTC 

Our
business is heavily regulated by the FDA and the FTC. The FDA enforces the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA and Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act DSHEA as they pertain to foods, food ingredients, cosmetics and dietary
supplement production and marketing. Dietary supplements are regulated as a category of food, not as drugs. We are not required to obtain
FDA pre-market approval to sell our dietary supplement products in the U.S. under current laws. Our OTC hair loss products are
regulated as cosmetics under the FDCA. 

The FDA imposes Good Manufacturing Practice GMP guidelines
to ensure that prescription drugs and dietary supplements are produced in a quality manner, do not contain contaminants or impurities,
and are accurately labeled. GMP guidelines include requirements for establishing quality control procedures, designing, and constructing
manufacturing plants, testing ingredients and finished products, record keeping, and handling of consumer product complaints. The FDA
has broad authority to enforce the provisions of federal law applicable to prescription drugs, dietary supplements and cosmetics, including
the power to monitor claims made in product labeling, to seize adulterated or misbranded products or unapproved new drugs, to request
product recall, and to issue warning letters. FDA also may refer cases to the Department of Justice to enjoin further manufacture or sale
of a product, to issue warning letters, and to institute criminal proceedings. 

Advertising
and product claims regarding the efficacy of products are also regulated by the FTC. The FTC regulates the advertising of dietary supplements,
cosmetics and other health-related products to ensure that any advertising is truthful and not misleading, and that an advertiser maintains
adequate substantiation for all product claims. FTC-launched enforcement actions may result in consent decrees, cease and desist orders,
judicial injunctions and the payment of fines with respect to advertising claims that are found to be unsubstantiated. 

Under
current U.S. regulations, our products must comply with certain labeling requirements enforced by the FDA and FTC, but otherwise generally
are not required to receive regulatory approval prior to introduction into the U.S. market. We believe we are in compliance with all
material government regulations applicable to our products. 

In
addition to the foregoing, our operations and those of our partners are subject to federal, state and local government laws and regulations,
including those relating to the practice of medicine, telehealth and the prescribing of prescription medications. We believe we are in
substantial compliance with all material governmental regulations applicable to our operations. 

Data
Privacy and Security Laws 

The
data we collect and process is an integral part of our products and services, allowing us to ensure our prices are accurate and relevant,
and reach and advertise to consumers with savings information. We collect and may use personal information to help run our business (including
for analytical and marketing purposes) and to communicate and otherwise reach our consumers. In some instances, we may use third party
service providers to assist us in the above. 

We
endeavor to treat our consumers data with respect and maintain consumer trust. We provide consumers options designed to allow
them to control the use and disclosure of their data, such as allowing consumers to opt out of any marketing requests, opt out of the
use of marketing cookies, pixels and technologies on our platform, and request deletion of their data. 

Since
we receive, use, transmit, disclose and store personally identifiable information, including health-related information, we are subject
to numerous state and federal laws and regulations that address privacy, data protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer,
disclosure and protection of certain types of data. Such regulations include the CAN-SPAM Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act
of 1991, the criminal healthcare fraud provisions of the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended
by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, HITECH ), and their implementing regulations,
which we collectively refer to as HIPAA, Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ).
The CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California
consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Similar legislation has been proposed
or adopted in other states. Aspects of the CCPA and these other state laws and regulations, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear,
and we may be required to modify our practices in an effort to comply with them. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy
Rights Act CPRA ), was passed on November 3, 2020 and became effective on January 1, 2023, with a look-back to January
2022. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty. 

8 

Additionally,
the FTC, and many state attorneys general are interpreting existing federal and state consumer protection laws to impose evolving standards
for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of health-related and other personal information. Courts may also adopt the
standards for fair information practices promulgated by the FTC, which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer
protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and choices individuals may have about
the way we handle their personal information. If such information that we publish is considered untrue, we may be subject to government
claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to
the FTC violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information
secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. 

In
addition, HIPAA, which we believe does not currently apply to most of our business as currently operated, imposes on entities within
its jurisdiction, among other things, certain standards relating to the privacy, security, transmission and breach reporting of individually
identifiable health information. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as the result of a breach of unsecured protected
health information, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ),
may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations
if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. 

Healthcare
Fraud and Abuse Laws 

Although
the consumers who use our offerings do so outside of any medication or other health benefits covered under their health insurance, including
any commercial or government healthcare program, we may nonetheless be subject to a number of federal and state healthcare regulatory
laws that restrict business practices in the healthcare industry. These laws include, but are not limited to, federal and state anti-kickback,
false claims, and other healthcare fraud and abuse laws. 

The
U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying,
soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing,
leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable,
in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge
of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The majority of states also have anti-kickback
laws, which establish similar prohibitions, and in some cases may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including
commercial insurers and self-pay patients. 

The
federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting,
or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious, or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, knowingly
making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government,
or knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. A claim
includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Actions under the civil False Claims
Act may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual in the name of the government. Moreover, a
claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 

In
addition, the civil monetary penalties statute, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits, among other things, the offer or transfer of
remuneration, including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), to a Medicare or state healthcare program
beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider,
practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program. 

The
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among
other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including
private third party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a
criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or
making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the
statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

9 

Violations
of fraud and abuse laws, including federal and state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions,
including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid),
disgorgement and corporate integrity agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on
companies. Similar sanctions and penalties, as well as imprisonment, also can be imposed upon executive officers and employees of such
companies. 

State
Licensing Requirements 

Certain
states have enacted laws regulating companies that offer and market discount medical plans, including prescription drug plans, subscription
membership programs, or discount cards, such as our prescription offering. These state laws are intended to protect consumers from fraudulent,
unfair, or deceptive marketing, sales and enrollment practices by such plans. It is possible that other states may enact new requirements
or interpret existing requirements to include our programs. Failure to obtain the required licenses, certifications or registrations
to offer and market these subscription discount programs may result in civil penalties, receipt of cease-and-desist orders, or a restructuring
of our operations. 

State
Corporate Practice of Medicine and Fee Splitting Laws 

With
respect to our telehealth platform, we contract with our physician-owned professional corporation, LifeMD PC, to deliver our telehealth
offerings to its patients in the U.S. We entered into a management services agreement with LifeMD PC pursuant to which we provide
them with billing, scheduling and a wide range of other services, and they pay us for those services. In addition, our platform enables
consumers to opt in to use our prescription offering and/or fill their prescriptions through a third-party mail-order pharmacy. These
relationships are subject to various state laws, which are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing
the physician s professional judgment and prohibiting the sharing of professional services income with non-professional or business
interests. These laws vary from state to state and are subject to broad interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. A determination
of non-compliance could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our providers, civil or criminal penalties,
receipt of cease-and-desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, or a restructuring of our arrangements with our
affiliated professional entities. 

Human
Capital 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed 220 employees, of which 199 were full-time, 4 were part-time, and 17 were temporary employees. Of our
total employees, 114 were based at our patient care center in Greenville, SC. We use the services of consultants and third-party service
providers, where needed. None of our employees are represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not
experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

We
expect headcount to continue to grow in the future, especially as we continue to focus on recruiting employees in technical functions,
in various functions related to our operations as a publicly traded company, and to support our continued growth. We pride ourselves
on hiring people who not only have the skills required to perform their respective roles, but also share in the Company s mission. 

To
attract and retain key personnel, we use various measures, including an equity incentive program for key executive officers and other
employees. We also provide comprehensive benefits, including health insurance for employees and dependents, 401(k) match for employees
and unlimited paid time off for exempt employees. In managing our business, we strive to develop and implement policies and programs
that support our business goals, maintain competitiveness, promote shared fiscal responsibility among the Company and our employees,
strategically align talent within our organization and reward performance, while also managing the costs of such policies and programs.
Our employees are supported with training to ensure compliance with our policies. We adhere to our business code of conduct, which sets
forth a commitment to our stakeholders, including our employees, to operate with integrity and mutual respect. 

Corporate
History 

LifeMD,
Inc. was formed in the State of Delaware on May 24, 1994, under our prior name, Immudyne, Inc. We changed our name to Conversion Labs,
Inc. on June 22, 2018 and then subsequently, on February 19, 2021, we changed our name to LifeMD, Inc. Further, in connection with changing
our name, we changed our trading symbol to LFMD. 

Available
Information 

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other reports and amendments to these reports
that we file with or furnish to the SEC at their website, www.sec.gov, are also available free of charge at our website, https://ir.lifemd.com/,
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these reports with, or furnish these reports to the SEC. The content of
this website is not part of this Annual Report. 

Any
of these reports or documents may also be obtained by writing to: Investor Relations; c/o LifeMD, Inc., 236 Fifth Avenue, Suite 400,
New York, NY 10001. 

10 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to our Business and Industry 

We
have generated net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, we have not yet achieved profitability, and we may not be
able to achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
have incurred net losses on an annual basis since our inception. We incurred net losses of 45.0 million and 61.3 million in the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had total stockholders deficit of approximately 11.9 million as of December
31, 2022. We expect our costs will increase substantially in the foreseeable future and we expect our losses will continue as we expect
to invest significant additional funds towards growing our platform, growing our provider network, enhancing our pharmacy fulfillment
system, and operating as a public company and as we continue to invest in increasing our customer base, hiring additional employees,
and developing new products and technological capabilities to enhance our customers experience on our platform. These efforts
may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these
higher expenses. To date, we have financed our operations principally from the sale of our equity, revenue from our platform, and the
incurrence of indebtedness. 

Our
cash flows from operations were negative for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We may not generate positive cash flows from
operations or achieve profitability in any given period, and our limited operating history may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and our future prospects. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve profitability, on either a quarterly or annual
basis, or that profitability, if achieved, will be sustained. Our ability to meet our long-term business objectives likely will be dependent
upon establishing increased cash flow from operations or securing other sources of financing. If our losses continue, however, our liquidity
may be severely impaired, our stock price may fall, and our stockholders may lose all or a significant portion of their investment. 

We
have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing
and highly regulated industries, including increasing expenses as we continue to grow our business. If we are not able to achieve or
maintain positive cash flow in the long term, we may require additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at
all and/or which would be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter
them, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Our
limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases
the risk of your investment. 

Our
limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and plan for
our future growth. We began offering direct to consumer products and services in 2016. Since that time, our business has expanded and
we have increased the ways that we can address customer needs. We have encountered and will continue to encounter significant risks and
uncertainties frequently experienced by new and growing companies in rapidly changing and heavily regulated industries, such as attracting
new customers and healthcare providers (sometimes referred to herein as providers ), to our platform, retaining our customers
and encouraging them to utilize new offerings we make available, increasing the number of conditions that can be treated by providers
through our platform, competition from other companies, whether online healthcare providers or traditional healthcare providers, hiring,
integrating, training and retaining skilled personnel, verifying the identity of customers and credentials of providers serving our customers,
developing new solutions, determining prices for our solutions, unforeseen expenses, challenges in forecasting accuracy, and new or adverse
regulatory developments affecting the use of telehealth, pharmaceutical products, or other aspects of the healthcare industry. If our
assumptions regarding these and other similar risks and uncertainties that relate to our business, which we use to plan our business,
are incorrect or change as we gain more experience operating our platform or expand into the treatment of new conditions, or if we do
not address these challenges successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our
business could suffer. Similar risks apply to our subsidiary cloud-based software as a service business that is exposed to many of the
risks typically experienced by a new and growing company including ability to attract new customers, entrance of competitors, and other
risk factors. 

The
telehealth market is immature and volatile, and if it does not develop, if it develops more slowly than we expect, if it encounters negative
publicity, or if our solution does not drive customer engagement, the growth of our business will be harmed. 

With
respect to our telehealth services, the telehealth market is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve
and sustain high levels of demand, consumer acceptance and market adoption. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has increased utilization
of telehealth services, but it is uncertain whether such increase in demand will continue. Our success will depend to a substantial extent
on the willingness of our customers to use, and to increase the frequency and extent of their utilization of, our telehealth platform,
as well as on our ability to continue to grow our existing business and expand into new indications. Negative publicity concerning our
platform or brands, or the telehealth market as a whole, could limit market acceptance of our offerings. If our customers do not perceive
the benefits of our telehealth products and services, or if our products do not drive customer retention, then our market may not develop,
or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, individual and healthcare industry concerns, negative publicity regarding patient
confidentiality and privacy in the context of telehealth, and resistance from third party payors could limit market acceptance of our
healthcare services. If any of these events occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

11 

If
we are unable to expand the scope of our offerings, including the number and type of products and services that we offer, the number
and quality of healthcare providers serving our customers, and the number and types of conditions capable of being treated through our
platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
provide customers with access to non-prescription products, telehealth-based medical consultations with providers, and applicable pharmaceutical
products prescribed by the providers for specific medical conditions. In order for our business to continue growing and expanding, we
need to continue expanding the scope of products and services we offer our customers, including telehealth consultations and prescription
and non-prescription medication for additional conditions. The introduction of new products, services, or technologies by market participants,
including us, can quickly make existing products and services offered by us obsolete and unmarketable. Additionally, changes in laws
and regulations (or enforcement thereof) could impact the usefulness of our platform and could necessitate changes or modifications to
our platform or offerings to accommodate such changes. We invest substantial resources in researching and developing new offerings and
enhancing our solutions by incorporating additional features, improving functionality, and adding other improvements to meet our customers 
evolving demands. The success of any enhancements or improvements to our services or any new offerings depends on a number of factors,
including timely completion, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with new and existing technologies, and overall
market acceptance. We may not succeed in developing, marketing, and delivering on a timely and cost-effective basis enhancements or improvements
to our services or any new offerings that respond to continued changes in market demands or new customer requirements, and any enhancements
or improvements to our services or any new offerings may not achieve market acceptance. Since developing enhancements to our services
and the launch of new offerings can be complex, the timetable for the release of new offerings and enhancements to our existing services
is difficult to predict, and we may not launch new offerings and updates as rapidly as our current or prospective customers require or
expect. Any new offerings or service enhancements that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain
errors or defects, or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. Moreover, even if we introduce
new offerings, we may experience a decline in revenue of our existing offerings that is not offset by revenue from the new offerings.
In addition, we may lose existing customers who choose a competitor s products and services. This could result in a temporary or
permanent revenue shortfall and adversely affect our business. 

If
we are unable to successfully market to new customers and retain existing customers, or if evolving privacy, healthcare, or other laws
prevent or limit our marketing activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 

We
generate revenue from our platform by selling non-prescription health and personal care products directly to consumers and offering consumers
access to telehealth consultations with providers and certain prescription medications that may be prescribed by the providers in connection
with the telehealth consultations. Unless we are able to acquire new customers, and retain existing customers, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 

In
order to acquire new customers and patients, and to incentivize existing customers and patients to purchase more of our offerings, we
use social media platforms, search engine marketing, emails, text messages, our Patient Care Center, influencers, and many other online
and offline marketing strategies to reach new customers and patients. State and federal laws and regulations governing the privacy and
security of personal information, including healthcare data, are evolving rapidly and could impact our ability to identify and market
to potential and existing customers. Similarly, certain federal and state laws regulate, and in some cases limit, the use of discounts,
promotions, and other marketing strategies in the healthcare industry. If federal, state, or local laws governing our marketing activities
become more restrictive or are interpreted by governmental authorities to prohibit or limit these activities, our ability to attract
new customers and retain customers would be affected and our business could be materially harmed. In addition, any failure, or perceived
failure, by us, to comply with any federal, state, or local laws or regulations governing our marketing activities could adversely affect
our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers,
suppliers, or others, or other liabilities or may require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain marketing strategies. 

Changes
to social networking or advertising platforms terms of use, terms of service, or traffic algorithms that limit promotional communications,
impose restrictions that would limit our ability or our customers ability to send communications through their platforms, disruptions,
or downtime experienced by these platforms or reductions in the use of or engagement with social networking or advertising platforms
by customers and potential customers could also harm our business. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these
channels, the failure by us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the
use of these channels could adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. In addition, our employees or
third parties acting at our direction may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that could lead to the loss or
infringement of intellectual property, as well as the public disclosure of proprietary, confidential or sensitive personal information
of our business, employees, consumers, or others. Any such inappropriate use of social media, emails and text messages could also cause
reputational damage and adversely affect our business. 

12 

Our
revenue growth depends on consumers willingness to adopt our products, and the failure of our offerings to achieve and maintain
market acceptance could result in us achieving revenue below our expectations, which could cause our business, financial condition, and
results of operation to be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of our products, and we are subject to a risk of any reduced demand for our
products. If the market for our products does not gain broad market acceptance or develops more slowly than we expect, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. 

Our
current business strategy is highly dependent on our platform and offerings achieving and maintaining market acceptance. Market acceptance
and adoption of our model and the products and services we make available depend on educating potential customers who may find our services
and these products and services useful, as well as potential partners, suppliers, and providers, as to the distinct features, ease-of-use,
positive lifestyle impact, cost savings, and other perceived benefits of our offerings as compared to those of competitors. If we are
not successful in demonstrating to existing and potential customers the benefits of our services, our revenue may decline or we may fail
to increase our revenue in line with our forecasts. 

Our
business model and the services and products we make available may be perceived by potential customers, providers, suppliers, and partners
to be less trustworthy or effective than traditional medical care or competitive telehealth options, and people may be unwilling to change
their current health regimens or adopt our offerings. Consumers who have healthcare insurance coverage may not wish to use the platform
to access healthcare services or products for which insurance reimbursement is not available. Moreover, we believe that providers can
be slow to change their treatment practices or approaches because of perceived liability risks or distrust of departures from traditional
practice. Accordingly, we may face resistance to our offerings from brick-and-mortar providers until there is overwhelming evidence to
convince them to alter their current approach. 

The
market for our model and services is new, rapidly evolving, and increasingly competitive, as the healthcare industry in the U.S.
is undergoing significant structural change and consolidation, which makes it difficult to forecast demand for our solutions. 

Negative
publicity concerning telehealth generally, our offerings, customer success on our platform, or our market as a whole could limit market
acceptance of our business model and services. If our customers do not perceive the benefits of our offerings, or if our offerings do
not drive customer use and enrollment, then our market and our customer base may not continue to develop, or they may develop more slowly
than we expect. Our success depends in part on the willingness of providers and healthcare organizations to partner with us, increase
their use of telehealth, and our ability to demonstrate the value of our technology to providers, as well as our existing and potential
customers. If providers, healthcare organizations or regulators work in opposition to us or if we are unable to reduce healthcare costs
or drive positive health outcomes for our customers, then the market for our services may not continue to develop, or it might develop
more slowly than we expect. Similarly, negative publicity regarding customer confidentiality and privacy in the context of telehealth
could limit market acceptance of our business model and services. Additionally, the majority of our revenue is driven by products and
services offered through our platform on a subscription basis, and the adoption of subscription business models is still relatively new,
especially in the healthcare industry. If customers do not shift to subscription business models and subscription health management tools
do not achieve widespread adoption, or if there is a reduction in demand for subscription products and services or subscription health
management tools, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Competitive
platforms or other technological breakthroughs for the monitoring, treatment, or prevention of medical conditions may adversely affect
demand for our offerings. 

Our
ability to achieve our strategic objectives will depend, among other things, on our ability to enable fast and efficient telehealth consultations,
maintain comprehensive and affordable offerings, and deliver an accessible and reliable platform that is more appealing and user-friendly
than available alternatives. Our competitors, as well as a number of other companies and providers, within and outside the healthcare
industry, are pursuing new devices, delivery technologies, sensing technologies, procedures, treatments, drugs, and other therapies for
the monitoring and treatment of medical conditions. Any technological breakthroughs in monitoring, treatment, or prevention of medical
conditions that we could not similarly leverage could reduce the potential market for our offerings, which could significantly reduce
our revenue and our potential to grow certain aspects of our business. 

The
introduction by competitors of solutions or offerings that are or claim to be superior to our platform or offerings may create market
confusion, which may make it difficult for potential customers to differentiate between the benefits of our offerings and competitive
solutions. In addition, the entry of multiple new products may lead some of our competitors to employ pricing strategies that could adversely
affect the pricing of products and services we make available. If a competitor develops a product or business that competes with, or
is perceived to be superior to our offerings, or if a competitor employs strategies that place downward pressure on pricing within our
industry, our revenue may decline significantly or may not increase in line with our forecasts, either of which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

13 

We
operate in highly competitive markets and face competition from large, well-established healthcare providers and more traditional retailers
and pharmaceutical providers with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

The
markets for healthcare are intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product and technological
introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We compete directly not only with other established telehealth providers
but also traditional healthcare providers, pharmacies, and large retailers that sell non-prescription products, including, for example,
nutritional supplements, vitamins, and hair care treatments. Our current competitors include traditional healthcare providers expanding
into the telehealth market, incumbent telehealth providers, as well as new entrants into our market that are focused on direct-to-consumer
healthcare. Our competitors include enterprise-focused companies who may enter the direct-to-consumer healthcare industry, as well as
direct-to-consumer healthcare providers. Many of our current and potential competitors may have greater name and brand recognition, longer
operating histories, significantly greater resources than we do, and may be able to offer products and services similar to those offered
on our platform at more attractive prices than we can. Further, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties
with greater available resources, which has recently occurred in our industry. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more
quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or customer requirements and may have
the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. In addition, our competitors have established, and may in the future
establish, cooperative relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies, or services to increase the availability of
their solutions in the marketplace. 

New
competitors or alliances may emerge that have greater market share, a larger customer base, more widely adopted proprietary technologies,
greater marketing expertise, and greater financial resources, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. For example, some state
and federal regulatory authorities lowered certain barriers to the practice of telehealth in order to make remote healthcare services
more accessible in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although it is unclear whether these regulatory changes will be permanent or that
they will have a long-term impact on the adoption of telehealth services by the general public or legislative and regulatory authorities,
these changes may result in greater competition for our business. The lower barriers to entry may allow various new competitors to enter
the market more quickly and cost effectively than before the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has
introduced many new users to telehealth and further reinforced its benefits to potential competitors. We believe this may drive additional
industry consolidation or collaboration involving competitors that may create competitors with greater resources and access to potential
customers. The COVID-19 pandemic may also cause various traditional healthcare providers to evaluate and eventually pursue telehealth
options that can be paired with their in-person capabilities. These industry changes could better position our competitors to serve certain
segments of our current or future markets, which could create additional price pressure. In light of these factors, even if our offerings
are more effective than those of our competitors, current or potential customers may accept competitive solutions in lieu of purchasing
from us. If we are unable to successfully compete with existing and potential competitors, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we fail
to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or adequately address
competitive challenges. 

We
have recently experienced a period of rapid growth in our headcount and operations. Our revenue grew from 92.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021 to 119.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our number of full-time employees has increased significantly
over the last few years, from 56 employees as of December 31, 2020 to 199 employees as of December 31, 2022. 

We
anticipate that we will continue to significantly expand our operations and headcount in the near term as we continue to scale domestically.
We also anticipate entering the international market to meet perceived demand for our offerings. We are continually executing a number
of growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans designed to enhance our business. The anticipated benefits from these efforts are
based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete these growth initiatives,
strategies and operating plans and realize all of the benefits, including growth targets and cost savings, that we expect to achieve,
or it may be more costly to do so than we anticipate. 

This
growth has placed, and future growth will place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure.
Our success will depend in part on our ability to manage this growth effectively and execute our business plan. To manage the expected
growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls, and
our reporting systems and procedures, and we will need to ensure that we maintain high levels of patient care and support. Failure to
effectively manage growth and execute our business plan could result in difficulty or delays in increasing the size of our customer base,
declines in quality of patient care, support, or satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new products or features,
or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could adversely affect our business performance and results of operations. 

We
face risk that may arise from acquisitions and investments, which could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful
consequences that may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, if we are not able
to identify and successfully acquire suitable businesses, our results of operations and prospects could be harmed. 

We
may pursue inorganic methods of growth, including strategic acquisitions and mergers in the future, to add complementary or strategic
companies, products, solutions, technologies, or revenue. These transactions could be material to our results of operations and financial
condition. We also expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions.
The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to complete
acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology may create unforeseen
operating difficulties and expenditures. 

14 

Future
acquisitions could also result in expenditures of significant cash, dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt,
restrictions on our business, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial
condition. In addition, any acquisitions we announce could be viewed negatively by customers, providers, partners, suppliers, or investors. 

Additionally,
competition within our industry for acquisitions of business, technologies, and assets may become intense. Even if we are able to identify
an acquisition that we would like to consummate, we may not be able to complete the acquisition on commercially reasonable terms or the
target may be acquired by another company. We may enter into negotiations for acquisitions that are not ultimately consummated. Those
negotiations could result in diversion of management time and significant out-of-pocket costs. If we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions
successfully, we may not be able to realize the benefits of these acquisitions, and our results of operations could be harmed. If we
are unable to successfully address any of these risks, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be harmed. 

Expansion
into international markets can be a driver of long-term growth, when we expand into international markets, we will face additional business,
political, legal, regulatory, operational, financial, and economic risks, any of which could increase our costs and hinder such growth. 

Expanding
our business to attract customers, providers, and suppliers in countries other than the U.S. is an opportunity for growth for
us going-forward. An important part of targeting international markets is increasing our brand awareness and establishing relationships
with partners internationally. 

Our
ability to expand our business and to attract talented employees, customers, providers, partners, and suppliers in various international
markets will require considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly
growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute resolution systems, regulatory
systems, and commercial infrastructures. Entering new international markets will be expensive, our ability to successfully gain market
acceptance in any particular market is uncertain and the distraction of our senior management team could harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Economic
uncertainty or downturns, particularly as it impacts particular industries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

In
recent years, the U.S. and other significant markets have experienced inflationary pressures and cyclical downturns, and worldwide
economic conditions remain uncertain. This has been the case in 2022. Economic uncertainty and associated macroeconomic conditions make
it extremely difficult for our partners, suppliers, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could cause
our customers to slow spending on our offerings and could limit the ability of our pharmacy partners to purchase sufficient quantities
of pharmaceutical products from suppliers, which could adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and attract new providers. 

Inflationary
pressures may lead to increases in the cost of our products, freight, overhead costs or wage rates and may adversely affect our operating
results. Sustained inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross profit if we
are unable to offset such higher costs through price increases. 

A
significant downturn in the domestic or global economy may cause our customers to pause, delay, or cancel spending on our platform or
seek to lower their costs by exploring alternative providers or our competitors. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived
by customers and potential customers as discretionary, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general
healthcare spending. Also, competitors may respond to challenging market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our
customers. 

We
cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or any subsequent recovery generally, or in any particular
industry. If the conditions in the general economy and the markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has increased interest in and customer use of telehealth solutions, including our platform, and we cannot guarantee
that this increased interest will continue after the pandemic. 

The
World Health Organization declared a global emergency on January 30, 2020 with respect to the outbreak of COVID-19 and then characterized
it as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The outbreak has spread globally, causing companies and various local, state, federal, and international
jurisdictions to impose restrictions, such as quarantines, closures, cancellations, and travel restrictions. The duration of the business
disruptions, travel restrictions and related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. As the COVID-19 pandemic is
ongoing, the complete impact of the pandemic is still unknown and rapidly evolving. 

15 

Due
to COVID-19, telehealth has seen a steep increase in use across the industry, in part due to governmental waivers of statutory and regulatory
restrictions that have historically limited how telehealth may be used in delivering care in certain jurisdictions. We do not know if
this relaxation of regulatory barriers resulting from COVID-19 will remain or for how long. There is renewed focus on telehealth among
legislatures and regulators due to COVID-19 and the expanded use of telehealth that could result in regulatory changes inconsistent with
or that place additional restrictions on our current business model or operations in certain jurisdictions. If customer adoption of telehealth
generally, or our platform in particular materially decreases as the COVID-19 restrictions are lifted, or if COVID-19 results in regulatory
changes that limit our current activities, our industry, business, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet and mobile networks. 

Our
ability to deliver our internet-based and mobile-application based services depends on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure
of the internet by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth
capacity, and security. Our services are designed to operate without interruption. However, we may experience future interruptions and
delays in services and availability from time to time. In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of our systems
or those of our service providers, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could negatively impact our relationship
with customers, providers, partners, and suppliers. 

We
also rely on software licensed from third parties in order to offer our services. These licenses are generally commercially available
on varying terms. However, it is possible that this software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at
all. Any loss of the right to use any of this software could result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology
is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated. Furthermore, our use of additional or alternative
third-party software would require us to enter into license agreements with third parties, and integration of our software with new third-party
software may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. Also, any undetected errors or defects
in third-party software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our software, delay new updates or enhancements to
our solution, result in a failure of our solution, and injure our reputation. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have
an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Any
disruption of service at Amazon Web Services, partner pharmacies or other third-party service providers could interrupt access to our
platform or delay our customers ability to seek treatment. 

We
currently host our platform, serve our customers, and support our operations in the U.S. using Amazon Web Services AWS ),
a provider of cloud infrastructure services, as well as through partner pharmacies and other third-party service providers, including
shipping providers and contract manufacturers. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of partner pharmacies, AWS,
or other third-party service providers. Such facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods,
fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, and similar events. The occurrence of a
natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems
could result in lengthy interruptions in our ability to generate revenue through customer purchases on the platform. The facilities also
could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, and other misconduct. Our platform s
continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success. Because our platform is used by our customers to engage with providers
who can diagnose, manage, and treat medical conditions, and pharmacies who can fulfill and ship prescription medication, it is critical
that our platform be accessible without interruption or degradation of performance. Customers may become dissatisfied by any system failure
that interrupts our ability to provide our platform or access to the products and services offered through our platform to them. Outages
and partner pharmacy closures could lead to claims of damages from our customers, providers, partners, suppliers, and others. We may
not be able to easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider if there are disruptions or interference with our use of AWS.
Sustained or repeated system failures could reduce the attractiveness of our offerings to customers and result in contract terminations,
thereby reducing revenue. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation and may adversely
impact use of our platform. We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as
a result of any events that cause interruptions in our platform. Thus, any such disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. 

None
of our partner pharmacies, shipping providers, contract manufacturers, nor AWS have an obligation to renew their agreements with us on
commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreements with these third-party service providers on commercially
reasonable terms, if our agreements with these providers are prematurely terminated, we may experience costs or downtime in connection
with the transfer to, or the addition of, such new providers. If these third-party service providers were to increase the cost of their
services, we may have to increase the price of our offerings, and our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

16 

We
depend on a number of other companies to perform functions critical to our ability to operate our platform, generate revenue from customers,
and to perform many of the related functions. 

We
depend on LifeMD PC and their providers to deliver quality healthcare consultations and services through our platform. Through our platform,
providers are able to prescribe medication fulfilled by a partner pharmacy. Any interruption in the availability of a sufficient number
of providers or supply from our partner pharmacies could materially and adversely affect our ability to satisfy our customers and ensure
they receive consultation services and any medication that they have been prescribed. If we were to lose our relationship with LifeMD
PC, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to ensure access to a sufficient network of providers. Similarly, if we were to lose our
relationship with one of our partner pharmacies in the near term, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to find, diligence, and engage
with a replacement partner in a timely manner. Our ability to service customer requirements could be materially impaired or interrupted
in the event that our relationship with LifeMD PC or partner pharmacy is terminated. We also depend on cloud infrastructure providers,
payment processors, suppliers of non-prescription products and packaging, and various others that allow our platform to function effectively
and serve the needs of our customers. Difficulties with our significant partners and suppliers, regardless of the reason, could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
payments system depends on third party service providers and is subject to evolving laws and regulations. 

We
have engaged third-party service providers to perform underlying card processing and currency exchange. If these service providers do
not perform adequately or if our relationships with these service providers were to terminate, our ability to accept orders through the
platform could be adversely affected and our business could be harmed. In addition, if these service providers increase the fees they
charge us, our operating expenses could increase and if we respond by increasing the fees we charge to our customers, we could lose some
of our customers. 

The
laws and regulations related to payments are complex and vary across different jurisdictions in the U.S. and globally. As a
result, we are required to spend significant time and effort to comply with those laws and regulations. Any failure or claim of our failure
to comply, or any failure by our third-party service providers to comply, could cost us substantial resources, could result in liabilities,
or could force us to stop offering third-party payment systems. As we expand the availability of payments via third parties or offer
new payment methods to our customers in the future, we may become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements. 

Further,
through our agreement with our third-party credit card processor, we are indirectly subject to payment card association operating rules,
and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. We are also subject to rules governing electronic
funds transfers. Any change in these rules and requirements could make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. Any such difficulties
or failures with respect to the payment systems we utilize may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
depend on our talent to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, integrate, develop, motivate, and retain our personnel,
we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our
success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management in marketing, engineering, operations, healthcare,
regulatory, legal, finance and support functions. Competition for qualified employees is intense in our industry, and the loss of even
a few qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned
expansion of our business could harm our results of operations and impair our ability to grow. To attract and retain key personnel, we
use various measures, including an equity incentive program for key executive officers and other employees. These measures may not be
enough to attract and retain the personnel we require to operate our business effectively. 

As
we continue to grow, we may be unable to continue to attract or retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. In
addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on retaining our best talent. Competition for these resources, particularly
for engineers, is intense. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity for new and existing employees and we may never
realize returns on these investments. If we are not able to effectively increase and retain our talent, our ability to achieve our strategic
objectives will be adversely impacted, and our business will be harmed. The loss of one or more of our key employees, and any failure
to have in place and execute an effective succession plan for key employees, could seriously harm our business. Employees may be more
likely to leave us if the shares of our capital stock they own, or the shares of our capital stock underlying their equity incentive
awards have significantly reduced in value, or the vested shares of our capital stock they own or vested shares of our capital stock
underlying their equity incentive awards have significantly appreciated. Many of our employees may receive significant proceeds from
sales of our equity in the public markets once the applicable lock-up restrictions expire, which may reduce their motivation to continue
to work for us. 

We
permit most of our employees to work remotely should their particular positions allow. While we believe that most of our operations can
be performed remotely, there is no guarantee that we will be as effective while working remotely because our team is dispersed and many
employees may have additional personal needs to attend to or distractions in their remote work environment. To the extent our current
or future remote work policies result in decreased productivity, harm our company culture, or otherwise negatively affect our business,
our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

17 

We
are at risk that the non-prescription inventory that we store may become damaged, facility disruption may also harm our business. 

We
hold non-prescription inventory at some of our facilities. A natural disaster, fire, power interruption, work stoppage or other calamity
at this facility would significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any material amount of
our facility, machinery, or inventory were damaged or unusable, we would be unable to meet our obligations to customers and wholesale
partners, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
rely significantly on revenue from customers purchasing subscription-based prescription products and may not be successful in expanding
our offerings. 

To
date the majority of our revenue has been, and we expect it to continue to be, derived from customers who purchase subscription-based
prescription products through the platform. In our subscription arrangements, customers select a cadence at which they wish to receive
product shipments. These customers generate a substantial majority of our revenue. The introduction of competing offerings with lower
prices for consumers, fluctuations in prescription prices, changes in consumer purchasing habits, including an increase in the use of
mail-order prescriptions, changes in the regulatory landscape, and other factors could result in changes to our contracts or a decline
in our revenue, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because we derive a
vast majority of our revenue from customers who purchase subscription-based prescription products, any material decline in the use of
such offerings could have a pronounced impact on our future revenue and results of operations, particularly if we are unable to expand
our offerings overall. 

In
the past we have, and in the future we may, actively employ social media and Patient Care Center activities as part of our marketing
strategy, which could give rise to regulatory violations, liability, breaches of data security, or reputational damage. 

Despite
our efforts to monitor evolving social media communication guidelines and comply with applicable laws and regulations, there is risk
that the use of social media by us, our employees or our customers to communicate about our products or business may cause us to be found
in violation of applicable requirements, including requirements of regulatory bodies such as the FDA and the Federal Trade Commission.
For example, adverse events, product complaints, off-label usage by physicians, unapproved marketing, or other unintended messages could
require an active response from us, which may not be completed in a timely manner and could result in regulatory action by a governing
body. In addition, our employees may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that may not comply with our social
media policy or other legal or contractual requirements, which may give rise to liability, lead to the loss of trade secrets or other
intellectual property, or result in public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and
others. Furthermore, negative posts or comments about us or our products in social media could seriously damage our reputation, brand
image, and goodwill. 

Any
significant interruptions in the operations of our Patient Care Center could cause us to lose sales and disrupt our ability to process
orders and deliver our solutions in a timely manner. 

We
rely on our Patient Care Center to sell our products, respond to customer service and technical support requests, and process orders.
Any significant interruption in the operation of these facilities, including an interruption caused by our failure to successfully expand
or upgrade our systems or to manage these expansions or upgrades, could reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide
products and services, which could result in lost and cancelled sales and damage to our brand and reputation. 

As
we grow, we will need more capacity from our existing Patient Care Center. If our Patient Care Center operators do not convert inquiries
into sales at expected rates, our ability to generate revenue could be impaired. Training and retaining qualified Patient Care Center
operators is challenging, and if we do not adequately train our Patient Care Center personnel, they may convert inquiries into sales
at an acceptable rate. 

Risks
Related to Governmental Regulation 

We
may be subject to claims that we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual arrangements with our affiliated
medical group constitutes unlawful fee splitting. 

We
have contracted with physician-owned professional corporations P.C. s or professional associations P.A. s to facilitate the delivery of telehealth services to their patients. We have entered into a management services agreement with our affiliated
medical group pursuant to which we provide these P.C. s and P.A. s with a comprehensive set of non-clinical management and
administrative services. The affiliated medical group is solely responsible for practicing medicine and all clinical decision-making
and will pay us for our management services from the fees collected from patients. This relationship is subject to various state laws
that prohibit fee splitting or the practice of medicine by lay entities or persons. Corporate practice of medicine laws and enforcement
varies by state. In some states, decisions and activities such as contracting with third party payors, setting rates and the hiring and
management of non-clinical personnel may implicate the restrictions on the corporate practice of medicine. 

In
addition, corporate practice of medicine restrictions are subject to broad powers of interpretation and enforcement by state regulators.
Some of these requirements may apply to us even if we do not have a physical presence in a state, solely because we provide management
services to a provider licensed in the state or facilitate the provision of telehealth to a resident of the state. State medical practice
boards, other regulatory authorities, or other parties, including the physicians or other providers in our affiliated medical group or
with whom we otherwise contract, may assert that, despite these arrangements, we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or
that our contractual arrangements with our affiliated medical group constitutes unlawful fee splitting. In this event, failure to comply
could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our affiliated providers, civil or criminal penalties, receipt
of cease-and-desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, the need to make changes to the terms of engagement with
providers that interfere with our business and other materially adverse consequences. 

18 

In
the U.S., we conduct business in a heavily regulated industry, and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations, we
could incur penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations or experience adverse publicity, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
U.S. healthcare industry is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal, state and local governments. Comprehensive statutes
and regulations govern the manner in which we provide and bill for services and collect reimbursement from governmental programs and
private payors (if applicable); our contractual relationships with LifeMD PC, other third-party providers, vendors, and customers; our
marketing activities; and other aspects of our operations. Of particular importance are: 

the
 federal physician self-referral law, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, that, subject to limited exceptions, prohibits physicians
 from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity for the provision of certain designated health services if
 the physician or a member of such physician s immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship (including an
 ownership interest or a compensation arrangement) with the entity, and prohibit the entity from billing Medicare or Medicaid for
 such designated health services; 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute that prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any bribe, kickback,
 rebate or other remuneration for referring an individual, in return for ordering, leasing, purchasing, or recommending or arranging
 for or to induce the referral of an individual or the ordering, purchasing, or leasing of items or services covered, in whole or
 in part, by any federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge
 of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim
 including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim
 for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

the
 criminal healthcare fraud provisions of HIPAA, and related rules that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or artifice
 to defraud any healthcare benefit program or falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any material false,
 fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. Similar
 to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent
 to violate it to have committed a violation; 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Achieving and sustaining compliance with these laws
may prove costly. Failure to comply with these laws and other laws can result in civil and criminal penalties such as fines, damages,
overpayment, recoupment, imprisonment. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased by the fact
that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are sometimes open
to a variety of interpretations. Our failure to accurately anticipate the application of these laws and regulations to our business or
any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements could create liability for us and negatively affect our business. Any action
against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant
legal expenses, divert our management s attention from the operation of our business and result in adverse publicity. 

To
enforce compliance with the federal laws, the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office
of Inspector General, OIG ), have recently increased their scrutiny of healthcare providers, which has led to a number
of investigations, prosecutions, convictions, and settlements in the healthcare industry. Dealing with investigations can be time- and
resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. Any such investigation or settlement could increase
our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, because of the potential for large monetary exposure under
the federal False Claims Act, which provides for treble damages and penalties of 5,000 to 10,000 per false claim or statement, which
is further adjusted for inflation, healthcare providers often resolve allegations without admissions of liability for significant and
material amounts to avoid the uncertainty of treble damages that may be awarded in litigation proceedings. Such settlements often contain
additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree, settlement agreement, or corporate integrity agreement.
Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government will continue to devote substantial
resources to investigating healthcare providers compliance with the healthcare reimbursement rules and fraud and abuse laws. 

The
laws, regulations, and standards governing the provision of healthcare services may change significantly in the future. We cannot assure
you that any new or changed healthcare laws, regulations, or standards will not materially adversely affect our business. We cannot assure
you that a review of our business by judicial, law enforcement, regulatory, or accreditation authorities will not result in a determination
that could adversely affect our operations. 

19 

State
legislative and regulatory changes specific to the area of telehealth law may present the LifeMD PC any remaining third-party medical
groups and independent physicians on our platform with additional requirements and state compliance costs, which may create additional
operational complexity and increase costs. 

LifeMD
PC s third-party medical groups , and independent physicians ability to provide telehealth services to patients in
a particular jurisdiction is dependent upon the laws that govern the provision of remote care, the practice of medicine, and healthcare
delivery in general in that jurisdiction. Laws and regulations governing the provision of telehealth services are evolving at a rapid
pace and are subject to changing political, regulatory, and other influences. Some states regulatory agencies or medical boards
may have established rules or interpreted existing rules in a manner that limits or restricts providers ability to provide telehealth
services or for physicians to supervise nurse practitioners and physician assistants remotely. Additionally, there may be limitations
placed on the modality through which telehealth services are delivered. For example, some states specifically require synchronous (or
 live communications and restrict or exclude the use of asynchronous telehealth modalities, which is also known as store-and-forward 
telehealth. However, other states do not distinguish between synchronous and asynchronous telehealth services. Because this is a developing
area of law and regulation, we continually monitor compliance in every jurisdiction in which we operate. However, we cannot be assured
that third-party medical groups , or independent providers activities and arrangements, if challenged, will be found to
be in compliance with the law or that a new or existing law will not be implemented, enforced, or changed in manner that is unfavorable
to our business model. We cannot predict the regulatory landscape for those jurisdictions in which we operate and any significant changes
in law, policies, or standards, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, could occur with little or no notice. The majority of the
consultations provided through our platform are asynchronous consultations for customers located in jurisdictions that permit the use
of asynchronous telehealth. If there is a change in laws or regulations related to our business, or the interpretation or enforcement
thereof, that adversely affects our structure or operations, including greater restrictions on the use of asynchronous telehealth or
remote supervision of nurse practitioners or physician assistants, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Changes
in public policy that mandate or enhance healthcare coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and/or
results of operations. 

Our
mission is to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and convenient for everyone. It is reasonably possible that our business operations
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by public policy changes at the federal, state, or local level, which
include mandatory or enhanced healthcare coverage. Such changes may present us with new marketing and other challenges, which may, for
example, cause use of our products and services to decrease or make doing business in particular states less attractive. If we fail to
adequately respond to such changes, including by implementing effective operational and strategic initiatives, or do not do so as effectively
as our competitors, our business, operations, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected 

We
cannot predict the enactment or content of new legislation and regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations or their enforcement,
interpretation or application, or the effect they will have on our business or results of operations, which could be materially adverse.
Even if we could predict such matters, we may not be able to reduce or eliminate the potential adverse impact of public policy changes
that could fundamentally change the dynamics of our industry. 

Changes
in insurance and healthcare laws, as well as the potential for further healthcare reform legislation and regulation, have created uncertainty
in the healthcare industry and could materially affect our business, financial condition, and result of operations. 

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010,
generally known as the Health Care Reform Law, significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured Americans
and changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payers. Since then, the Health Care Reform Law has prompted
legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Care Reform Law, which may impact how the federal government responds
to lawsuits challenging the Health Care Reform Law. We cannot predict what further reform proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they
may be adopted, or what impact they may have on our business. While we currently only accept payments from customers not any third
parties or insurance providers and our business model may not be directly impacted by healthcare reform, healthcare reform will
impact the healthcare industry in which we operate. If we are required to comply with the Health Care Reform Law and fail to comply or
are unable to effectively manage such risks and uncertainties, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
products we sell and our third-party suppliers are subject to FDA regulations and other state and local requirements, and if we or our
third party suppliers fail to comply with federal, state, and local requirements, our ability to fulfill customers orders through
our platform could be impaired. 

The
products available through our platform, and the third-party suppliers and manufacturers of these products, are subject to extensive
regulation by the FDA and state and local authorities, including pharmaceuticals, OTC drugs, OTC devices, cosmetics, and dietary supplements.
These authorities can enforce regulations related to methods and documentation of the testing, production, compounding, control, quality
assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, and shipping of products. Government regulations specific to pharmaceuticals
are wide ranging and govern, among other things: the ability to bring a pharmaceutical to market, the conditions under which it can be
sold, the conditions under which it must be manufactured, and permissible claims that may be made for such product. Failure to meet or
significant changes to any federal, state, or local requirements attendant to the sales and marketing of a regulated product could
result in enforcement actions, impede our ability to provide access to affected products, and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

We
may be subject to fines, penalties, and injunctions if we are determined to be promoting the use of products for unapproved uses. 

Certain
of the products available through our platform require approval by the FDA and are subject to the limitations placed by FDA on the approved
uses in the product prescribing information. While providers are legally permitted to prescribe medications for off-label uses, and although
we believe our product promotion is conducted in material compliance with FDA and other regulations, if the FDA determines that our product
promotion constitutes promotion of an unapproved use of an approved product or of an unapproved product, the FDA could request that we
modify our product promotion or subject us to regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter,
injunction, seizure, civil fine, and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities
might take action if they consider the product promotion to constitute promotion of an unapproved use of an approved product or of an
unapproved product, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutes, such as laws prohibiting false claims
for reimbursement. 

The
information that we provide to healthcare providers, customers, and our partners could be inaccurate or incomplete, which could harm
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
collect and transmit healthcare-related information to and from our customers, providers, and partner pharmacies in connection with the
telehealth consultations conducted by the providers and prescription medication fulfillment by our partner pharmacies. If the data that
we provide to our customers, providers, or partner pharmacies are incorrect or incomplete or if we make mistakes in the capture or input
of these data, our reputation may suffer and we could be subject to claims of liability for resulting damages. While we maintain insurance
coverage, this coverage may prove to be inadequate or could cease to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Even unsuccessful
claims could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management resources. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or under-insured
could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
use, disclosure, and other processing of personally identifiable information, including health information, is subject to federal, state,
and foreign privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information
we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm and, in turn, a material adverse effect on our customers, providers,
and revenue. 

Numerous
state and federal laws and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability, integrity,
and other processing of health information and other types of personal data or personally identifiable information PII ).
We believe that, because of our operating processes, we are not a covered entity or a business associate under HIPAA, which establishes
a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of protected health information by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses,
and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities contract
for services. Notwithstanding that we do not believe that we meet the definition of a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA,
we have executed business associate agreements with certain other parties and have assumed obligations that are based upon HIPAA-related
requirements. 

In
addition to HIPAA, numerous other federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations protect the confidentiality, privacy, availability,
integrity and security of health information and other types of PII, including the California Confidentiality of Medical Information
Act. These laws and regulations in many cases are more restrictive than, and may not be preempted by, HIPAA and its implementing rules.
These laws and regulations are often uncertain, contradictory, and subject to changed or differing interpretations, and we expect new
laws, rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and information security to be proposed and enacted in the future. This
complex, dynamic legal landscape regarding privacy, data protection, and information security creates significant compliance issues for
us, the LifeMD PC and the providers and potentially exposes us to additional expense, adverse publicity, and liability. While we have
implemented data privacy and security measures in an effort to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data
protection, some health information and other PII or confidential information is transmitted to us by third parties, who may not implement
adequate security and privacy measures, and it is possible that laws, rules, and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or
information security may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices or those of third parties who
transmit health information and other PII or confidential information to us. If we or these third parties are found to have violated
such laws, rules or regulations, it could result in government-imposed fines, orders requiring that we or these third parties change
our or their practices, or criminal charges, which could adversely affect our business. Complying with these various laws and regulations
could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, systems, and compliance procedures in a manner
adverse to our business. 

We
also publish statements to our customers through our privacy policy consent to telehealth, and terms and conditions, that describe how
we handle health information or other PII. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants consider any portion of these
statements to be untrue, we may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences,
including, without limitation, costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation, settling claims, and complying with
regulatory or court orders. Any of the foregoing consequences could seriously harm our business and our financial results. Furthermore,
the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations and policies that are applicable to us may limit customers 
use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our platform. Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse
impact on our business and our financial results. 

21 

Public
scrutiny of internet privacy and security issues may result in increased regulation and different industry standards, which could deter
or prevent us from providing services to our customers, thereby harming our business. 

The
regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is evolving and is likely to remain in flux for the foreseeable future.
Various government and consumer agencies have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. Practices regarding the
registration, collection, processing, storage, sharing, disclosure, use, and security of personal and other information by companies
offering an online service like our platform have recently come under increased public scrutiny. 

For
example, the CCPA requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such
consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Similar legislation has been proposed or adopted in other
states. Aspects of the CCPA and these other state laws and regulations, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear, and we may be required
to modify our practices in an effort to comply with them. Additionally, the CPRA was passed on November 3, 2020 and became effective
on January 1, 2023, with a look-back to January 2022. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty
and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses. 

Our
business, including our ability to operate and to expand internationally, could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are
adopted, interpreted, or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our current business practices and that require changes to
these practices, the design of our websites, mobile applications, solutions, features, or our privacy policies. In particular, the success
of our business has been, and we expect will continue to be, driven by our ability to responsibly gather and use data from data subjects.
Therefore, our business could be harmed by any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry standards or practices
regarding the storage, use, or disclosure of data our customers or providers share with us, or regarding the manner in which the express
or implied consent of customers or providers for such collection, analysis, and disclosure is obtained. Such changes may require us to
modify our platform, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new offerings, functionality, or features. 

If
our security measures fail or are breached and unauthorized access to a consumer s data is obtained, our services may be perceived
as insecure, we may incur significant liabilities, our reputation may be harmed, and we could lose sales and customers. 

Our
services involve the storage and transmission of customers and our vendors proprietary information, sensitive or confidential
data, including valuable intellectual property and personal information of employees, consumers, customers, and others, as well as the
protected health information, PHI ), of our customers. Because of the extreme sensitivity of the information we store and
transmit, the security features of our computer, network, and communications systems infrastructure are critical to the success of our
business. A breach or failure of our security measures could result from a variety of circumstances and events, including third-party
action, employee negligence or error, malfeasance, computer viruses, cyber-attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of
upgrading or replacing software and databases, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, or catastrophic
events. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the
increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to
expend additional resources to further enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information
security vulnerabilities. If our security measures fail or are breached, it could result in unauthorized persons accessing sensitive
consumer or partner data (including PHI), a loss of or damage to our data, an inability to access data sources, or process data or provide
our services to our customers. Such failures or breaches of our security measures, or our inability to effectively resolve such failures
or breaches in a timely manner, could severely damage our reputation, adversely affect customers, vendors, or investor confidence in
us, and reduce the demand for our services from existing and potential customers. In addition, we could face litigation, damages for
contract breach, monetary penalties, or regulatory actions for violation of applicable laws or regulations, and incur significant costs
for remedial measures to prevent future occurrences and mitigate past violations. Although we maintain insurance covering certain security
and privacy damages and claim expenses, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and
in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. 

We
may experience cyber-security and other breach incidents that remain undetected for an extended period. Because techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched, we may be unable to anticipate
these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, or if we are
unable to effectively resolve such breaches in a timely manner, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could
be harmed and we could lose sales, customers, and vendors which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and
financial results. 

22 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation 

Failure
to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations. 

Our
intellectual property includes a combination of patent, copyright, service mark, trademark, and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish and protect our proprietary rights, all of which provide only limited protection.
We cannot assure you that any patents will issue with respect to any currently pending patent applications, in a manner that gives us
the protection that we seek, if at all, or that any future patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented.
Our currently issued patents and any patents that we may issue in the future, with respect to pending or future patent applications,
may not provide sufficient broad protection or they may not prove to be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. Also, we cannot
assure you that any future service mark registrations will be issued with respect to pending or future applications or that any registered
service marks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 

In
addition, from time to time we make our technology and other intellectual property available to others under license agreements, including
open source license agreements and trademark licenses under agreements with our partners for the purpose of co-branding or co-marketing
our products or services. We endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and contractors and agreements with parties with whom
we do business in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. We cannot be certain that the steps we have
taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology or the reverse engineering of our technology. Moreover, others may independently
develop technologies that are competitive to ours or infringe our intellectual property. 

We
strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights and other rights provided under
foreign laws. These laws are subject to change at any time and could further restrict our ability to protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights. In addition, the existing laws of certain foreign countries in which we operate may not protect our intellectual property
rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights also depends on our
legal actions against these infringers being successful, but we cannot be sure these actions will be successful, even when our rights
have been infringed. Furthermore, effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available
in every country in which our services are available over the Internet. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting innovations
through investments in filings, registrations, or similar steps to protect our intellectual property, and these processes are expensive
and time-consuming. 

We
may be in the future subject to claims that we violated intellectual property rights of others, which are extremely costly to defend
and could require us to pay significant damages and limit our ability to operate. 

Companies
in our industry, and other intellectual property rights holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses,
own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of
infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Our future success depends in part on not infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of others. We have in the past and may in the future receive notices that claim we have misappropriated, infringed, or
otherwise misused other parties intellectual property rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others
that may cover some or all of our technology. Because patent applications can take years to issue and are often afforded confidentiality
for some period of time, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that later result in issued patents that could cover
our technology. 

Any
intellectual property claim against us or parties indemnified by us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle
or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject us to significant
liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using technology, content, branding, or business methods found to be in
violation of another party s rights. We might be required or may opt to seek a license for rights to intellectual property held
by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required
to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing
technology, content, branding or business methods, which could require significant effort and expense, be infeasible, or make us less
competitive in the market. Such disputes could also disrupt our business, which would adversely impact our customer satisfaction and
ability to attract customers. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively
than we can because they have substantially greater resources. If we cannot license or develop technology, content, branding, or business
methods for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we may be unable to compete effectively. Additionally, we may be obligated
to indemnify our customers in connection with litigation and to obtain licenses or refund subscription fees, which could further exhaust
our resources. In the case of infringement or misappropriation caused by technology that we obtain from third parties, any indemnification
or other contractual protections we obtain from such third parties, if any, may be insufficient to cover the liabilities we incur as
a result of such infringement or misappropriation. Any of these results could harm our results of operations. 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings and litigation, including intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could materially
harm our business and results of operations. 

We
may be party to lawsuits and legal proceedings in the normal course of business. These matters are often expensive and disruptive to
normal business operations. We may face allegations, lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries, audits, and investigations regarding data privacy,
security, labor and employment, consumer protection, practice of medicine, and intellectual property infringement, including claims related
to privacy, patents, publicity, trademarks, copyrights, and other rights. A portion of the technologies we use incorporates open source
software, and we may face claims claiming ownership of open source software or patents related to that software, rights to our intellectual
property or breach of open source license terms, including a demand to release material portions of our source code or otherwise seeking
to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. We may also face allegations or litigation related to our acquisitions, securities
issuances, or business practices, including public disclosures about our business. Litigation and regulatory proceedings, and particularly
the healthcare regulatory and class action matters we could face, may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict.
Certain of these matters may include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages and include claims for injunctive
relief. Additionally, our litigation costs could be significant. Adverse outcomes with respect to litigation or any of these legal proceedings
may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties and fines, or require us to modify our solution or require us to stop
offering certain features, all of which could negatively impact our acquisition of customers and revenue growth. We may also become subject
to periodic audits, which could likely increase our regulatory compliance costs and may require us to change our business practices,
which could negatively impact our revenue growth. Managing legal proceedings, litigation and audits, even if we achieve favorable outcomes,
is time-consuming and diverts management s attention from our business. 

23 

The
results of regulatory proceedings, litigation, claims, and audits cannot be predicted with certainty, and determining reserves for pending
litigation and other legal, regulatory, and audit matters requires significant judgment. There can be no assurance that our expectations
will prove correct, and even if these matters are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the
time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we incur product liability claims, such claims could increase our costs; adversely affect our reputation, business, and results of operations;
and we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance. 

Our
business involves LifeMD PC s medical providers performing medical consultations and, if warranted, prescribing medication to our
customers. This activity, as well as the sale of other products on our platform, exposes us to the risk of negligence and product liability
claims. 

Some
of our products are designed for human consumption and use, and we face liability claims if the use of our products is alleged to have
resulted in injury or death claims that may be made by customers, third-party service providers, or manufacturers of products and services
we make available. To date, we have not (i) conducted any product recalls, (ii) received any product liability claims from third parties,
or (iii) received any reports from an end consumer of any adverse effect resulting from our products. A product recall or liability claim
against us could result in increased costs and could adversely affect our reputation with our customers, which, in turn, could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we do maintain product liability insurance coverage,
this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations, and we cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain insurance coverage
at acceptable costs or in a sufficient amount, that our insurer will not disclaim coverage as to a future claim or that a product liability
claim would not otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The cost of any product liability
litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, could divert management attention, and may result
in adverse publicity or result in reduced acceptance of our platform and offerings. These liabilities could prevent or interfere with
our growth and expansion efforts. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of product liability litigation or other
proceedings could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

We
rely on data center providers, Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, third-party computer hardware and software, other third
parties and our own systems for providing services to our customers and vendors, and any failure or interruption in the services provided
by these third parties or our own systems could expose us to litigation and negatively impact our relationships with customers, adversely
affecting our brand and our business. 

While
we control and have access to our servers, we do not control the operation of these facilities. The cloud vendor and the owners of our
data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable
to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of our cloud vendors or data center operators is acquired, we may
be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to a new vendor or a new data center facility, and we may incur significant
costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. Problems faced by our cloud vendors or third-party data center locations
with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers
allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our customers. Our cloud vendors or third-party
data center operators could decide to close their facilities without adequate notice. In addition, any financial difficulties, such as
bankruptcy faced by our cloud vendors or third-party data centers operators or any of the service providers with whom we or they contract
may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. 

Additionally,
if our cloud or data centers vendors are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on
our business. For example, a rapid expansion of our business could affect the service levels at our cloud vendors or data centers or
cause such cloud systems or data centers and systems to fail. Any changes in third-party service levels at our cloud vendors or data
centers or any disruptions or other performance problems with our solution could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our customers 
stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue
refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscriptions, subject us to potential liability, or adversely affect client renewal rates. 

24 

In
addition, our ability to deliver our Internet-based services depends on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the
Internet by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth
capacity, and security. Our services are designed to operate without interruption in accordance with our service level commitments. However,
we have experienced and expect that we may experience future interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time.
In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of our systems, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability,
which could negatively impact our relationship with customers. 

We
exercise limited control over third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with technology and information services
they provide. Interruptions in our network access and services may in connection with third-party technology and information services
reduce our revenue, cause us to issue refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscription services, subject us to potential liability,
or adversely affect client renewal rates. Although we maintain a security and privacy damages insurance policy, the coverage under our
policies may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur related to the services provided by our third-party vendors.
In addition, we may not be able to continue to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost, if at all. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Reporting, Results of Operations and Capital Requirements 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
historical financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. As of December 31,
2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 190.6 million. We have limited financial resources, and as of December 31, 2022 we had
a working capital deficit of 20.1 million and a cash balance of 4.0 million. We will need to raise additional capital or secure debt
funding to support on-going operations. The sources of this capital are expected to be the sale of equity and debt, which may not be
available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. If we are unable to access
additional capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability to grow and to generate future revenues, our financial position, and liquidity.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Unless management is able to obtain
additional financing, it is unlikely that the Company will be able to meet its funding requirements during the next 12 months. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The doubt regarding our potential ability
to continue as a going concern may adversely affect our ability to obtain new financing on reasonable terms or at all. Additionally,
if we are unable to continue as a going concern, our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in the Company. 

Our
results of operations, as well as our key metrics, may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may result in us failing to meet
the expectations of industry and securities analysts or our investors. 

Our
results of operations have in the past and could in the future vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and may fail
to match the expectations of securities analysts because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and, as a
result, should not be relied upon as an indicator of future performance. As a result, we may not be able to accurately forecast our results
of operations and growth rate. Any of these events, and risk factors discussed in this annual report, could cause the market price of
our common stock to fluctuate. 

The
impact of one or more of the foregoing and other factors may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. As such, we believe
that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication
of future performance. 

Our
substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react
to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from
meeting our obligations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities of 33.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had availability of 59.5 million
available under the ATM Sales Agreement and 32 million available under the 2021 Shelf, after giving effect to letters of credit and
borrowing base limitations. We and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions
contained in our credit facilities and the indentures governing our outstanding notes. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt
levels, interest rates and the related risks that we now face could intensify. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance
our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive
conditions, and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you we will maintain a level of
cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to perform system and process evaluation
and testing on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In performing this evaluation and testing our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of material weaknesses.
Correcting this issue, and thereafter our continued compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense
and expend significant management efforts. Moreover, if we are not able to correct our internal control issues and comply with the requirements
of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if in the future we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies
in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline,
and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial
and management resources. It could adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely
and accurate manner, which could negatively affect investor confidence in our company, and, as a result, the value of our common stock
could be adversely affected. 

25 

Risks
Related to Investments in our Securities 

There
can be no assurance that we can continue to pay dividends on our preferred stock. We currently do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates. 

The
declaration, amount and timing of dividends on our securities are subject to capital availability and determinations by our Board of
Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and our agreements
applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends. Our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our
cash flows from operations, our available capital and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions,
debt service requirements, share repurchases and investing in our existing markets as well as our results of operations, financial condition
and other factors beyond our control that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. A reduction in or suspension or elimination of our
dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price. 

We
pay cumulative cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, when and as declared by our Board of Directors. If we do not pay dividends
on any outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not declared or consecutive),
holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to elect two additional directors to our Board of Directors to serve until all unpaid
dividends have been fully paid or declared and set apart for payment. We currently do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our common
stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our
common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment will be if the market price of our common stock
appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

Your
ownership interest may be diluted by the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock or preferred stock. 

We
are in a capital intensive business and we may not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or to support our projected
capital expenditures. As a result, we will require additional funds from future equity or debt financings, including sales of preferred
shares or convertible debt, to complete the development of new projects and pay the general and administrative costs of our business.
We may in the future issue our previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of
holders of our common stock and preferred stock. We are currently authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Additionally, the Board may subsequently approve increases in authorized common stock and preferred stock.
The potential issuance of such additional shares of common or preferred stock or convertible debt may create downward pressure on the
trading price of our already outstanding common stock and preferred stock. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other
securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or private placements for capital raising
purposes or for other business purposes. The future issuance of a substantial number of common shares or preferred shares, or the perception
that such issuance could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our already outstanding common stock and preferred
stock. A decline in the price of our common shares or preferred shares could make it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings
of our preferred shares, common shares or securities convertible into common shares. 

We
have significant numbers of warrants and stock options outstanding, and incentive awards outstanding under our 2020 Equity Incentive
Plan. To the extent that any of the outstanding warrants and options described above are exercised, dilution, to the interests of our
stockholders may occur. For the life of such warrants and options, the holders will have the opportunity to profit from a rise in the
price of the Common Stock with a resulting dilution in the interest of the other holders of Common Stock. The existence of such warrants
and options may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and the terms on which we can obtain additional financing, and
the holders of such warrants and options can be expected to exercise them at a time when we would, in all likelihood, be able to obtain
additional capital by an offering of our unissued capital stock on terms more favorable to us than those provided by such warrants and
options. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

26 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

All
of our facilities are leased domestically including an office space located in Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory. The Company s headquarters
are located in New York, New York for which the lease expires in 2025. We operate a marketing and sales center in Huntington Beach, California
for which the lease expires in 2023 and a patient care center in Greenville, South Carolina for which the lease expires in 2024. Additionally,
we lease warehouse space in Lancaster, Pennsylvania for which the lease expires in 2023. Our majority-owned subsidiary, WorkSimpli leases
office space in Puerto Rico for which the lease expires in 2024. 

Leased
premises range from approximately 1,000 to 14,000 square feet with monthly rents ranging from 2,200 per month to 34,400 per month. 

We
believe that our existing facilities are adequate for current and presently foreseeable operations. In general, our properties are well
maintained and are being utilized for their intended purposes. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities.
We do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may have an adverse effect on our business,
financial conditions or operating results. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and our customers by determining the
scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish our proprietary rights. For additional information
on pending legal proceedings see Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in this
report. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
common shares of LifeMD are traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol to LFMD . 

Approximate
Number of Equity Security Holders 

As
of March 21, 2023, there were approximately 304 holders of record of our common stock, and the last reported sale price of our common
stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on March 21, 2023 was 1.17. A significant number of shares of our common stock are held in either
nominee name or street name brokerage accounts, and consequently, we are unable to determine the total number of beneficial owners of
our stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid and do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently expect
to retain all future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. The declaration and payment of any cash dividends
in the future will be determined by our Board of Directors, in its discretion, and will depend on a number of factors, including our
earnings, capital requirements, overall financial condition, and contractual restrictions, if any. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Other
than any sales that were already disclosed under a Current Report on Form 8-K during the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been
no sales of unregistered securities by the Company as of such date. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2022 and highlight certain other
information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial
condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis of significant trends and material
changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These historical
financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contains numerous forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could
be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout this filing, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview 

LifeMD,
Inc. is a diversified online direct-to-patient marketing and telehealth company with a portfolio of health and wellness brands. Our products
are marketed and sold directly to consumers through advertisements on Facebook, Google, Amazon, and other social media and e-commerce
platforms. Secondarily, we also sell our products through third party partner channels. We market branded and generic prescription drugs
that are then sold and shipped online directly to consumers in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. We have also
established a 50-state affiliated medical group that provides virtual consultations to our patients. Since inception, we have treated
approximately 680,000 customers and patients nationwide. We operate our business using a proprietary telehealth technology platform that
facilitates a compliant relationship between the patient, provider, us and pharmacy. 

Our
portfolio of brands are included within two operating segments: Telehealth and WorkSimpli. We believe our current segments and brands
within our segments complement one another and position us well for future growth. 

28 

Developments
in 2022 

Key
developments in our business during 2022 are described below: 

Cleared
Acquisition 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company acquired Cleared, a nationwide allergy telehealth platform that provides personalized treatments for allergy,
asthma, and immunology. The purchase price was approximately 9.1 million, including cash paid upfront of approximately 1.0 million
and payable in the future of approximately 3.0 million, and contingent consideration of 5.1 million. 

On
February 4, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the First Amendment between
the Company and the sellers of Cleared. The First Amendment was amended to, among other things: (i) reduce the total purchase price by
 250 thousand to a total of 3.67 million; (ii) change the timing of the payment of the purchase price to 460 thousand paid at closing
(which has already been paid by the Company), with the remaining amount to be paid in five quarterly installments beginning on or before
February 6, 2023 and ending January 15, 2024; (iii) removing all earn-out payments payable by the Company to the sellers;
and (iv) removing certain representations and warranties of the Company and sellers in connection with the transaction (See Note 3 Acquisitions
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). 

ResumeBuild
Asset Purchase Agreement 

In
February 2022, our majority-owned subsidiary WorkSimpli closed on an Asset Purchase Agreement (the ResumeBuild APA with
East Fusion FZCO, a Dubai, UAE corporation (the Seller ), whereby WorkSimpli acquired substantially all of the assets associated
with the Seller s business offering subscription-based resume building software through software as a service online platforms.
WorkSimpli paid to the Seller a purchase price 4.0 million. The Seller is also entitled to a minimum of 500 thousand to be paid out
in quarterly payments equal to the greater of 15 of net profits (as defined in the ResumeBuild APA) or 62,500, for a two-year period
ending on the two-year anniversary of the closing of the acquisition. WorkSimpli borrowed the purchase price from the Company pursuant
to a promissory note with the obligation secured by an equity purchase guarantee agreement and a stock option pledge agreement from Fitzpatrick
Consulting, LLC and its sole member Sean Fitzpatrick, who is Co-Founder and President of WorkSimpli. 

WorkSimpli
Software Capitalization Update 

On
September 30, 2022, Sean Fitzpatrick and Varun Pathak exercised their options to purchase 10,300 and 2,100 membership interest units,
respectively, of WorkSimpli for an exercise price of 1.00 per membership interest unit pursuant to certain option agreements between
Conversion Labs PR and each of Sean Fitzpatrick and Varun Pathak. Following the exercise of such option agreements, Conversion Labs PR
decreased its ownership interest in WorkSimpli from 85.58 to 73.64 . 

Manufacturing
and Supply Chain 

We
have not experienced any material adverse effect on our business as a result of shortages of raw materials or packaging materials used
in the manufacturing of our products. An unexpected interruption or a shortage in supply could adversely affect our business derived
from these products. We are not substantially dependent on any raw material supplier or packaging supplier since alternative sources
of materials, with equal quality, could be quickly obtained if any of our current suppliers cease to supply us adequately. 

Among
other things, our supply chain is subject to the effects of natural disasters and other events beyond our control, such as raw material,
component, and labor shortages; global and regional shipping and logistics constraints; work stoppages; power outages; and the physical
effects of climate change, including changes in weather patterns. In addition, human rights concerns, including forced labor and human
trafficking, in foreign countries and associated governmental responses have the potential to disrupt our supply chain, and our operations
could be adversely impacted. Although we do not believe that raw materials used in the products we sell are sourced from regions with
forced labor concerns, any delays or other supply chain disruption resulting from these concerns, associated governmental responses,
or a desire to source products, components, or materials from other manufacturers or regions could result in shipping delays, cancellations,
penalty payments, or loss of revenue and market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

In
connection with these potential impacts on our supply chain, we are, as a general matter, seeing a trend of modest increases in (i) pricing
on air and ocean freight, as well as for component and product parts, (ii) the overall time to receive shipments, and (iii) the overall
time for shipment and delivery to our customers from third-party shippers. 

2020
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
January 8, 2021, the Company approved the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board and initially
provided for the issuance of up to 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under
the Plan automatically increases by 150,000 shares of Common Stock on January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than ten years,
commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030. Awards under the 2020 Plan can be granted in the form of
stock options, non-qualified and incentive options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and restricted stock units. 

29 

On
June 24, 2021, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan to increase
the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan by 1,500,000 shares. 

On
June 16, 2022, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan to increase
the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan by an additional 1,500,000
shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Plan provided for the issuance of up to 4,800,000 shares of Common Stock. Remaining authorization
under the 2020 Plan was 1,732,163 shares as of December 31, 2022. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Our
financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

of Sales 

of Sales 
 
 Telehealth revenue, net 
 82,649,845 
 69.43 
 68,197,128 
 73.43 
 
 WorkSimpli revenue, net 
 36,383,675 
 30.57 
 24,678,678 
 26.57 
 
 Total revenue, net 
 119,033,520 
 100.00 
 92,875,806 
 100.00 
 
 Cost of telehealth revenue 
 17,843,754 
 14.99 
 17,549,550 
 18.90 
 
 Cost of WorkSimpli revenue 
 824,274 
 0.69 
 445,844 
 0.48 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 18,668,028 
 15.68 
 17,995,394 
 19.38 
 
 Gross profit 
 100,365,492 
 84.32 
 74,880,412 
 80.62 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 78,369,430 
 65.84 
 82,541,956 
 88.87 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 46,960,782 
 39.45 
 39,534,573 
 42.57 
 
 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges 
 8,862,596 
 7.45 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 6,717,795 
 5.64 
 3,317,976 
 3.57 
 
 Customer service expenses 
 5,033,468 
 4.23 
 2,838,831 
 3.06 
 
 Development costs 
 2,970,202 
 2.50 
 948,157 
 1.02 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (5,101,000 
 (4.29 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total expenses 
 143,813,273 
 120.82 
 129,181,493 
 139.09 
 
 Operating loss 
 (43,447,781 
 (36.50 
 (54,301,081 
 (58.47 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (1,212,546 
 (1.02 
 (7,015,275 
 (7.55 
 
 Loss from operations before income taxes 
 (44,660,327 
 (37.52 
 (61,316,356 
 (66.02 
 
 Income tax provision 
 (360,700 
 (0.30 
 (7,700 
 (0.01 
 
 Net loss 
 (45,021,027 
 (37.82 
 (61,324,056 
 (66.03 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 514,632 
 0.43 
 (426,352 
 (0.46 
 
 Net loss attributable to LifeMD, Inc. 
 (45,535,659 
 (38.25 
 (60,897,704 
 (65.57 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 (3,106,250 
 (2.61 
 (871,476 
 (0.94 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (48,641,909 
 (40.86 
 (61,769,180 
 (66.51 

Total
revenue, net. Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 119.0 million, an increase of 28 compared to approximately
 92.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenues was attributable to both the increase in telehealth revenue
of 21 and an increase in WorkSimpli revenue of 47 . Telehealth revenue accounts for 69 of total revenue and has increased in the year
ended December 31, 2022 due to an increase in online sales demand, with the majority of the growth of our telehealth brands, RexMD and
ShapiroMD. WorkSimpli revenue accounts for 31 of total revenue and has steadily increased year over year due to a combination of higher
demand, increased market awareness, enhanced digital capabilities, continued marketing campaign expansion and the addition of the ResumeBuild
brand in the first quarter of 2022. While a portion of our growth could be attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic, management strongly
believes our growth is primarily a result of the strength of our healthcare brands. 

Total
cost of revenue. Total cost of revenue consists of the cost of (1) telehealth revenues, which primarily include product costs, pharmacy
fulfillment costs, physician consult fees, and shipping costs directly attributable to our prescription and OTC products and (2) the
cost of WorkSimpli revenue consisting primarily of information technology fees related to providing the services made available on our
online platform. Total cost of revenue increased by approximately 4 to approximately 18.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to approximately 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increased combined cost of revenue was due to increased
sales volume when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Telehealth costs decreased to 22 of associated telehealth revenues experienced
during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 26 of associated telehealth revenues during the year ended December 31, 2021. WorkSimpli
costs were 2 of associated WorkSimpli revenues for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

30 

Gross
profit. Gross profit increased by approximately 34 to approximately 100.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
approximately 74.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of revenues was 84 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to 81 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of revenues for telehealth was 78 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 74 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and for WorkSimpli was 98 for both the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in sales volume for both telehealth and WorkSimpli and improved pricing have contributed
to the increase in gross profit. 

Total
expenses. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 143.8 million, as compared to approximately 129.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This represents an increase of 11 , or 14.6 million. The increase is primarily attributable
to: 

(i) 
 General
 and administrative expenses: During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation was 13.7 million, with the majority
 related to stock compensation expense attributable to service-based stock options and restricted stock units, as compared to stock-based
 compensation expense of 12.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This category also consists of merchant processing fees,
 payroll expenses for corporate employees, taxes and licenses, amortization expense and legal and professional fees. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an increase of approximately 7.4 million in general and administrative expenses, primarily
 related to an increase in payroll of 7.0 million incurred to support the sales volume increases and growth of the Company and the
 increase in stock-based compensation costs referenced above, partially offset by a Company-wide strategic reduction in costs. 

(ii) 
 Goodwill
 and intangible asset impairment charges: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an 8.0 million goodwill impairment
 charge and an 827 thousand intangible asset impairment charge related to a decline in the estimated fair value of Cleared as a result
 of a decline in the Cleared financial projections. 

(iii) 
 Other
 operating expenses: This consists of rent and lease expense, insurance, office supplies and software subscriptions, royalty expense
 and bank charges. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an increase of approximately 3.4 million, or 102 , primarily
 related to increases in office supplies and software subscriptions of 1.1 million, insurance of 1 million, and additional lease
 expense related to a lease entered into at the end of 2021 of 400 thousand. 

(iv) 
 Customer
 service expenses: This consists of rent, insurance, payroll and benefit expenses related to the Company s customer service
 department located in South Carolina and Puerto Rico. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an increase of approximately
 2.2 million, primarily related to increases in infrastructure costs and headcount in the Company s customer service department. 

(v) 
 Development
 costs: This mainly relates to third-party technology services for developing and maintaining our online platforms and information
 technology services for our online products. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an increase of approximately
 2.0 million primarily resulting from technology platform improvements and amortization expenses. 

(vi) 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration: During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a 5.1 million reduction to the Cleared contingent consideration as a result of the remeasurement
of the fair value. The decline in the estimated fair value of the Cleared contingent consideration is a result of a decline in the Cleared
financial projections and the removal of all earn-out payments payable by the Company from the terms of the First Amendment. 

These
increases in operating expenses were partially offset by a decrease in selling and marketing expenses which consist of online marketing
and advertising expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a decrease of approximately 4.2 million in selling
and marketing costs resulting from a Company-wide strategic reduction in costs and alignment of sales and marketing initiatives to drive
the Company s recurring revenue subscription-based sales model. 

Other
 Expenses, net 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (1,275,946 
 (3,019,716 
 
 Gain (loss) on debt forgiveness 
 63,400 
 (3,995,559 
 
 Total 
 (1,212,546 
 (7,015,275 

Other
expenses, net for the year ended December 31, 2022, consists of interest expensed on the Company s notes payable and Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock partially offset by the gain on debt forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loans. Other expenses for the year ended December
31, 2021, consists of interest expense and amortization of debt discount recorded related to the June 1, 2021 Purchase Agreement and
loss on debt extinguishment which is attributable to the extinguishment of the June 1, 2021 Purchase Agreement of 4,180,473 in
October 2021 partially offset by the gain on debt forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loans of 184,914 recorded during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

31 

Working
Capital 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Current
 assets 

11,311,357 

44,921,440 

Current
 liabilities 

31,374,151 

22,825,589 

Working
 capital 

(20,062,794)

22,095,851 

Working
capital decreased by approximately 42.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in current assets is primarily
attributable to a decrease in cash of approximately 37.4 million, partially offset by an increase in inventory of 2.1 million due to
timing of purchases and an increase in accounts receivable of approximately 1.9 million. Current liabilities increased by 8.5 million,
which was primarily attributable to an increase in deferred revenue of approximately 4.0 million due to increased sales for products
which the customer has not yet obtained control due to delivery not commensurate upon shipment of the product, an increase in notes payable
of 2.7 million, an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 1.6 million as a result of the Company extending payables and
credit terms with vendors and accrual of the noncontingent milestone payments related to the Cleared acquisition of 2.6 million due
in 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (22,935,149 
 (33,085,489 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (13,905,733 
 (3,402,289 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (528,200 
 68,636,742 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (37,369,082 
 32,148,964 

Since
inception, the Company has funded operations through the collections from revenues provided by the sales of its products, issuances of
common and preferred stock, receipt of loans and advances from officers and directors, and the issuance of convertible notes to third-party
investors. Rising interest rates and inflation may increase the cost of capital and make it more difficult for us to access capital markets. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with approximately
 33.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The significant factors contributing to the net cash used in operations during the
year ended December 31, 2022, include the net loss of approximately 45.0 million inclusive of the following: (1) 13.7 million in non-cash
stock-based compensation charges, (2) 8.9 million in non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges related to a decline
in the estimated fair value of Cleared as a result of a decline in the Cleared financial projections and (3) 3.8 million in non-cash
depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a 5.1 million reduction to the Cleared contingent consideration as a result of the
remeasurement of the fair value. Additionally, an increase in inventory of 2.2 million due to the timing of purchases, an increase in
accounts receivable of 2.2 million and a decrease in accrued expenses and other operating activities of 2.2 million excluding noncontingent
payments to Cleared contributed to net cash used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors contributing to net
cash used in operations were partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue of 4.0 million due to increased sales for products
which the customer has not yet obtained control due to delivery not commensurate upon shipment of the product and accounts payable of
 1.3 million as a result of the Company extending payables and credit terms with vendors. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 13.9 million, as compared with net cash used
in investing activities of 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities was primarily due
to cash paid for capitalized software costs of approximately 8.5 million, cash paid for the purchase of the ResumeBuild brand of approximately
 4.0 million, cash paid for the Cleared acquisition of approximately 1.0 million and cash paid for the purchase of equipment of 367
thousand. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to cash paid for capitalized software
costs of approximately 3.1 million, the purchase of equipment of approximately 247 thousand and the purchase of an intangible asset
of approximately 22 thousand. 

Net
cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 528 thousand as compared with net cash provided
by financing activities of approximately 68.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
net cash used in financing activities consisted of preferred stock dividends of 3.1 million, repayment of notes payable of 169 thousand,
contingent consideration payments made related to the ResumeBuild brand acquisition of 156 thousand and distributions to non-controlling
interest of 144 thousand. These decreases were partially offset by proceeds from notes payable of 2.9 million, proceeds from the exercise
of options and warrants of 129 thousand and proceeds received from the sale of a portion of the Company s membership interest
in WorkSimpli of 12 thousand. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of (1) net proceeds
of 14.9 million from the private placement, pursuant to the June 1, 2021 Purchase Agreement, (2) net proceeds of 13.5 million from
the private placement pursuant to the February 2021 Purchase Agreement, (3) net proceeds from the exercise of options and warrants during
the period of approximately 1.2 million, (4) net proceeds from the sale of common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement of approximately
 0.5 million, in connection with our filed shelf registration and launch of an at-the-market program on June 8, 2021, (5) our entry into
a merchant funding agreement, and (6) the October 4, 2021 Offerings whereby the Company received total net proceeds of 55.3 million.
These increases in net cash from financing activities were partially offset by the repayment of 15.0 million outstanding on the June
1, 2021 Purchase Agreement, repayment of notes payable, and the purchase of the additional membership interest of WorkSimpli. 

32 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources Outlook 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated deficit approximating 190.6 million and has experienced significant losses from
its operations. To date, the Company has been funding operations primarily through the sales of its products, issuance of common and
preferred stock and through loans and advances from officers and directors. Our primary short-term and long-term requirements for liquidity
and capital are for customer acquisitions, fund business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, working capital
including our noncancelable operating lease obligations, noncontingent consideration, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes.
The Company has a current cash balance of approximately 14.6 million as of the filing date. 

On
June 8, 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, which was declared effective on
June 22, 2021 (the 2021 Shelf ). Under the 2021 Shelf at the time of effectiveness, the Company had the ability to raise
up to 150 million by selling common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, and units. In conjunction with the 2021 Shelf,
the Company also entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities,
Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. relating to the sale of its common stock. In accordance with the terms of the ATM Sales Agreement,
the Company may, but is not obligated to, offer and sell, from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price
of up to 60 million, through or to the Agents, acting as agent or principal. Sales of common stock, if any, will be made by any method
permitted that is deemed an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. As of December 31,
2022, the Company has 59.5 million available under the ATM Sales Agreement and 32 million available under the 2021 Shelf. 

In
October 2022, the Company received proceeds of 976,000 under a 12-month working capital loan with Amazon pursuant to the Amazon Lending
Agreement. The terms of the loan include interest in the amount of 62,157. The total outstanding balance of 976,000, is included in
notes payable, net, on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

In
November 2022, the Company received proceeds of 1,930,000 under two 10-month working capital loans with Balanced Management pursuant
to the Business Loan and Security Agreement. The terms of the loans include loan origination fees in the amount of 60,000 and total
interest of 840,000. The total outstanding balance of 1,821,250, is included in notes payable, net on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 90,400 shares of common stock for the exercise of stock options for cash
proceeds of 90,400. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 22,000 shares of common stock for the exercise of warrants for cash proceeds
of 38,500. 

The
Company s continued operations are dependent upon obtaining an increase in its sales volumes which the Company has been successful
in achieving to date. However, there can be no assurances that we will continue to be successful in increasing revenues, improving operational
efficiencies or that financing will be available or, if available, that such financing will be available under favorable terms. 

The
Company reviewed its forecasted operating results and sources and uses of cash used in management s assessment, which included
the available financing and consideration of positive and negative evidence impacting management s forecasts, market, and industry
factors. The Company s continuance as a going concern is highly dependent on its future profitability and on the on-going support
of its stockholders, affiliates, and creditors. Based on these circumstances, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company has begun to implement strategies to strengthen revenues and improve operational efficiencies across the business and is significantly
curtailing expenses, however, these strategies do not mitigate the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management believes that the overall market value of the telehealth industry is positive and that it will continue to
drive interest in the Company. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated
financial statements included in this report. We believe that the accounting policies below are critical for one to fully understand
and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

33 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company records revenue under the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , by analyzing exchanges with its
customers using a five-step analysis: 

1. 
 Identify
 the contract 
 
 2. 
 Identify
 performance obligations 
 
 3. 
 Determine
 the transaction price 
 
 4. 
 Allocate
 the transaction price 
 
 5. 
 Recognize
 revenue 

For
the Company s product-based contracts with customers, the Company has determined that there is one performance obligation, which
is the delivery of the product; this performance obligation is transferred at a discrete point in time. The Company generally records
sales of finished products once the customer places and pays for the order, with the product being simultaneously shipped by a third-party
fulfillment service provider. In some cases, the customer does not obtain control until the product reaches the customer s delivery
site; in these cases, recognition of revenue is deferred until that time. In all cases, delivery is considered to have occurred when
the customer obtains control, which is usually commensurate upon shipment of the product. In the case where delivery is not commensurate
upon shipment of the product, recognition of revenue is deferred until that time. In the case of its product-based contracts, the Company
provides a subscription sensitive service based on the recurring shipment of products. The Company records the related revenue under
the subscription agreements subsequent to receiving the monthly product order, recording the revenue at the time it fulfills the shipment
obligation to the customer. 

For
its product-based contracts with customers, the Company records an estimate for provisions of discounts, returns, allowances, customer
rebates, and other adjustments for its product shipments and are reflected as contra revenues in arriving at reported net revenues. The
Company s discounts and customer rebates are known at the time of sale; correspondingly, the Company reduces gross product sales
for such discounts and customer rebates. The Company estimates customer returns and allowances based on information derived from historical
transaction detail and accounts for such provisions, as contra revenue, during the same period in which the related revenues are earned.
The Company has determined that the population of its product-based contracts with customers are homogenous, supporting the ability to
record estimates for returns and allowances to be applied to the entire product-based portfolio population. Customer discounts, returns
and rebates on product revenues approximated 5.2 million and 4.7 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

The
Company, through its majority-owned subsidiary WorkSimpli, offers a subscription-based service providing a suite of software applications
to its subscribers, principally on a monthly subscription basis. The software suite allows the subscriber/user to convert almost any
type of document to another electronic form of editable document, providing ease of editing. For these subscription-based contracts with
customers, the Company offers an initial 14-day trial period which is billed at 1.95, followed by a monthly subscription, or a yearly
subscription to the Company s software suite dependent on the subscriber s enrollment selection. The Company has estimated
that there is one product and one performance obligation that is delivered over time, as the Company allows the subscriber to access
the suite of services for the time period of the subscription purchased. The Company allows the customer to cancel at any point during
the billing cycle, in which case the customers subscription will not be renewed for the following month or year depending on the original
subscription. The Company records the revenue over the customers subscription period for monthly and yearly subscribers or at the end
of the initial 14-day service period for customers who purchased the initial subscription, as the circumstances dictate. The Company
offers a discount for the monthly or yearly subscriptions being purchased, which is deducted at the time of payment at the initiation
of the contract term; therefore the Contract price is fixed and determinable at the contract initiation. Monthly and annual subscriptions
for the service are recorded net of the Company s known discount rates. Customer discounts and allowances on WorkSimpli revenues
approximated 2.5 million and 1.8 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued contract liabilities, as deferred revenue, of approximately 5.5 million and 1.5
million respectively, which represent the following: (1) obligations for products which the customer has not yet obtained control due
to delivery not commensurate upon shipment of the product, (2) obligations on WorkSimpli in-process monthly or yearly contracts with
customers and (3) a portion attributable to the yet to be recognized WorkSimpli initial 14-day trial period collections. 

Capitalized
Software Costs 

The
Company capitalizes certain internal payroll costs and third-party costs related to internally developed software and amortizes these
costs using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, generally three years. The Company does not sell
internally developed software other than through the use of subscription service. Certain development costs not meeting the criteria
for capitalization, in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software , are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company capitalized 12.1 million and 3.6 million, respectively, related to internally developed software costs which is amortized
over the useful life and included in development costs on our statement of operations. The increase in capitalized software costs of
 8.5 million or 236 , is primarily attributable to costs incurred related to development efforts of our LifeMD PC platform. 

34 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination.
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the asset may be impaired. Goodwill in the amount of 8.0 million was recognized in conjunction with the Cleared acquisition during the
three months ended March 31, 2022 (see Note 3 Acquisitions to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). The
Company recorded an 8.0 million goodwill impairment charge and an 827 thousand intangible asset impairment charge during the year ended
December 31, 2022 related to a decline in the estimated fair value of Cleared as a result of a decline in the Cleared financial projections. 

Other
intangible assets are comprised of: (1) a customer relationship asset, (2) the Cleared trade name, (3) Cleared developed technology, (4)
a purchased license and (5) a purchased domain name. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company recorded an 827 thousand impairment loss related to a decline in the estimated fair value of the Cleared customer
relationship intangible asset with an original cost of 919 thousand and accumulated amortization of 92 thousand. Other intangible
assets are amortized over their estimated lives using the straight-line method. Costs incurred to renew or extend the term of
recognized intangible assets are capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the asset. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets include equipment and capitalized software. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If such assets are considered to be impaired, an impairment is
recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair values of the assets. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company determined that no events or changes in circumstances existed that would indicate any impairment of its long-lived
assets. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

In
October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No.
2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805); Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers .
This new guidance affects all entities that enter into a business combination within the scope of ASC 805-10. Under this new guidance,
the acquirer should determine what contract assets and/or liabilities it would have recorded under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers , as of the acquisition date, as if the acquirer had entered into the original contract at the same date and on the
same terms as the acquirer. Under current U.S. GAAP, contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination are
recorded by the acquirer at fair value. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effects that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

Application
of New or Revised Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 

All
other accounting standards updates that have been issued or proposed by the FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are
not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our
management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls
and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. 

35 

Our
management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
and subject to the foregoing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
of our Company and its consolidated subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its chief executive
and chief financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external
reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was
not effective. 

A
material weakness, as defined in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are
indicative of many small companies with small number of staff: 

(i) 
 inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 
 
 (ii) 
 inadequate controls related to revenue recognition; 
 
 (iii) 
 insufficient
 written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both U.S.
 GAAP and SEC Guidelines; and 
 
 (iv) 
 inadequate
 information technology general controls specifically related to security, segregation of duties, user access, restricted access and change management. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weakness 

Management
has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses
are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The Company has formally documented its
procedures for many of the significant accounting and financial reporting processes, in addition to, identifying and remediating design
deficiencies in its processes. The other remediation actions planned include: 

(i) 
 implementation of controls to ensure revenue is recognized upon shipment; 
 
 (ii) 
 further
 documentation and implementation of control procedures and the implementation of control monitoring; and 
 
 (iii) 
 identify
 and remedy gaps in our information technology general controls specifically related to the areas
of security, segregation of duties, user access, restricted access and change management. 

We
are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant
improvements in our control environment. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach
and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Management s
report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit a Smaller Reporting Company to provide only Management s
report in this annual report, which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting
go undetected. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As
discussed above, we are implementing certain measures to remediate the material weaknesses identified in the design and operation of
our internal control over financial reporting. Other than those measures, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that
materially affected our internal control over financial reporting as of that date. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information relating to our Board of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance required by this item is incorporated by
reference to our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is
incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal
year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal
year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal
year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal
year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

37 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following exhibits are included as part of this Annual Report: 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date/Period End Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2022, by and amount Cleared Technologies, PBC, identified stockholders, and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 1/12/2022 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2023, by and among Cleared Technologies, PBC, identified stockholders, and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 2/10/2023 
 
 2.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2022, by and between WorkSimpli Software LLC and East Fusion FZCO 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 2/22/2022 
 
 2.4 
 
 Promissory Note dated as of October 19, 2021, issued by WorkSimpli Software LLC to LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.2 
 
 2/22/2022 
 
 2.5 
 
 First Addendum, dated as of February 14, 2022, to Promissory Note, issued by WorkSimpli Software LLC to LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.3 
 
 2/22/2022 
 
 2.6 
 
 Equity Purchase Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among Fitzpatrick Consulting LLC, Sean Fitzpatrick and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.4 
 
 2/22/2022 
 
 2.7 
 
 Stock Option Pledge Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2022, by and between Fitzpatrick Consulting LLC and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.5 
 
 2/22/2022 
 
 2.7 
 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 2/10/2023 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, As Amended 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Immudyne, Inc., effective April 9, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/18/2012 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Convertible Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/19/2019 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 8/19/2019 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 5/27/2020 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of PA Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/4/2020 
 
 4.5 
 
 LifeMD, Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan 

4.6 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Option Agreement (Non-Employee Director Awards) 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 1/14/2021 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Option Agreement (Employee Awards) 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.3 
 
 1/14/2021 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.4 
 
 1/14/2021 
 
 4.9 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.9 
 
 3/7/2021 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Debenture 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Senior Indenture 
 
 S-3 
 
 4.5 
 
 6/8/2021 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture 
 
 S-3 
 
 4.6 
 
 6/8/2021 
 
 10.1 # 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Sean Fitzpatrick, dated July 23, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/29/2018 
 
 10.2 # 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Stefan Galluppi, dated March 18, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.10 
 
 8/14/2019 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/19/2019 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/19/2019 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated May 8, 2019 by and between LegalSimpli Software, LLC and Conversion Labs PR LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/13/2019 
 
 10.6 
 
 Security Agreement, dated May 8, 2019 and between LegalSimpli Software, LLC and Conversion Labs PR LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/13/2019 
 
 10.7 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and between the Company, Conversion Labs PR LLC, Taggart International Trust and American Nutra Tech LLC, dated April 25, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/31/2019 
 
 10.8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Conversion Labs PR 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/31/2019 
 
 10.9 
 
 Operating Agreement of Conversion Labs RX, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/7/2019 

10.10 
 
 Strategic Partnership Agreement, dated May 31, 2019, by and between Conversion Labs RX, LLC and Specialty Medical Drugstore (d/b/a GoGo Meds) 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 6/7/2019 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment to Kalkstein Consulting Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/20/2019 

38 

10.12 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated May 31, 2019, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Harborside Advisors, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/7/2019 
 
 10.13 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated May 31, 2019, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Happy Walters 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 6/7/2019 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment
 to Kalkstein Consulting Agreement, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Robert Kalkstein 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/20/2019 
 
 10.15 # 
 
 Fitzpatrick
 Amendment by and between the Company and Mr. Sean Fitzpatrick 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/24/2020 
 
 10.16 # 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Nicholas Alvarez 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/24/2020 
 
 10.17 
 
 Alpha
 2019 Note Repayment and Warrant Amendment 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/19/2020 
 
 10.18 
 
 Alpha
 2018 Warrant Amendment 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/19/2020 
 
 10.19 
 
 Brio
 2019 Note Repayment and Warrant Amendment 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.5 
 
 5/19/2020 
 
 10.20 
 
 Brio
 2018 Warrant Amendment 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.6 
 
 5/19/2020 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.7 
 
 5/19/2020 
 
 10.22 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement by and between the Company and Auxo Technology Labs 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.8 
 
 5/19/2020 
 
 10.23 
 
 Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 27, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/28/2020 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form
 of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form
 of Consulting Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form
 of Consulting Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form
 of Purchased Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 8/31/2020 
 
 10.31 
 
 Letter from Borgers dated September 28, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 16.1 
 
 9/29/2020 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amended Consulting Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/30/2020 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/4/2020 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/4/2020 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/4/2020 
 
 10.36 # 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated November 20, 2020 by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Eric H. Yecies 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/25/2020 
 
 10.37 # 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated November 27, 2020, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Brad Roberts 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/3/2020 
 
 10.38 # 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 8, 2020, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Nicholas Alvarez 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/11/2020 
 
 10.39 # 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 21, 2020, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Brad Roberts 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/28/2020 
 
 10.40 # 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated January 5, 2021, by and between the Company and Bryant Hussey 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/11/2021 
 
 10.41 # 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Anthony Puopolo 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/14/2021 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form
 of CVLB PR Exchange Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/26/2021 
 
 10.43 
 
 Form
 of CVLB PR MIPA 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/26/2021 
 
 10.44 
 
 Form
 of Founding Members MIPA 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/26/2021 
 
 10.45 
 
 Amendment
 to LSS Operating Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/28/2021 
 
 10.46 
 
 Fitzpatrick
 Option Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 1/28/2021 
 
 10.47 
 Pathak
 Option Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 1/28/2021 
 
 10.48 # 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Marc Benathen 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/10/2021 
 
 10.49 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/12/2021 
 
 10.50 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/12/2021 
 
 10.51 # 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between Conversion Labs, Inc. and Corey Deutsch 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/4/2021 
 
 10.52 # 
 Consulting Service Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, by and between the Company and JLS Ventures, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.56 
 
 3/30/2021 
 
 10.53 # 
 Amended Employment Agreement, dated February 3, 2021, by and between the Company and Corey Deutsch 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/3/2021 
 
 10.54 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchasers 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 10.55 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 10.56 
 Form of Company Security Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 10.57 
 Form of Guarantor Security Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 6/3/2021 

39 

10.58 
 
 Form of Guaranty Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 10.59 
 
 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 10.60 # 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Alex Mironov 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.8 
 
 8/13/2021 
 
 10.61 # 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Brad Roberts 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.9 
 
 8/13/2021 
 
 10.62 # 
 
 Amendment to LifeMD, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.10 
 
 8/13/2021 
 
 10.63 # 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Brad Roberts 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.11 
 
 8/13/2021 
 
 10.64 # 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Nicholas Alvarez and LifeMD, Inc., dated July 19, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/22/2021 
 
 10.65 # 
 
 Renewed Director Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, by and between LifeMD, Inc. and Roberto Simon 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/4/2021 
 
 10.66 # 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement by and between the Company and Alexander Mironov, dated June 10, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.14 
 
 8/13/2021 
 
 10.67 # 
 
 Director Agreement between LifeMD, Inc. and Naveen Bhatia, dated September 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/13/2021 
 
 10.68 # 
 
 Consulting Services Agreement between Naveen Bhatia and LifeMD, Inc., dated September 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/13/2021 
 
 10.69 # 
 
 Renewed Director Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, by and between LifeMD, Inc. and John Strawn 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/10/2021 
 
 10.70 # 
 
 Renewed Director Agreement, dated September 21, 2021, by and between LifeMD, Inc. and Dr. Joseph V. DiTrolio 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/10/2021 
 
 10.71 # 
 
 First Amendment dated January 27, 2022 to the Employment Agreement between Marc Benathen and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/2/2022 
 
 10.72 # 
 
 First Amendment dated January 27, 2022 to the Employment Agreement between Eric Yecies and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/2/2022 
 
 10.73 # 
 
 First Amendment dated February 4, 2022 to the Employment Agreement between Maria Stan and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.74 # 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 15, 2021 between Maria Stan and LifeMD, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.75 # 
 
 LifeMD, Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF14A 
 
 A 
 
 4/29/2022 
 
 10.76 # 
 
 Director Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, between LifeMD, Inc. and Robert Jindal 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/20/2022 
 
 10.77 # 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, between LifeMD, Inc. and Robert Jindal 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/20/2022 
 
 10.78 # 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, between LifeMD, Inc. and Robert Jindal 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/20/2022 
 
 10.79 # 
 
 Director Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, between LifeMD, Inc. and Kate Walsh 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/21/2022 
 
 10.80 # 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, between LifeMD, Inc. and Kate Walsh 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/21/2022 
 
 10.81 # 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, between LifeMD, Inc. and Kate Walsh 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/21/2022 
 
 10.82 # 
 
 Employment Agreement between Jessica Friedeman and LifeMD, Inc. dated January 3, 2023 

10.83 # 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Jessica Friedeman and LifeMD, Inc. dated January 3, 2023 

10.84 # 
 
 Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement between Jessica Friedeman and LifeMD, Inc. dated January 3, 2023 

10.85 # 
 
 Director Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between LifeMD, Inc. and Joan LaRovere 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/10/2023 
 
 10.86 # 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between LifeMD, Inc. and Joan LaRovere 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/10/2023 
 
 10.87 # 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between LifeMD, Inc. and Joan LaRovere 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/10/2023 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Friedman LLP, to the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated September 14, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 16.1 
 
 9/14/2022 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

23.2 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney (included on signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.INS) 

#
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished
herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Justin Schreiber 

Justin
 Schreiber 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

POWERS
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Justin Schreiber, Marc Benathen,
Maria Stan, Eric Yecies and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney in fact with power of substitution and resubstitution
to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments
that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments hereto,
as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys in
fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Justin Schreiber 

Justin
 Schreiber 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(principal
 executive officer) 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Marc Benathen 

Marc
 Benathen 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer) 

Date:
 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Maria Stan 

Maria
 Stan 

Chief
 Accounting Officer and Controller 

(principal
 accounting officer) 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Stefan Galluppi 

Stefan
 Galluppi 

Chief
 Innovation Officer and Director 

Date:
 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Naveen Bhatia 

Naveen
 Bhatia 

Director 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Roberto Simon 

Roberto
 Simon 

Director 

Date:
 
 March
 22, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Bertrand Velge 

Bertrand
 Velge 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 John Strawn 

John
 Strawn 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Joseph DiTrolio 

Joseph
 DiTrolio, M.D. 

Director

Date:
 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert Jindal 

Robert
 Jindal 

Director

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 

Joan
 LaRovere 

Director

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

41 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 PCAOB ID No. ; PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9
 to F-33 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of LifeMD, Inc . 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of LifeMD, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, incurred significant losses and cash used in operations and may
need to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s
 a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Capitalized
Software Development Costs 

Description
of the matter 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company develops software within the scope of ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software Topic 350 . Costs associated with the application development stage are capitalized. Maintenance and enhancement costs,
including costs in the post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades
and enhancements that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized. Capitalized amounts are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software. 

F- 2 

We
identified capitalized software development costs as a critical audit matter. Our principal considerations for this determination were
the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity required in evaluating management s determination of the activities and costs
that qualify for capitalization and the relevant software development guidance to be applied under the applicable accounting standards. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical matter included: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the Company s process for determining the activities and
 costs that qualify for capitalization and the relevant software development guidance to be
 applied under the applicable accounting standards 
 
 We
 tested the mathematical accuracy of the roll forward of capitalized software and related
 amortization expense. 
 
 For
 a sample of capitalized costs, we evaluated the relevance of the software development guidance
 applied by performing the following: 

We
 inspected underlying documentation and assessed the eligibility of costs for capitalization,
 to the application of the correct guidance. 
 
 We
 recalculated the capitalization amount based on hours incurred and direct payroll related
 costs or associated vendor contracts and invoices for work performed by third parties. 
 
 We
 evaluated the software implementation timelines and related underlying documentation supporting
 the capitalization periods for implementation and development amounts as well as the date
 the costs were placed in service. 
 
 We
 inquired of project managers for significant projects to assess the nature of the costs,
 the time devoted to capitalizable activities and the underlying documentation. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022.) 

March 22, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of LifeMD, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of LifeMD, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Friedman llp 

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2020-2022. 

March
7, 2022 

F- 4 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Product deposit 

Inventory, net 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current Assets 

Equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Capitalized software, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total Non-current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Notes payable, net 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Purchase price payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 

Mezzanine Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, liquidation value approximately, and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, liquidation value approximately, and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, and shares, at cost, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total LifeMD, Inc. Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Telehealth revenue, net 

WorkSimpli revenue, net 

Total revenues, net 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of telehealth revenue 

Cost of WorkSimpli revenue 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 Other operating expenses 

Customer service expenses 

Development costs 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Total expenses 

Operating loss 

Interest expense, net 

Gain (loss) on debt forgiveness 

Loss from operations before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to LifeMD, Inc. 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to LifeMD, Inc. common stockholders 

Basic loss per share attributable to LifeMD, Inc. common stockholders 

Diluted loss per share attributable to LifeMD, Inc. common stockholders 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Total 
 Interest 
 Total 

LifeMD, Inc. 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Total 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Cashless exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued for debt instruments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock in private placement, net 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock under ATM, net 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Series A Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Series A Preferred Stock Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Distribution to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of additional membership interest of WorkSimpli 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Adjustment of non-controlling interest for additional investment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, 

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Cashless exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock issued for legal settlement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Series A Preferred Stock Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Distribution to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Adjustment of membership interest in WorkSimpli 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net (loss) income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Amortization of capitalized software 

Amortization of intangibles 

Accretion of consideration payable 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation of fixed assets 

Write-down of inventory 

Sales returns reserve 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss on debt forgiveness 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred income tax provision 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease payments 

Stock issued for legal settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation expense 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Product deposit 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Change in operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other operating activity 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash paid for capitalized software costs 

Purchase of equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Cash proceeds from private placement offering, net 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of debt instruments 
 - 

Cash proceeds from Series A Preferred and Common Stock Offering 
 - 

Repayment of debt instruments 
 - 

Cash proceeds from sale of common stock under ATM 
 - 

Cash proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Cash proceeds from exercise of options 

Preferred stock dividends 

Purchase of membership interest of WorkSimpli 
 - 

Adjustment of membership interest in WorkSimpli 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent consideration payment for ResumeBuild acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Cashless exercise of options 

Consideration payable for Cleared acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Consideration payable for ResumeBuild acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Principal of Paycheck Protection Program loans forgiven 

Additional purchase of membership in WorkSimpli issued in performance options 
 - 

Warrants issued for debt instruments 
 - 

Right of use asset 

Right of use lease liability 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

per share on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC changed from CVLB 
to LFMD . 

On
April 1, 2016, the original operating agreement of Immudyne PR LLC Immudyne PR ), a joint venture to market the Company s
immune support, skincare, and hair loss was amended and restated and the Company increased its ownership and voting interest in Immudyne
PR to . Concurrent with the name change of the parent company to Conversion Labs, Inc., Immudyne PR was renamed to Conversion Labs
PR LLC. On April 25, 2019, the operating agreement of Conversion Labs PR was amended and restated in its entirety to increase the Company s
ownership and voting interest in Conversion Labs PR to . On February 22, 2021, concurrent with the name change of the parent company
to LifeMD, Inc., Conversion Labs PR LLC was renamed to LifeMD PR LLC. 

In
June 2018, the Company closed the strategic acquisition of of LegalSimpli Software, LLC, which operates a software as a service application
for converting, editing, signing, and sharing PDF documents called PDFSimpli. In addition to LegalSimpli Software, LLC s growth
business model, this acquisition added deep search engine optimization and search engine marketing expertise to the Company. On July
15, 2021, LegalSimpli Software, LLC, changed its name to WorkSimpli Software LLC, WorkSimpli ). Effective January 22, 2021,
the Company consummated a transaction to restructure the ownership of WorkSimpli (the WSS Restructuring (See Note 8) and
concurrently increased its ownership interest in WorkSimpli to . Effective September 30, 2022, two option agreements were exercised
which further restructured the ownership of WorkSimpli. As a result, the Company s ownership interest in WorkSimpli decreased to
 . See Note 8 for additional information. 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company acquired Cleared Technologies, PBC, a Delaware public benefit corporation Cleared ), a nationwide
allergy telehealth platform that provides personalized treatments for allergy, asthma, and immunology (See Note 3 Acquisitions
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). 

Nature
of Business 

The Company is a direct-to-patient telehealth company providing patients
a high-quality, cost-effective, and convenient way of accessing comprehensive, virtual healthcare. The Company believes the traditional
model of visiting a doctor s office, traveling to a local pharmacy, and returning for follow up care or prescription refills is
complex, inefficient, and costly, and discourages many individuals from seeking much needed medical care. The Company is positioned to
elevate the healthcare experience through telehealth with our proprietary technology platform, affiliated provider network, broad treatment
capabilities, and unique ability to nurture patient relationships. Direct-to-patient telehealth technology companies, like the Company,
connect consumers to affiliated, licensed, healthcare professionals for care across numerous indications, including urgent and primary
care, men s and women s health, and dermatology, chronic care management and more. 

The
Company s telehealth platform helps patients access their licensed providers for diagnoses, virtual care, and prescription medications,
often delivered on a recurring basis. In addition to its telehealth prescription offerings, the Company sells over-the-counter OTC products. All products are available on a subscription or membership basis, where a patient can subscribe to receive regular shipments
of prescribed medications or products. This creates convenience and often discounted pricing opportunities for patients and recurring
revenue streams for the Company. 

With
its first brand, ShapiroMD, the Company has built a full line of proprietary OTC products for male and female hair loss including
Food and Drug Administration FDA approved OTC minoxidil and an FDA-cleared medical device and now a personalized
telehealth platform offering that gives consumers access to virtual medical treatment from their providers and, when appropriate, a full
line of oral and topical prescription medications for hair loss. The Company s men s brand, RexMD, currently offers access
to provider-based treatment for erectile dysfunction, as well as treatment for other common men s health issues, including premature
ejaculation and hair loss. In the first quarter of 2021, the Company launched NavaMD, a tele-dermatology and skincare brand for women.
The Company has built a platform that allows it to efficiently launch telehealth and wellness product lines wherever it determines there
is a market need. 

Business
and Subsidiary History 

In
early 2019, the Company launched a service-based business under the name Conversion Labs Media LLC CVLB Media ), a Puerto
Rico limited liability company. However, this business initiative was terminated in early 2019. In May 2019, Conversion Labs Rx, LLC CVLB Rx ), a Puerto Rico limited liability company, signed a strategic partnership agreement with Specialty Medical Drugstore,
Inc. (doing business as GoGoMeds ). However, since its inception, CVLB Rx did not conduct any business and CVLB Rx was dissolved
on August 7, 2020. Additionally, Conversion Labs Asia Limited Conversion Labs Asia ), a Hong Kong company, had no activity
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company acquired Cleared, a nationwide allergy telehealth platform that provides personalized treatments for allergy,
asthma, and immunology. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of Cleared at closing in exchange
for a thousand upfront cash payment, and two non-contingent milestone payments for a total of million million each
on or before the first and second anniversaries of the closing date). The Company purchased a convertible note from a strategic pharmaceutical
investor for thousand which was converted upon closing of the Cleared acquisition. The Company also agreed to a performance-based
earnout based on Cleared s future net sales, payable in cash or shares at the Company s discretion. On February 4, 2023,
the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the First Amendment between the Company
and the sellers of Cleared. The First Amendment was amended to, among other things: (i) reduce the total purchase price by thousand
to a total of million; (ii) change the timing of the payment of the purchase price to thousand paid at closing (which has
already been paid by the Company), with the remaining amount to be paid in five quarterly installments beginning on or before February
6, 2023 and ending January 15, 2024; (iii) removing all earn-out payments payable by the Company to the sellers; and (iv)
remove certain representations and warranties of the Company and sellers in connection with the transaction (See Note 3 Acquisitions
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). 

In
February 2022, WorkSimpli closed on an Asset Purchase Agreement (the ResumeBuild APA with East Fusion FZCO, a Dubai, UAE
corporation (the Seller ), whereby WorkSimpli acquired substantially all of the assets associated with the Seller s
business, offering subscription-based resume building software through software as a service online platforms (the Acquisition ).
WorkSimpli paid million to the Seller upon closing. The Seller is also entitled to a minimum of thousand to be paid out in
quarterly payments equal to the greater of of net profits (as defined in the ResumeBuild APA) or , for a two-year period ending
on the two-year anniversary of the closing of the Acquisition. WorkSimpli borrowed the purchase price from the Company pursuant to a
promissory note with the obligation secured by an equity purchase guarantee agreement and a stock option pledge agreement from Fitzpatrick
Consulting, LLC and its sole member Sean Fitzpatrick, who is Co-Founder and President of WorkSimpli (See Note 3 Acquisitions to
our consolidated financial statements included in this report). 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the terms LifeMD, Company, we, us, and our 
refer to LifeMD, Inc. (formerly known as Conversion Labs, Inc.), our wholly subsidiary LifeMD PR LLC (formerly Immudyne PR LLC, and Conversion
Labs PR ), a Puerto Rico limited liability company Conversion Labs PR , or CLPR ), Cleared, a Delaware
public benefit corporation and our majority-owned subsidiary, WorkSimpli. The affiliated network of medical Professional Corporations
and medical Professional Associations administratively led by LifeMD Southern Patient Medical Care, P.C., LifeMD PC is
the Company s affiliated, variable interest entity in which we hold a controlling financial interest. Unless otherwise specified,
all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. 

Liquidity
 Going Concern Evaluation 

The
Company has funded operations in the past through the sales of its products, issuance of common and preferred stock, and through loans
and advances. The Company s continued operations are dependent upon obtaining an increase in its sale volumes and obtaining funding
from third-party sources or the issuance of additional shares of common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated deficit approximating million and has experienced significant losses from
its operations. To date, the Company has been funding operations primarily through the sales of its products, sale of equity in private
placements and securities purchased by a financial institution. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in increasing revenues,
improving operational efficiencies or that financing will be available or, if available, that such financing will be available under
favorable terms. 

The
Company has a current cash balance of approximately million as of the filing date. The Company reviewed its forecasted operating
results and sources and uses of cash used in management s assessment, which included the available financing and consideration
of positive and negative evidence impacting management s forecasts, market, and industry factors. The Company s continuance
as a going concern is highly dependent on its future profitability and on the on-going support of its stockholders, affiliates, and creditors.
Based on these circumstances, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

The
Company has begun to implement strategies to strengthen revenues and improve operational efficiencies across the business and is significantly
curtailing expenses, however, these strategies do not mitigate the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

Additionally,
on June 8, 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, which was declared effective
on June 22, 2021 (the 2021 Shelf ). Under the 2021 Shelf at the time of effectiveness, the Company had the ability to raise
up to million by selling common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, and units. In conjunction with the 2021 Shelf,
the Company also entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities,
Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. relating to the sale of its common stock. In accordance with the terms of the ATM Sales Agreement,
the Company may, but is not obligated to, offer and sell, from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price
of up to million, through or to the Agents, acting as agent or principal. Sales of common stock, if any, will be made by any method
permitted that is deemed an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. As of December 31,
2022, the Company has million available under the ATM Sales Agreement and million available under the 2021 Shelf. 

Management
believes that the overall market value of the telehealth industry is positive and that it will continue to drive interest in the Company. 

of WorkSimpli for a total equity
interest of approximately as of December 31 2021. Effective September 30, 2022, two option agreements were exercised which further
restructured the ownership of WorkSimpli. As a result, the Company s ownership interest in WorkSimpli decreased to . See
Note 8 for additional information. 

All
significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
Company determined that the LifeMD PC entity, the Company s affiliated network of medical Professional Corporations and medical
Professional Associations administratively led by LifeMD Southern Patient Medical Care, P.C., is a VIE and subject to consolidation.
LifeMD PC and the Company do not have any stockholders in common. LifeMD PC is owned by licensed physicians, and the Company maintains
a managed service agreement with LifeMD PC whereby we provide all non-clinical services to LifeMD PC. The Company determined that it
is the primary beneficiary of LifeMD PC and must consolidate, as we have both the power to direct the activities of LifeMD PC that most
significantly impact the economic performance of the entity and we have the obligation to absorb the losses. As a result, the Company
presents the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of LifeMD PC as part of the consolidated financial statements
of the Company. There is no non-controlling interest upon consolidation of LifeMD PC. 

Total
revenue and net loss for LifeMD PC was approximately thousand and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

of development services costs reclassified
from other operating expenses to development costs and (2) of lease expenses reclassified from general and administrative expenses
to other operating expenses, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

million and million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

The
Company, through its majority-owned subsidiary WorkSimpli, offers a subscription-based service providing a suite of software applications
to its subscribers, principally on a monthly subscription basis. The software suite allows the subscriber/user to convert almost any
type of document to another electronic form of editable document, providing ease of editing. For these subscription-based contracts with
customers, the Company offers an initial 14-day trial period which is billed at , followed by a monthly subscription, or a yearly
subscription to the Company s software suite dependent on the subscriber s enrollment selection. The Company has estimated
that there is one product and one performance obligation that is delivered over time, as the Company allows the subscriber to access
the suite of services for the time period of the subscription purchased. The Company allows the customer to cancel at any point during
the billing cycle, in which case the customers subscription will not be renewed for the following month or year depending on the original
subscription. The Company records the revenue over the customers subscription period for monthly and yearly subscribers or at the end
of the initial 14-day service period for customers who purchased the initial subscription, as the circumstances dictate. The Company
offers a discount for the monthly or yearly subscriptions being purchased, which is deducted at the time of payment at the initiation
of the contract term; therefore the Contract price is fixed and determinable at the contract initiation. Monthly and annual subscriptions
for the service are recorded net of the Company s known discount rates. Customer discounts and allowances on WorkSimpli revenues
approximated million and million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued contract liabilities, as deferred revenue, of approximately million and 
million respectively, which represent the following: (1) obligations for products which the customer has not yet obtained control due
to delivery not commensurate upon shipment of the product, (2) obligations on WorkSimpli in-process monthly or yearly contracts with
customers and (3) a portion attributable to the yet to be recognized WorkSimpli initial 14-day trial period collections. 

WorkSimpli revenue 

Total net revenue 

Additions 

Revenue recognized 

End of period 

thousand and thousand, respectively. For all periods presented,
the sales returns and allowances were recorded in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 

and , respectively. 

Raw materials and packaging components 

Inventory reserve 

Total Inventory - net 

to of the total purchased amount. Our vendors include a credit memo within their final invoice, recognizing the deposit amount
previously paid. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has approximately thousand and thousand, respectively, of product
deposits with multiple vendors for the purchase of raw materials or finished goods. The Company s history of product deposits with
its inventory vendors, creates an implicit purchase commitment equaling the total expected product acceptance cost in excess of the product
deposit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company approximates its implicit purchase commitments to be approximately thousand. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the vast majority of these product deposits are with two vendors that manufacturer the Company s finished
goods inventory for its Shapiro hair care product line. 

million and million, respectively, related to internally developed software costs which are
amortized over the useful life and included in development costs on our statement of operations. 

million was recognized in conjunction with the Cleared acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded an
 
million goodwill impairment charge and an thousand intangible asset impairment charge during the year ended December 31, 2022
related to a decline in the estimated fair value of Cleared as a result of a decline in the Cleared financial projections (see Note
3 Acquisitions to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). 

Other
intangible assets are comprised of: (1) a customer relationship asset , (2) the Cleared trade name, (3) Cleared developed technology,
(4) a purchased license and (5) a purchased domain name. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an 
 thousand impairment loss related to a decline in the estimated fair value of the Cleared customer relationship intangible asset
with an original cost of 
 thousand and accumulated amortization of 
 thousand. Other intangible assets are amortized over their estimated lives using the straight-line method. Costs incurred to renew
or extend the term of recognized intangible assets are capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the asset. 

thousand under the
Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses
of the qualifying business. The loans and accrued interest are forgivable after eight weeks as long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds
for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness
will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. The unforgiven portion of the
PPP loan is payable over two years at an interest rate of , with a deferral of payments for the first six months. The Company used
the proceeds for purposes consistent with the PPP. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and , respectively, of its PPP loans forgiven
by the Small Business Administration SBA (see Note 6). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no remaining PPP loan
balance. As of December 31, 2021, the PPP loan balance was and is reflected on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated
balance sheet as current liabilities, within notes payable, net. 

Restricted
 Stock Units (RSUs) 

Stock
 options 

Warrants 

Potentially
 dilutive securities 

operating segments: Telehealth and WorkSimpli. We believe our current segments and brands
within our segments complement one another and position us well for future growth. Segment operating results are reviewed by the chief
operating decision maker to make determinations about resources to be allocated and to assess performance. Other factors, including type
of business, revenue recognition and operating results are reviewed in determining the Company s operating segments. 

million, including cash paid upfront of approximately million and payable in the future of
approximately million, and contingent consideration of million. The purchase agreement included up to million of potential
earn-out payable in cash or stock upon achievement of revenue targets, which was originally recognized as contingent consideration. The
Company, with the assistance of a third-party valuation expert, estimated the fair value of the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible
assets using significant estimates such as revenue projections. The fair value of the identified intangible assets was based primarily on significant
unobservable inputs and thus represent a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . The fair value of the
trade name and developed technology were determined using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. The royalty rates
used to determine the fair value of the trade name and developed technology were and , respectively. The fair value of the customer
relationships was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method which involves forecasting the net earnings expected to be
generated. The customer attrition rate used to determine the fair value of the customer relationships was . The discount rate used
to determine the fair value of the trade name, developed technology and customer relationships was . 

Less: 

Customer relationship intangible asset 

Trade name intangible asset 

Developed technology intangible asset 

Inventory 

Fixed assets 

Deferred taxes 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Goodwill 

The
purchase price and purchase price allocation for Cleared was finalized as of September 30, 2022 with no significant changes to preliminary
amounts. Based on the final purchase price allocation, the aggregate goodwill recognized was million, which is not expected to be
deductible for income tax purposes. The amount allocated to goodwill and intangible assets reflected the benefits the Company expected
to realize from the growth of the acquisition s operations. 

thousand to a total of million; (ii) change the timing of the payment of the purchase price to thousand paid at closing
(which has already been paid by the Company), with the remaining amount to be paid in five quarterly installments beginning on or before
February 6, 2023 and ending January 15, 2024; (iii) remove all earn-out payments payable by the Company to the sellers;
and (iv) removing certain representations and warranties of the Company and sellers in connection with the transaction. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a decrease of million to the Cleared contingent consideration as a result
of the remeasurement of the fair value. The decline in the estimated fair value of the Cleared contingent consideration is a result of
a decline in the Cleared financial projections and the removal of all earn-out payments payable by the Company from the terms of the
First Amendment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also recorded an million goodwill impairment charge based
on the decline in the Cleared financial projections (See Note 4). 

The
pro forma financial information, assuming the acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2021, as well as the revenue and earnings generated
during the period after the acquisition date, were not material for separate disclosure and, accordingly, have not been presented. 

In
February 2022, WorkSimpli closed on the ResumeBuild APA to purchase the related intangible assets associated with the ResumeBuild brand,
a subscription-based resume building software. The acquisition further adds to the capabilities of the WorkSimpli software as a service
application. The purchase price was million, including cash paid upfront of million and contingent consideration of thousand.
In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , the Company accounted for the ResumeBuild APA as an acquisition of assets as
substantially all the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a group of similar assets. The Company has elected to
group the complementary intangible assets acquired as a single brand intangible asset. Additionally, the Seller is entitled to quarterly
payments equal to the greater of of net profits (as defined in the ResumeBuild APA) or , for a two-year period ending on the
two-year anniversary of the closing of the Acquisition. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration using the
income approach and will remeasure the fair value quarterly with changes accounted for through earnings. 

for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an million goodwill impairment charge related to a decline in the estimated
fair value of Cleared as a result of a decline in the Cleared financial projections. 

- 

Customer relationship asset 

Cleared trade name 
 
 - 

Cleared developed technology 
 
 - 

Purchased licenses 

Website domain name 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total net amortizable intangible assets 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss related to a decline in the estimated fair value of
the Cleared customer relationship intangible asset with an original cost of and accumulated amortization of . The aggregate
amortization expense of the Company s intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. Total amortization expense for 2023 through 2026 is approximately thousand per year and for 2027 is approximately
 thousand. 

Sales tax payable 

Purchase price payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued dividends payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

thousand (the PPP
Loan under the new Paycheck Protection Program legislation administered by the SBA. These loans bear interest at one percent
per annum and mature from the date of the first disbursement. Proceeds from the PPP Loan used by the Company for the approved expense categories may be fully forgiven
by the SBA if the Company satisfies applicable employee headcount and compensation requirements. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and of its PPP loans forgiven by the SBA which is included in gain on debt
forgiveness on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining PPP loan balance. As of December 31, 2021, the PPP loan balance was and is
reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as current liabilities, within notes payable, net. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
October 2022, the Company received proceeds of under a 12-month working capital loan with Amazon. The terms of the loan include
interest in the amount of . The total outstanding balance of , is included in notes payable, net, on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

In
November 2022, the Company received proceeds of under two 10-month working capital loans with Balanced Management. The terms
of the loans include loan origination fees in the amount of and total interest of . The total outstanding balance of
 , is included in notes payable, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Merchant
Funding Agreement 

On
March 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Merchant Funding Agreement with MO Technologies USA, LLC MO Tech ), which provides
cash advances to the Company based on the Company s accounts receivable for a total cash advance of . The terms of the
funding agreement include a service charge of on cash advances from MO Tech. The total balance owed under this agreement was repaid
in full in May 2021. 

On
June 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Merchant Funding Agreement with MO Tech, which provides cash advances to the Company based
on the Company s accounts receivable for a total cash advance of . The terms of the funding agreement include a service
charge of on cash advances from MO Tech. The total balance owed under this agreement was repaid in full in August 2021. 

Total
interest expense on notes payable, inclusive of amortization of debt discounts, amounted to and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an
exercise price of per share of warrants were issued to the Purchaser upon closing with the remaining warrants
only issued to the Purchaser in increments of if the Debenture remains outstanding for twelve and twenty four months, respectively,
following the closing date of the June 1, 2021 Purchase Agreement . The total fair value of the warrants issued to the Purchaser
upon closing was . The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
dividend yield of , expected term of years, volatility of , and risk-free rate of . The total fair value was recorded
to debt discount and was included as a reduction to long-term debt. The debt discount was assigned a twelve-month amortization period.
Total amortization of debt discount was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Warrant has
a term of . The Company received gross proceeds of million (net proceeds of million) as a result of the June 1,
2021 Purchase Agreement. In October 2021, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the October 4, 2021 Offerings to pay the
 million outstanding on the June 1, 2021 Purchase Agreement and recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of . The loss on
debt extinguishment is included in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations as of December 31, 2021. 

Total
interest expense on long-term debt, inclusive of amortization of debt discounts, amounted to and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock, par value, and shares of preferred stock,
 par value, of which shares are designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, are designated as Series A
Preferred Stock and shares of preferred stock remain undesignated. 

On
June 8, 2021, the Company filed the 2021 Shelf. million by selling common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units. In conjunction with the 2021 Shelf,
the Company also entered into the ATM Sales Agreement whereby the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of common stock
having an aggregate offering price of up to million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has utilized million of the 2021
Shelf. The Company has approximately million available under the ATM Sales Agreement and million available under the 2021 Shelf
as of December 31, 2022. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

As
noted above, in September 2021, the Company entered into the Preferred Underwriting Agreement and the Common Underwriting Agreement with
B.Riley. Pursuant to the Preferred Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to sell shares of its Series A Preferred Stock
under the Preferred Stock Offering. The option was not exercised. Pursuant to the Common Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to
sell to B. Riley Common Shares under the Common Stock Offering. The offerings, closed on October 4, 2021. Net proceeds after
deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions, the structuring fee and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, but
before repayment of debt, from the Offerings was approximately million. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and liquidation rights.
The Company will pay cumulative distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock, from the date of original issuance, in the amount of 
per share each year, which is equivalent to of the liquidation preference per share. Dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock will be payable quarterly in arrears, on or about the 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year. The first dividend
on the Series A Preferred Stock sold in this offering was declared on December 23, 2021 to holders of record as of January 4, 2022 and
was paid on January 14, 2022. The first dividend is included is the Company s results of operations for the year ended December
31, 2021. Dividends declared and paid on the Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: (1) the
second quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock was declared on March 25, 2022 to holders of record as of April 5, 2022 and
was paid on April 15, 2022, (2) the third quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock was declared on June 27, 2022 to holders
of record as of July 5, 2022 and was paid on
July 15, 2022, (3) the fourth quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock was declared on September 27, 2022 to holders of
record as of October 7, 2022 and was paid on October 17, 2022 and (4) the fifth quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock
was declared on December 27, 2022 to holders of record as of January 6, 2023 and was paid on January 17, 2023. The dividends are
included in the Company s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights except in the case of certain dividend nonpayments. If dividends on the Series
A Preferred Stock are in arrears, whether or not declared, for six or more quarterly periods, whether or not these quarterly periods
are consecutive, holders of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of all other classes or series of parity preferred stock with which
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together as a single class will be entitled to vote, at a special meeting
called by the holders of record of at least of any series of preferred stock as to which dividends are so in arrears or at the next
annual meeting of stockholders, for the election of two additional directors to serve on our Board until all dividend arrearages have
been paid. If and when all accumulated dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods shall have been paid in
full, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be divested of the voting rights set forth above. 

per share, 2) on and after October
15, 2023 and prior to October 15, 2024, at a redemption price equal to per share, 3) on and after October 15, 2024 and prior to
and prior to October 15, 2025 at a redemption price equal to per share and 4) on and after October 15, 2025 at a redemption price
equal to per share. In addition, upon the occurrence of a delisting event or change of control, we may, subject to certain conditions,
at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part within 90 days after the first date on which such delisting event
occurred or within 120 days after the first date on which such change of control occurred, as applicable, by paying per share,
plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends up to, but not including, the redemption date. 

Upon
the occurrence of a delisting event or a change of control, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right unless we have
provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, to convert some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock held by such holder into a number of shares of our common stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration) per share of
Series A Preferred Stock, or the Common Stock Conversion Consideration . In the case of a delisting event or change of control,
pursuant to which shares of common stock shall be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (the Alternative
Form Consideration ), a holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred
Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the delisting
event or change of control, had such holder held a number of shares of common stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration
immediately prior to the effective time of the delisting event or change of control. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
August 27, 2020, the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware delivered confirmation of the effective filing of the Company s
Certificate of Designations of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, which established shares of the Company s Series
B Preferred Stock, having such designations, rights and preferences as set forth therein (the Series B Designations ). 

The
shares of Series B Preferred Stock have a stated value of per share (the Series B Stated Value and are convertible
into Common Stock at the election of the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock, at a price of per share, subject to adjustment
(the Conversion Price ). Each holder of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, with respect to each share
of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding and held by such holder, dividends at the rate of thirteen percent per annum (the
 Preferred Dividends ). 

per share (subject to adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations, reclassifications,
combinations, reverse stock splits or other similar events), and (ii) the average trading volume of the Common Stock over the
trailing ninety (90)-day period is equal to or greater than 
shares of Common Stock per day, or (c) at any time following the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the Closing. 

The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock rank senior to the Common Stock with respect to payment of dividends and rights upon liquidation
and will vote together with the holders of the Common Stock on an as-converted basis, subject to beneficial ownership limitations, on
each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of stockholders or by written consent). In addition,
as further described in the Series B Designations, if at least of the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock sold at the Closing
are outstanding, the Company will not take certain corporate actions without the affirmative vote at a meeting (or the written consent
with or without a meeting) of the purchasers holding a majority of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding. 

per share pre-split) (subject to adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations, reclassifications,
combinations, reverse stock splits or other similar events), and (b) the average trading volume of the Common Stock over the trailing
ninety (90)-day period is equal to or greater than shares of Common Stock per day, the Company shall have the right, but not the
obligation, in its sole discretion, to elect to convert all, but not less than all, of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock into Common Stock by delivering written notice of such election (the Forced Conversion Notice to the holders of
the Series B Preferred Stock within ten (10) Business Days following the satisfaction of the criteria of clauses (a) and (b) above (a
 Forced Conversion ). On the Forced Conversion Date (as defined in the Series B Designations), each share of Series B Preferred
Stock shall be converted into the number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of: (x) the sum
of (1) the Series B Issue Price, plus (2) any accrued but unpaid dividends on such share of Series B Preferred Stock as of immediately
prior to the conversion thereof, including the Preferred Dividends, divided by (y) the Conversion Price of such share of Series
B Preferred Stock in effect at the time of conversion. The Forced Conversion Notice shall state (i) the number of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock held by such Holder that are proposed to be converted, and (ii) the date on which such Forced Conversion shall occur,
which date shall be the thirtieth (30 th day following the date such Forced Conversion Notice is deemed given (a Forced
Conversion Date ). 

In
the event of a Forced Conversion, a holder may elect, in its sole discretion and in lieu of the Forced Conversion, to have each then-outstanding
share of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder be redeemed by the Company (a Forced Conversion Redemption by delivering
written notice to the Company (a Forced Conversion Redemption Notice and the date such Holder delivers such notice to the
Corporation, a Forced Conversion Redemption Notice Date prior to the Forced Conversion Date, which notice shall state
(a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are to be redeemed, (b) the date on which such Forced Conversion Redemption
shall occur, which date shall be the tenth (10th) Business Day following the applicable Forced Conversion Redemption Notice Date (the
 Forced Conversion Redemption Date and (c) the wire instructions for the payment of the applicable amount owed to such
holder. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock that is the subject of a Forced Conversion Redemption shall be redeemed by the Company
in cash at a price per share equal to the sum of (1) the Series B Issue Price, plus (2) any accrued but unpaid dividends on such share
of Series B Preferred Stock, including the Preferred Dividends (the Per Share Forced Conversion Redemption Price ). 

If a
sufficient number of shares of Common Stock are not available to effect the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding into
Common Stock and the exercise of the Warrants, each holder shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion (in addition to and
not to the exclusion of any remedy such holder may have at law or in equity), to require that the Company redeem (an Optional Redemption ),
to the fullest extent permitted by law and out of funds lawfully available therefor, all or any portion of such holder s Series
B Preferred Stock then outstanding by delivering written notice thereof. The Series B Preferred Stock contains certain Change of Control
provisions that preclude permanent equity classification. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On
August 28, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an investor (the
 Investor ), to purchase from the Company an aggregate of units (the Units ), at a purchase price of 
per Unit, each consisting of (i) one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) a warrant to purchase shares of common
stock of the Company. The warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance, have a year term, an exercise price of per share,
and provide for a cashless exercise. The aggregate purchase price for the Units is , of which (i) is being paid
in cash at the closing of the transaction and (ii) , is being paid by the conversion of the outstanding principal and interest
due on the Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Note issued by the Company to the Investor on July 27, 2020. The Purchase
Agreement provides that the Investor may not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Series B Preferred Stock or warrants (or the
shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder) for a period of one year following the closing. 

As
a result of the Purchase Agreement, the Company recorded a deemed dividend to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of 
for the value of the warrants and beneficial conversion feature in excess of the purchase price. Additionally, the Company recorded this
instrument in the mezzanine section of the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of for the value of the Series B Preferred
Stock redemption feature. Total dividends accrued for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and are included
in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The balance for the Series B Preferred Stock was as of December
31, 2022. 

Options
and Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock related to the exercise of options
for total proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock related to cashless exercise of options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock related to the exercise of warrants
for total proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock related to the exercise of options
for total proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock related to cashless exercise of options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock related to the exercise of warrants
for total proceeds of . 

Common
Stock 

Common
Stock Transactions During the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a legal settlement. 

Common
Stock Transactions During the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the February 2021 Offering, whereby pursuant to the February 2021 Purchase
Agreement entered into by the Company and certain accredited investors on February 11, 2021 the investors purchased shares of
the Company s common stock par value per share at a purchase price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
 million. The Purchase Price was funded on the closing date and resulted in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million
after deducting fees payable to the placement agent and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

As
noted above, in September 2021, the Company entered into the Common Underwriting Agreement with B.Riley. Pursuant to the Common Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agreed to sell to B. Riley Common Shares under the Common Stock Offering which closed on October 4,
2021. The Common Stock Offering resulted in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million after deducting the underwriting
discounts and commissions, the structuring fee and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, but before repayment of debt. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement for net proceeds of . 

WorkSimpli
Software Restructuring Transaction WSS Restructuring 

Effective
January 22, 2021 (the WSS Effective Date ), the Company consummated the WSS Restructuring. To effect the WSS Restructuring
the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Conversion Labs PR (now LifeMD PR ), entered into a series of membership interest
exchange agreements, pursuant to which, Conversion Labs PR exchanged that certain promissory note, dated May 8, 2019 with an outstanding
balance of (the CVLB PR Note ), issued by WSS in favor of Conversion Labs PR, for newly issued membership
interests of WSS (the Exchange ). Upon consummation of the Exchange the CVLB PR Note was extinguished. 

Concurrently,
in furtherance of the WSS Restructuring, Conversion Labs PR entered into two Membership Interest Purchase Agreements (the Founding
Members MIPAs with two founding members of WSS (the Founding Members whereby Conversion Labs PR purchased from
the Founding Members an aggregate of membership interests of WSS for an aggregate purchase price of , paid in December
2020. 

In
furtherance of the WSS Restructuring, Conversion Labs PR entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with WSS, (the CVLB
PR MIPA ), pursuant to which Conversion Labs PR purchased membership interests of WSS for an aggregate purchase price of
 . per
tranche to be made at the sole discretion of Conversion Labs PR. Payment for the first tranche of was made upon execution of
the CVLB PR MIPA in January 2021. Payments for the second and third tranches were made on the 60-day anniversary and the 120-day anniversary
of the WSS Effective Date. 

Following
the consummation of the WSS Restructuring, Conversion Labs PR increased its ownership of WSS from to approximately on a fully
diluted basis. WSS entered into an amendment to its operating agreement (the WSS Operating Agreement Amendment to reflect
the change in ownership. 

of WSS by Fitzpatrick and Pathak in the aggregate
with Conversion Labs PR ownership ratably reduced to approximately . 

membership interest units of WSS for an exercise price
of per membership interest unit. The Fitzpatrick Options vest in accordance with the following (i) 3,434 membership interests upon
WSS achieving of gross sales in any fiscal quarter (ii) 3,434 membership interests upon WSS achieving of gross
sales in any fiscal quarter, and (iii) 3,434 membership interests upon WSS achieving of gross sales with a ten percent (10 net profit margin in any fiscal quarter. 

membership interest units of WSS for an exercise price of 
per membership interest unit. The Pathak Options vest in accordance with the following (i) 700 membership interests upon WSS achieving
 of gross sales in any fiscal quarter (ii) 700 membership interests upon WSS achieving of gross sales in any fiscal
quarter, and (iii) 700 membership interests upon WSS achieving of gross sales with a ten percent (10 net profit margin in
any fiscal quarter. 

WorkSimpli
Software Capitalization Update 

On
September 30, 2022, Sean Fitzpatrick and Varun Pathak exercised their options to purchase and membership interest units,
respectively, of WorkSimpli for an exercise price of per membership interest unit under the Option Agreements. Following the exercise
of the Option Agreements, Conversion Labs PR decreased its ownership interest in WorkSimpli from to . 

Stock
Options 

2020
Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan 

On
January 8, 2021, the Company approved the 2020 Plan. Approval of the 2020 Plan was included as Proposal 1 in the Company s definitive
proxy statement for its Special Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2020. The 2020
Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board and initially provided for the issuance of up to shares of
Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan automatically increases by shares of
Common Stock on January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than ten years, commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on (and including)
January 1, 2030. Awards under the 2020 Plan can be granted in the form of stock options, non-qualified and incentive options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock, and restricted stock units. 

On
June 24, 2021, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan to increase
the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan by shares. As of
January 1, 2022, the Plan provided for the issuance of up to shares of Common Stock. 

On
June 16, 2022, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan to increase
the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan by shares. As of
December 31, 2022, the Plan provided for the issuance of up to shares of Common Stock. Remaining authorization under the 2020
Plan was shares as of December 31, 2022. 

The
forms of award agreements to be used in connection with awards made under the 2020 Plan to the Company s executive officers and
non-employee directors are: 

Form
 of Non-Qualified Option Agreement (Non-Employee Director Awards) 

Form
 of Non-Qualified Option Agreement (Employee Awards); and 

Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 

Previously,
the Company had granted service-based stock options and performance-based stock options separate from this plan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of stock options to employees and advisory board members under
the 2020 Plan and the prior plan. These stock options have contractual terms of years and vest in increments which fully
vest the options over a one-to-three-year period, dependent on the specific agreements terms. 

years 

Granted 

years 

Exercised 

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

years 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

years 

Granted 

years 

Exercised 

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

years 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

years 

The
total fair value of the options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was , which was determined by the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model with the following assumptions: dividend yield of , expected term of years, volatility of ,
and risk-free rate of . Total compensation expense under the 2020 Plan options above was and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with unamortized expense remaining of as of December 31, 2022. 

- 
 
 years 

Granted 

years 

Exercised 

years 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

years 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

years 

Granted 

years 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

years 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable
 December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

years 

The
total fair value of the options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was , which was determined by the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model with the following assumptions: dividend yield of , expected term of years, volatility of , and risk-free rate
of . Total compensation expense under the above service-based option plan was and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with unamortized expense remaining of as of December 31, 2022. Of the total service-based
options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022, options were exercised on a cashless basis which resulted in 
shares issued and options were exercised for cash. 

years 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 

() 

years 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

years 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

years 

Granted 

years 

Exercised 

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

years 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable
 December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

years 

The
total fair value of the options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was , which was determined by the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model with the following assumptions: dividend yield of , expected term of years, volatility of , and risk-free rate
of . Total compensation expense under the above performance-based option plan was and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All of the performance-based options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021, were exercised
on a cashless basis which resulted in shares issued. 

Restricted
Stock Units (RSUs) (under 2020 Plan) 

Vested 

() 
 
 Forfeited 

() 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 
 
 Forfeited 

() 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

The
total fair value of the RSUs granted was which was determined using the fair value of the quoted market price on the
date of grant. Total compensation expense under the above 2020 Plan RSUs was and for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, with unamortized expense remaining of as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December
31, 2022, RSUs vested, of which RSUs were issued. 

RSUs
(outside of 2020 Plan) 

Vested 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
total fair value of the granted RSUs was which was determined using the fair value of the quoted market price on the
date of grant. Total compensation expense for RSUs outside of the 2020 Plan was and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with unamortized expense remaining of as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December
31, 2022, RSUs vested and were issued. 

Warrants 

years 

Granted 

years 

Exercised 

years 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

years 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable December 31, 2022 

years 

Total
compensation expense on the above warrants for services was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, with unamortized expense remaining of as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
total stock-based compensation expense related to common stock issued for services, service-based stock options, performance-based stock
options, warrants and RSUs amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such
amounts are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. Unamortized expense remaining
related to service-based stock options, performance-based stock options, warrants and RSUs was as of December 31, 2022, which
is expected to be recognized through 2025. 

Fiscal year 2024 

Fiscal year 2025 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Operating
lease expenses were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in other operating
expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. 

Weighted average remaining lease term in years 

Weighted average discount rate 

We
have elected to apply the short-term lease exception to the warehouse space we lease in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. This lease has a term
of months and is not recognized on the balance sheet, but rather expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Straight-line
lease payments are per month. Additionally, Conversion Labs PR utilizes office space in Puerto Rico, which is subleased from Fried
LLC, on a month-to-month basis, incurring rental expense of approximately per month. 

. 
of the net income collected by the licensed products based on the following formula: Net Income = total income cost of goods
sold advertising and operating expenses directly related to the marketing of the licensed products . As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, approximately thousand and , respectively, was included in accrued expenses in regard to this agreement. 

During
2018, the Company entered into a license agreement (the Alphabet Agreement with M.ALPHABET, LLC Alphabet ),
pursuant to which Alphabet agreed to license its PURPUREX business which consists of methods and compositions developed by Alphabet for
the treatment of purpura, bruising, post-procedural bruising, and traumatic bruising (the Product Line ). Pursuant to the
license granted under the Alphabet Agreement, Conversion Labs PR obtains an exclusive license to incorporate (i) any intellectual property
rights related to the Product Line and (ii) all designs, drawings, formulas, chemical compositions and specifications used or useable
in the Product Line into one or more products manufactured, sold, and/or distributed by Alphabet for the treatment of purpura, bruising,
post-procedural bruising and traumatic bruising and for all other fields of use or purposes (the Licensed Product(s) ),
and to make, have made, advertise, promote, market, sell, import, export, use, offer to sell, and distribute the Licensed Product(s)
throughout the world with the exception of China, Hong Kong, Japan, and Australia (the License ). . 

Upon
execution of the Alphabet Agreement, Alphabet was granted a -year stock option to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock at an exercise price of . Further, if Licensed Products have gross receipts of in any calendar year, the Company
will grant Alphabet an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of ; (ii) if Licensed
Products have gross receipts of in any calendar year, the Company will grant Alphabet an additional option to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of and (iii) if Licensed Products have gross receipts of 
in any calendar year, the Company will grant Alphabet an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of . The likelihood of meeting these performance goals for the licensed products are remote and, therefore, the Company has
not recognized any compensation. 

Purchase
Commitments 

Many
of the Company s vendors require product deposits when a purchase order is placed for goods or fulfillment services related to
inventory requirements. The Company s history of product deposits with its inventory vendors, creates an implicit purchase commitment
equaling the total expected product acceptance cost in excess of the product deposit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company approximates
its implicit purchase commitments to be approximately thousand. 

Legal
Matters 

In
the normal course of business operations, the Company may become involved in various legal matters. As of December 31, 2022, other than
as set forth below, the Company s management does not believe that there are any potential legal matters that could have an adverse
effect on the Company s consolidated financial position. 

On
December 10, 2021, a purported breach of contract, breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, quantum meruit,
and fraud lawsuit, captioned Harborside Advisors LLC v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 21-cv-10593, was filed in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company. The Harborside Complaint alleges, among other things, that the Company
breached a Consulting Services Agreement dated as of June 5, 2019, and Harborside was entitled to million shares i.e ., 
shares post reverse stock split) in the Company if the Conversion Labs Rx business achieved a topline revenue of million
and an additional million shares i.e ., shares post reverse stock split) for each additional million in topline
revenue up to a maximum of million shares i.e. , shares post reverse stock split). The Complaint further alleges
that the Company fraudulently induced Harborside to give up its ownership interest in Conversion Labs Rx and that it was a breach of
the duty of good faith and fair dealing and fraudulent for the Company to have dissolved Conversion Labs Rx. Consequently, alleges Harborside,
the Company was unjustly enriched, and Harborside is entitled to recover from the Company for quantum meruit. The Harborside Complaint
implies between and in alleged damages related to failure to award the aforementioned stock but only specifically
states that Harborside has incurred damages in excess of , with the exact amount to be determined with specificity at trial 
for each of the 5 counts. On February 11, 2022, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss the Harborside Complaint, which Harborside opposed.
The Company replied on April 4, 2022 and was awaiting a decision from the Court on whether the case will be fully or partially dismissed.
In the meantime, the parties agreed to mediate both cases Harborside Advisors LLC v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 21-cv-10593, and
 Specialty Medical Drugstore, LLC D/B/A GoGoMeds v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 21-cv-10599, noted below) together. On September 22,
2022, as a result of mediation, the parties reached a settlement to resolve the matters in these cases. The Company issued shares
of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 and it is possible that the Company will issue additional shares of common
stock in the future related to this settlement. The costs of this settlement are reflected in the Company s financial results. 

On
December 10, 2021, a purported breach of contract, unjust enrichment, quantum meruit, and account stated lawsuit, captioned Specialty
Medical Drugstore, LLC D/B/A GoGoMeds v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 21-cv-10599, was filed in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York against the Company. The GoGoMeds Complaint alleges, among other things, that Conversion Labs Rx
breached a Strategic Partnership Agreement (dated May 27, 2019) (the SPA by the Company not paying two invoices
(#3269 and 3270) totaling , and, therefore, LifeMD has been unjustly enriched in an amount in excess of ,
with the exact amount to be determined with specificity at trial. Further, GoGoMeds alleges that to the extent that
the SPA is inapplicable, GoGoMeds is entitled to recover from LifeMD from quantum meruit because GoGoMeds conferred a
benefit on LifeMD by fulfilling over 17,000 prescriptions and over the counter drug orders for LifeMD s clients. On
February 11, 2022, the Company filed its Answer and Counterclaim to the GoGoMeds Complaint, pleading the affirmative defenses that
the claims are barred, in whole or in part: (i) because they fail to state claims upon which relief can be granted; (ii) by breach
of contract by plaintiff; (iii) by offset, recoupment, and/or unjust enrichment to plaintiff; (iv) by accord and satisfaction; (v)
for failure of condition precedent; (vi) because adequate remedies at law exist; (vii) by failure to mitigate; (viii) by the
doctrine of unclean hands; and (ix) by consent ratification, waiver, excuse, and/or estoppel, (x) as well as that attorney fees and
costs, as well as special, indirect, incidental, and/or consequential damages are not recoverable. Further, the Company
counterclaimed against GoGoMeds for: (a) breach of contract for failing to: (i) provide adequate customer service and related
pharmacy services; (ii) charge LifeMD actual costs for prescription and over the counter drugs (including shipping), as was
contractually required; and (iii) provide regular reports and allow audits for review to establish adequate service and accurate
costs; (b) trade secret misappropriation of the LifeMD Information, Data, and Materials, as defined therein; (c) unjust enrichment
of GoGoMeds through its retention of such LifeMD Information, Data, and Materials, and for the benefit of the creation of the
GoGoCare telehealth company; (d) conversion by GoGoMeds by exercising unauthorized dominion and control over the LifeMD Information,
Data, and Materials; (e) detinue; and (f) an accounting. GoGoMeds responded to the counterclaims on March 4, 2022 and the
parties had commenced fact discovery. In the meantime, the parties agreed to mediate both cases Harborside Advisors LLC v.
LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 21-cv-10593, and Specialty Medical Drugstore, LLC D/B/A GoGoMeds v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No.
21-cv-10599) together. The court granted a 60-day stay in the Specialty Medical Drugstore, LLC D/B/A GoGoMeds v. LifeMD, Inc., Case
No. 21-cv-10599, and the parties were amenable in the Harborside Advisors LLC v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 21-cv-10593, to the
court foregoing any decision on our motion to dismiss until after mediation. On September 22, 2022, as a result of mediation, the
parties reached a settlement to resolve the matters in these cases. As noted above, the Company issued shares of common
stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 and it is possible that the Company will issue additional shares of common
stock in the future related to this settlement. The costs of this settlement are reflected in the Company s financial
results. 

On
February 28, 2022, a purported breach of contract lawsuit (with six counts of alleged breach, and indemnity reliance concerning reasonable
costs and expenses), captioned William Blair LLC v. LifeMD, Inc. , Case No. 2022L001978, was filed in the Circuit Court of Cook
County, Illinois County Department, Law Division against the Company (the Blair Complaint ). The Blair Complaint alleges,
among other things, that LifeMD breached an engagement letter agreement entered into on January 7, 2021 with Blair that concerned potential
debt financing. In particular, Blair alleges that the Company breached its obligations by, inter alia : (i) failing to advise Blair
of, and ultimately completing, a debt financing transaction with a different investment banking firm on or about June 3, 2021; (ii) reproducing
several pages from a Confidential Information Brochure used in the Company s debt financing transaction with a different investment
banking firm; (iii) failing to provide Blair with a right of first refusal to be its joint active bookrunning manager for a common stock
sales agreement that it executed on or about June 3, 2021, through a different investment banking firm; (iv) failing to provide Blair
with a right of first refusal to be its joint active bookrunning manager for a common stock sales agreement that it executed on or about
September 28, 2021, through a different investment banking firm (despite the Company having formally terminated the engagement letter
with Blair on or about July 16, 2021); (v) failing to provide Blair with a right of first refusal to be its joint active bookrunning
manager for a preferred stock offering that it executed on or about September 28, 2021, through two different investment banking firms
as bookrunning co-managers (despite the Company having formally terminated the engagement letter with Blair on or about July 16, 2021);
and (vi) purchasing a convertible note from a pharmaceutical investor in connection with its acquisition of all outstanding shares of
allergy telehealth platform, Cleared. The Blair Complaint seeks damages adequate to compensate Blair for the aforementioned alleged breaches i.e. , which implicitly meets or exceeds the purported minimum fee in the engagement letter), as well as reasonable
costs and expenses incurred in this action. On May 22, 2022, the Company filed its answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaim, denying
the alleged breaches of its obligations under the engagement letter agreement. Further, the Company asserted the following affirmative
defenses: (1) failure to state a claim on which relief can be granted; (2) laches; (3) breach of the engagement letter agreement; (4)
unclean hands; (5) failure to mitigate; (6) the doctrines of waiver, accord, and satisfaction, and res judicata; (7) estoppel; and (8)
repudiation/anticipatory breach. The Company also counterclaimed for a declaratory judgment that: (i) Plaintiff breached, repudiated
and/or anticipatorily breached the engagement letter agreement; (ii) as a result, the Company was not bound by the terms of the engagement
letter agreement from that time forward; (iii) Plaintiff is not owed any amounts under the engagement letter agreement; and (iv) and
an award to the Company of any further relief that the Court deems just and proper. 

The
Court conducted virtual case management conferences on June 30, 2022 and August 3, 2022, and fact discovery (i.e., written discovery
requests and responses) commenced thereafter. On August 29, 2022, the plaintiff subpoenaed B. Riley Financial, Inc. for documents. The
Court subsequently conducted several case management and status conferences, beginning in October 2022 and continuing through January
2023. The Company intends to vigorously defend against this action. As this action is in its preliminary phase, a potential loss cannot
yet be estimated. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Beginning in 2022, Conversion Labs PR subleased the office space from Fried
LLC, which is not a related party of the Company. 

Conversion
Labs PR utilizes BV Global Fulfillment BV Global ), previously owned by a related person (the Owner of the
Company s CEO, to warehouse a portion of the Company s finished goods inventory and for fulfillment services. On December
31, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA with BV Global and the Owner, whereby BV Global
and the Owner agreed to sell to the Company certain purchased assets of BV Global in exchange for approximately thousand. Prior to
entering into the APA, the Company paid a monthly fee of to for fulfillment services and reimbursed BV Global for their
direct costs associated with shipping the Company s products. 

WorkSimpli
Software 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, WorkSimpli utilized LegalSubmit Pvt. Ltd. LegalSubmit ), a company owned by WorkSimpli s
Chief Software Engineer, to provide software development services. WorkSimpli paid LegaSubmit a total of approximately million and
 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for these services. There were no amounts owed to LegalSubmit
as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million of operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax reporting purposes
that may be applied against future taxable income. Portions of . The net operating loss carryforwards could be subject to limitation
in any given year in the event of a change in ownership as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382. 

The
valuation allowance overall increased by approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The Company has fully reserved the deferred tax asset resulting from available net operating loss carryforwards. 

Total 

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 
 
 - 
 
 State and local 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

to pretax income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as follows: 

 SCHEDULE
OF PROVISION DIFFERS FROM THE AMOUNT OF INCOME TAX 

2022 

2021 

December
 31, 

2022 

2021 

Computed
 expected tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: 

State
 taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Permanent
 differences 

() 
 
 Apportionment
 of Puerto Rico income 

()

Nondeductible
 expenses 

- 

- 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Other 

()

Provision
 for income taxes 

Sec 174 software development 
 
 - 
 
 Temporary differences 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total 

Less valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

operating segments: Telehealth and WorkSimpli. We believe our current segments and brands
within our segments complement one another and position us well for future growth. Relevant segment data for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Gross margin 

Operating loss 

Total assets 

WorkSimpli 

Revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating (income) loss 

Total assets 

Consolidated 

Revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating loss 

Total assets 

million under a million loan facility with CRG Financial, maturing
on December 15, 2023. The loan facility includes interest of . Mr. Bhatia, a member of the Board of the Company, also serves on the
Board of Directors of CRG Financial. 

Cleared
Stock Purchase Agreement 

On
February 4, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the First Amendment between
the Company and the sellers of Cleared. The First Amendment was amended to, among other things: (i) reduce the total purchase price by
 thousand to a total of million; (ii) change the timing of the payment of the purchase price to thousand paid at closing
(which has already been paid by the Company), with the remaining amount to be paid in five quarterly installments beginning on or before
February 6, 2023 and ending January 15, 2024; (iii) remove all earn-out payments payable by the Company to the sellers;
and (iv) removing certain representations and warranties of the Company and sellers in connection with the transaction. On February 6,
2023, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the first of five quarterly installment payments due to the sellers
of Cleared under the First Amendment. 

Stock
Issued for Service 

In
2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for services rendered. 

Avenue
Capital Credit Facility 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Avenue Capital (the
 Lender ). The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured credit facility of up to an aggregate amount of 
million, comprised of the following: (1) 
million in term loans funded at closing, (2) 
million of additional committed term loans available in the fourth quarter of 2023 and (3) 
million of additional uncommitted term loans, collectively referred to as the Facility . The term of the Facility is 
months. 

million of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Interest
is based on the greater of: (1) the Prime Rate plus 
and (2) . There is an upfront commitment fee of 
of the total 
million in committed capital and the Company shall grant the Lender one or more warrants to purchase the Company s common
stock in an amount up to 
of the outstanding credit commitment of the Lender. 

The
Facility includes various covenants including maintaining a minimum of million in unrestricted cash on hand, limitations and events of default customary for similar facilities for similarly rated
borrowers. As of the date of filing, there is 
million outstanding under the Facility and the Company is in compliance with the Facility terms. 

F- 33 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit 3.1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

LIFEMD,
INC. 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
2020 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN 

SECTION
1. GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN: DEFINITIONS 

The
name of the plan is the LIFEMD, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2020 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN (the Plan ). The purpose of the
Plan is to encourage, retain and enable the officers, employees, directors, Consultants and other key persons of LIFEMD, INC., a Delaware
corporation (including any successor entity, the Company and its Subsidiaries, upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts
the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business, to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. 

The
following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 

Affiliate 
of any Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with the first mentioned Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such first Person possesses directly
or indirectly the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the second Person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Award 
or Awards , except where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include Incentive Stock
Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights SAR ), Restricted Stock Awards (including preferred stock),
Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units or any combination of the foregoing. 

Award
Agreement means a written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under
the Plan. Each Award Agreement may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan; provided, however, in the
event of any conflict in the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 

Board 
means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Cause 
shall have the meaning as set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain a definition of
 Cause, it shall mean (i) the grantee s dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business;
(ii) the grantee s commission of (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii)
the grantee s failure to perform his assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company which failure
continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the grantee by the Company; (iv) the grantee s
gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company; or (v) the grantee s
material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the grantee and the Company relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation,
nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions. 

Chief
Executive Officer means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or, if there is no Chief Executive Officer, then the President
of the Company. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations. 

Committee 
means the Committee of the Board referred to in Section 2. 

Consultant 
means any entity or natural person that provides bona fide services to the Company (including a Subsidiary), and such services are not
in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain
a market for the Company s securities. 

Disability 
means such condition which renders a Person (A) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expect to last for a continuous period of not less than
12 months, (B) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be
expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than
3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company, (C) determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security
Administration, or (D) determined to be disabled under a disability insurance program which provides for a definition of disability that
meets the requirements of this section. 

Effective
Date means the date on which the Plan is adopted as set forth in this Plan. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Fair
Market Value of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Committee
based on the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. If the Stock is
admitted to trade on a national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by reference to the closing price reported on such
exchange. If there is no closing price for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date
for which there is a closing price. If the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the
Stock are reported on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the Price to the Public (or equivalent). 

Good
Reason shall have the meaning as set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain
a definition of Good Reason, it shall mean (i) a material diminution in the grantee s base salary except for across-the-board
salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all similarly situated employees of the Company or (ii) a change of more than
100 miles in the geographic location at which the grantee provides services to the Company, so long as the grantee provides at least
90 days notice to the Company following the initial occurrence of any such event and the Company fails to cure such event within
30 days thereafter. 

Grant
Date means the date that the Committee designates in its approval of an Award in accordance with applicable law as the date
on which the Award is granted, which date may not precede the date of such Committee approval. 

Holder 
means, with respect to an Award or any Shares, the Person holding such Award or Shares, including the initial recipient of the Award
or any Permitted Transferee. 

Incentive
Stock Option means any Stock Option designated and qualified as an incentive stock option as defined in Section
422 of the Code. 

Non-Qualified
Stock Option means any Stock Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

- 2 - 

Option 
or Stock Option means any option to purchase shares of Stock granted pursuant to Section 5. 

Permitted
Transferees shall mean any of the following to whom a Holder may transfer Shares hereunder (as set forth in Section 10(a)(ii)(A)):
the Holder s child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, step-parent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law,
father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the
Holder s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than fifty percent of the beneficial
interest, a foundation in which these persons control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons own more
than fifty percent of the voting interests; provided, however, that any such trust does not require or permit distribution of any Shares
during the term of the Award Agreement unless subject to its terms. Upon the death of the Holder, the term Permitted Transferees shall
also include such deceased Holder s estate, executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees,
as the case may be. 

Person 
shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership (limited or general), limited liability company, limited liability partnership, association,
trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or any similar entity. 

Restricted
Stock Award means Awards granted pursuant to Section 7 and Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to
such Awards. 

Restricted
Stock Unit means an Award of phantom stock units to a grantee, which may be settled in cash or Shares as determined by the
Committee, pursuant to Section 9. 

Sale
Event means the consummation of i) a change in the ownership of the Company, ii) a change in effective control of the Company,
or iii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company. The occurrence of a Sale Event shall be acknowledged
by the plan administrator or board of directors, by strictly applying these provisions without any discretion to deviate from the objective
application of the definitions provided herein; provided, however, that any capital raising event, or a merger effected solely to change
the Company s domicile shall not constitute a Sale Event. 

Except
as otherwise provided herein, a change in the ownership of the Company occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person
acting as a group acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more
than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. However, if any one person, or more
than one person acting as a group, is considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of
the stock of the Company the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not considered to cause a change in the
ownership of the Company (or to cause a change in the effective control of the Company). An increase in the percentage of stock owned
by any one person, or persons acting as a group, as a result of a transaction in which the corporation acquires its stock in exchange
for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this section. This section applies only when there is a transfer
of stock of the Company (or issuance of stock) which remains outstanding after the transaction. 

A
change in the effective control of the Company occurs only on either of the following dates: (1) The date any one person, or more than
one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by
such person or persons) ownership of stock of the Company possessing 30 percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the
Company; (2) The date a majority of members of the Company s board of directors is replaced during any 12-month period by directors
whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Company s board of directors before the date
of the appointment or election. 

- 3 - 

A
change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one
person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such
person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross
fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair
market value means the value of the assets of the corporation, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard
to any liabilities associated with such assets. 

Section
409A means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Service
Relationship means any relationship as a full-time employee, part-time employee, director or other key person (including Consultants)
of the Company or any Subsidiary or any successor entity e.g. , a Service Relationship shall be deemed to continue without interruption
in the event an individual s status changes from full-time employee to part-time employee or Consultant). 

Shares 
means shares of Stock. 

Stock 
means the Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company. 

Stock
Appreciation Right or SAR means any right to receive from the Company upon exercise by an optionee or
settlement, in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof, the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise or
settlement over (ii) the exercise price of the right on the date of grant, or if granted in connection with an Option, on the date of
grant of the Option. 

Subsidiary 
means any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) in which the Company has more than a 50 percent interest, either directly
or indirectly. 

Ten
Percent Owner means an employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the
Code) more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Termination
Event means the termination of the Award recipient s Service Relationship with the Company and its Subsidiaries for
any reason whatsoever, regardless of the circumstances thereof, and including, without limitation, upon death, disability, retirement,
discharge or resignation for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The following shall not constitute a Termination Event:
(i) a transfer to the service of the Company from a Subsidiary or from the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another
Subsidiary or (ii) an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Committee,
if the individual s right to re-employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which
the leave of absence was granted or if the Committee otherwise so provides in writing. 

Unrestricted
Stock Award means any Award granted pursuant to Section 8 and Unrestricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant
to such Awards. 

- 4 - 

SECTION
2. ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS 

(a)
 Administration of Plan . The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, comprised of not less than
three directors or the Board of Directors in the absence of a Compensation Committee of the Board. All references herein to the Committee 
shall be deemed to refer to the group then responsible for administration of the Plan at the relevant time i.e. , either the Board
of Directors or a committee or committees of the Board, as applicable). 

(b)
 Powers of Committee . The Committee shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including
the power and authority: 

(i)
to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted; 

(ii)
to determine the time or times of grant, and the amount, if any, of Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, SARs, Restricted
Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more grantees; 

(iii)
to determine the number and types of Shares to be covered by any Award and, subject to the provisions of the Plan, the price, exercise
price, conversion ratio or other price relating thereto; 

(iv)
to determine and, subject to Section 13, to modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent
with the terms of the Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve
the form of Award Agreements; 

(v)
to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award; 

(vi)
to impose any limitations on Awards, including limitations on transfers, repurchase provisions and the like, and to exercise repurchase
rights or obligations; 

(vii)
subject to Section 5(a)(ii) and any restrictions imposed by Section 409A, to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may
be exercised; and 

(viii)
at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and proceedings
as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including Award Agreements); to make all
determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; and
to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. 

All
decisions and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and all Holders. 

(c)
 Award Agreement . Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Agreements that set forth the terms, conditions and limitations
for each Award. 

(d)
 Indemnification . Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any
act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board
and the Committee (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company in respect
of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) arising or resulting therefrom
to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under the Company s governing documents, including its certificate of incorporation
or bylaws, or any directors and officers liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time and/or any
indemnification agreement between such individual and the Company. 

- 5 - 

(e)
 Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other
countries in which the Company and any Subsidiary operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee,
in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (i) determine which Subsidiaries, if any, shall be covered by the Plan;
(ii) determine which individuals, if any, outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the terms and
conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws; (iv) establish subplans
and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or
advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be attached to the Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such subplans
and/or modifications shall increase the share limitation contained in Section 3(a) hereof; and (v) take any action, before or after an
Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory
exemptions or approvals. 

SECTION
3. STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS; SUBSTITUTION 

(a)
 Stock Issuable . The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 4,500,000 Shares (the
 Share Reserve ), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) and the following sentence regarding the annual increase.
In addition, the Share Reserve will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, for a period of not more than ten years, commencing
on January 1, 2021 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, in an amount equal to 150,000 shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the Share Reserve for
such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Stock than would otherwise occur
pursuant to the preceding sentence. If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares
covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock),
the Shares subject to such Stock Award, to the extent of any such expiration, termination or settlement, will again be available for
issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company
because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited
or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction
of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become
available for issuance under the Plan. For purposes of this limitation, the Shares underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled,
reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise)
shall be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Subject to such overall limitations, Shares may be issued up
to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award, and no more than 200,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to Incentive Stock
Options. The value of any Shares granted to a non-employee director of the Company, solely for services as a director, when added to
any annual cash payments or awards, shall not exceed an aggregate value of two hundred thousand dollars 200,000) in any calendar year. 

(b)
 Changes in Stock . Subject to Section 3(c) hereof, if, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock
dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company s capital stock, the outstanding Shares are increased
or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or additional Shares or new
or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such Shares or other
securities, in each case, without the receipt of consideration by the Company, or, if, as a result of any merger or consolidation, or
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the outstanding Shares are converted into or exchanged for other securities
of the Company or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Committee shall make an appropriate and proportionate
adjustment in (i) the maximum number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities
subject to any then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iii) the repurchase price, if any, per Share subject to each outstanding Award,
and (iv) the exercise price for each Share subject to any then outstanding Stock Options under the Plan, without changing the aggregate
exercise price i.e. , the exercise price multiplied by the number of Stock Options) as to which such Stock Options remain exercisable.
The Committee shall in any event make such adjustments as may be required by the laws of Delaware and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. The adjustment by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional Shares shall be issued under the Plan
resulting from any such adjustment, but the Committee in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares. 

- 6 - 

(c)
 Sale Events . 

(i)
 Options . 

(A)
In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, the Plan and all outstanding Options and SARs issued hereunder shall
become one hundred percent (100 vested upon the effective time of any such Sale Event. New stock options or other awards of the successor
entity or parent thereof shall be substituted therefor, with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares
and, if appropriate, the per share exercise prices, as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder
and/or pursuant to the terms of any Award Agreement). 

(B)
In the event of the termination of the Plan and all outstanding Options and SARs issued hereunder pursuant to Section 3(c), each Holder
of Options shall be permitted, within a period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as specified by the Committee, to
exercise all such Options or SARs which are then exercisable or will become exercisable as of the effective time of the Sale Event; provided,
however, that the exercise of Options not exercisable prior to the Sale Event shall be subject to the consummation of the Sale Event. 

(C)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(c)(i)(A), in the event of a Sale Event, the Company shall have the right, but not
the obligation, to make or provide for a cash payment to the Holders of Options, without any consent of the Holders, in exchange for
the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the value as determined by the Committee of the consideration
payable per share of Stock pursuant to the Sale Event (the Sale Price times the number of Shares subject to outstanding
Options being cancelled (to the extent then vested and exercisable, including by reason of acceleration in connection with such Sale
Event, at prices not in excess of the Sale Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding vested and exercisable
Options. 

(ii)
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards . 

(A)
In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, all unvested Restricted Stock and unvested Restricted Stock Unit Awards
issued hereunder shall become one hundred percent (100 vested, with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind
of shares subject to such awards as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder and/or pursuant to
the terms of any Award Agreement). 

(B)
Such Restricted Stock shall be repurchased from the Holder thereof at the then Fair Market Value of such shares, (subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 3(b)) for such Shares. 

(C)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(c)(ii)(A), in the event of a Sale Event, the Company shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to make or provide for a cash payment to the Holders of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards, without
consent of the Holders, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the Sale Price times the number of Shares subject
to such Awards, to be paid at the time of such Sale Event or upon the later vesting of such Awards. 

- 7 - 

SECTION
4. ELIGIBILITY 

Grantees
under the Plan will be such full or part-time officers and other employees, directors, Consultants and key persons of the Company and
any Subsidiary who are selected from time to time by the Committee in its sole discretion; provided, however, that Awards shall be granted
only to those individuals described in Rule 701(c) of the Securities Act. 

SECTION
5. STOCK OPTIONS 

Upon
the grant of a Stock Option, the Company and the grantee shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award
Agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. 

Stock
Options granted under the Plan may be either Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options may be granted
only to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that is a subsidiary corporation within the meaning of Section 424(f)
of the Code. To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, it shall be deemed a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

(a)
 Terms of Stock Options . The Committee in its discretion may grant Stock Options to those individuals who meet the eligibility
requirements of Section 4. Stock Options shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms
and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable. 

(i)
 Exercise Price . The exercise price per share for the Shares covered by a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee at
the time of grant but shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock
Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the exercise price per share for the Shares covered by such Incentive Stock Option shall
not be less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. 

(ii)
 Option Term . The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than
ten years from the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the term of such Stock
Option shall be no more than five years from the Grant Date. 

(iii)
 Exercisability; Rights of a Stockholder . Stock Options shall become exercisable and/or vested at such time or times, whether or
not in installments, as shall be determined by the Committee at or after the Grant Date. The Award Agreement may permit a grantee to
exercise all or a portion of a Stock Option immediately at grant; provided that the Shares issued upon such exercise shall be subject
to restrictions and a vesting schedule identical to the vesting schedule of the related Stock Option, such Shares shall be deemed to
be Restricted Stock for purposes of the Plan, and the optionee may be required to enter into an additional or new Award Agreement as
a condition to exercise of such Stock Option. An optionee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares acquired upon the
exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options. An optionee shall not be deemed to have acquired any Shares unless
and until a Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement and this Plan and the optionee s
name has been entered on the books of the Company as a stockholder. 

- 8 - 

(iv)
 Method of Exercise . Stock Options may be exercised by an optionee in whole or in part, by the optionee giving written or electronic
notice of exercise to the Company, specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one
or more of the following methods (or any combination thereof) to the extent provided in the Award Agreement: 

(A)
In cash, by certified or bank check, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, or other instrument acceptable to the Committee; 

(B)
If permitted by the Committee, by the optionee delivering to the Company a promissory note, if the Board has expressly authorized the
loan of funds to the optionee for the purpose of enabling or assisting the optionee to effect the exercise of his or her Stock Option;
provided, that at least so much of the exercise price as represents the par value of the Stock shall be paid in cash if required by state
law; 

(C)
If permitted by the Committee, through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of Shares that have been purchased by the optionee
on the open market or that are beneficially owned by the optionee and are not then subject to restrictions under any Company plan. To
the extent required to avoid variable accounting treatment under applicable accounting rules, such surrendered Shares if originally purchased
from the Company shall have been owned by the optionee for at least six months. Such surrendered Shares shall be valued at Fair Market
Value on the exercise date; 

(D)
If permitted by the Committee and by the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable
instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company for the purchase price;
provided that in the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with
such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Committee shall prescribe as a condition of such
payment procedure; or 

(E)
If permitted by the Committee, and only with respect to Stock Options that are not Incentive Stock Options, by a net exercise 
arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of Shares
with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. 

Payment
instruments will be received subject to collection. No certificates for Shares so purchased will be issued to the optionee or, with respect
to uncertificated Stock, no transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company will take place, until the Company has completed all
steps it has deemed necessary to satisfy legal requirements relating to the issuance and sale of the Shares, which steps may include,
without limitation, (i) receipt of a representation from the optionee at the time of exercise of the Option that the optionee is purchasing
the Shares for the optionee s own account and not with a view to any sale or distribution of the Shares or other representations
relating to compliance with applicable law governing the issuance of securities, (ii) the legending of the certificate (or notation on
any book entry) representing the Shares to evidence the foregoing restrictions, and (iii) obtaining from optionee payment or provision
for all withholding taxes due as a result of the exercise of the Option. The delivery of certificates representing the shares of Stock
(or the transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company with respect to uncertificated Stock) to be purchased pursuant to the
exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon (A) receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser acting in his or her stead in accordance
with the provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase price for such Shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements
contained in the Award Agreement or applicable provisions of laws and (B) if required by the Company, the optionee shall have entered
into any stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain other of the Company s stockholders relating
to the Stock. In the event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned Shares through the attestation method, the
number of Shares transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be net of the number of Shares attested to by
the Optionee. 

- 9 - 

(b)
 Annual Limit on Incentive Stock Options . To the extent required for incentive stock option treatment under Section
422 of the Code, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the Grant Date) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock
Options granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent and any Subsidiary that become exercisable for the first
time by an optionee during any calendar year shall not exceed 100,000 or such other limit as may be in effect from time to time under
Section 422 of the Code. To the extent that any Stock Option exceeds this limit, it shall constitute a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

(c)
 Termination . Any portion of a Stock Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of an optionee s
Service Relationship shall immediately expire and be null and void. Once any portion of the Stock Option becomes vested and exercisable,
the optionee s right to exercise such portion of the Stock Option (or the optionee s representatives and legatees as applicable)
in the event of a termination of the optionee s Service Relationship shall continue until the earliest of: (i) the date which is:
(A) 12 months following the date on which the optionee s Service Relationship terminates due to death or Disability (or such longer
period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement), or (B) three months following the date
on which the optionee s Service Relationship terminates if the termination is due to any reason other than death or Disability
(or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement), or (ii) the Expiration
Date set forth in the Award Agreement; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Award Agreement may provide that if the optionee s
Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately and be null and void upon the date of the
optionee s termination and shall not thereafter be exercisable. 

SECTION
6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

The
Committee is authorized to grant SARs to optionees with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions,
in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine 

(a)
SARs may be granted under the Plan to optionees either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan and may, but need
not, relate to specific Option granted under Section 5. 

(b)
The exercise price per Share under a SAR shall be determined by the Committee, provided, however, that except in the case of a substitute
Award, such exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant of such SAR. 

(c)
The term of each SAR shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such SAR. 

(d)
The Committee shall determine the time or times at which a SAR may be exercised or settled in whole or in part. Unless otherwise determined
by the Committee or unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, the provisions set forth in Section 5 above with respect to exercise
of an Award following termination of service shall apply to any SAR. The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that an in-the-money 
SAR shall be automatically exercised on its expiration date. 

- 10 - 

SECTION
7. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 

(a)
 Nature of Restricted Stock Awards . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other purchase
price determined by the Committee) to an eligible individual under Section 4 hereof a Restricted Stock Award under the Plan. The Committee
shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted Stock Award at the time of grant. Conditions may be based
on the type of stock upon which restrictions are placed, continuing employment (or other Service Relationship), achievement of pre-established
performance goals and objectives and/or such other criteria as the Committee may determine. Upon the grant of a Restricted Stock Award,
the Company and the grantee shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined
by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. 

(b)
 Rights as a Stockholder . Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase price, a grantee
of Restricted Stock shall be considered the record owner of and shall be entitled to vote the Restricted Stock if, and to the extent,
such Shares are entitled to voting rights, subject to such conditions contained in the Award Agreement. The grantee shall be entitled
to receive all dividends and any other distributions declared on the Shares; provided, however, that the Company is under no duty to
declare any such dividends or to make any such distribution. Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, certificates evidencing
the Restricted Stock shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Stock is vested as provided in subsection (d)
below of this Section, and the grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed
in blank and such other instruments of transfer as the Committee may prescribe. 

(c)
 Restrictions . Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as
specifically provided herein or in the Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement
or, subject to Section 13 below, in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, if a grantee s Service Relationship with the Company
and any Subsidiary terminates, the Company or its assigns shall have the right, as may be specified in the relevant instrument, to repurchase
some or all of the Shares subject to the Award at such purchase price as is set forth in the Award Agreement. 

(d)
 Vesting of Restricted Stock . The Committee at the time of grant shall specify in the Award Agreement the date or dates and/or
the attainment of pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the substantial risk of forfeiture imposed
shall lapse and the Restricted Stock shall become vested, subject to such further rights of the Company or its assigns as may be specified
in the Award Agreement. 

SECTION
8. UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 

The
Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other purchase price determined by the Committee) to an eligible
person under Section 4 hereof an Unrestricted Stock Award under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted in respect of past
services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee. 

- 11 - 

SECTION
9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

(a)
 Nature of Restricted Stock Units . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant to an eligible person under Section 4 hereof
Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. The Committee shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted Stock
Unit at the time of grant. Vesting conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other Service Relationship), achievement of pre-established
performance goals and objectives which may be based on targets for revenue, revenue growth, EBITDA, net income, earnings per share and/or
other such criteria as the Committee may determine. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the grantee and the Company shall enter
into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee and may differ among
individual Awards and grantees. On or promptly following the vesting date or dates applicable to any Restricted Stock Unit, but in no
event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which such vesting occurs, such Restricted Stock Unit(s) shall be settled
in the form of cash or shares of Stock, as specified in the Award Agreement. Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of. 

(b)
 Rights as a Stockholder . A grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares, if any, acquired upon settlement
of Restricted Stock Units. A grantee shall not be deemed to have acquired any such Shares unless and until the Restricted Stock Units
shall have been settled in Shares pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the Company shall have issued and delivered
a certificate representing the Shares to the grantee (or transferred on the records of the Company with respect to uncertificated stock),
and the grantee s name has been entered in the books of the Company as a stockholder. 

(c)
 Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or in writing after the Award
Agreement is issued, a grantee s right in all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the
grantee s cessation of Service Relationship with the Company and any Subsidiary for any reason. 

SECTION
10. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS; COMPANY RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL; COMPANY REPURCHASE RIGHTS 

(a)
 Restrictions on Transfer . 

(i)
 Non-Transferability of Certain Awards . Restricted Stock awards granted under Section 7, Stock Options, SARs and, prior to exercise,
the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Option, shall not be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will, or by the laws
of descent and distribution, and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the optionee s lifetime, only by the optionee,
or by the optionee s legal representative or guardian in the event of the optionee s incapacity. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement regarding a given Stock Option or Restricted Stock award that
the optionee may transfer by gift, without consideration for the transfer, his or her Non-Qualified Stock Options to his or her family
members (as defined in Rule 701 of the Securities Act), to trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which
such family members are the only partners (to the extent such trusts or partnerships are considered family members for
purposes of Rule 701 of the Securities Act), provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the
terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, including the execution of a stock power upon the issuance of Shares.
Stock Options, SARs and the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Options, shall be restricted as to any pledge, hypothecation,
or other transfer, including any short position, any put equivalent position (as defined in the Exchange Act) or any call
equivalent position (as defined in the Exchange Act) prior to exercise. 

- 12 - 

(ii)
 Shares . No Shares shall be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, given away or in any other manner disposed of or
encumbered, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, unless (i) the transfer is in compliance with the terms of the applicable Award
Agreement, all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act), and with the terms and conditions of this
Section 10, (ii) the transfer does not cause the Company to become subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the
transferee consents in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Section 10. In connection
with any proposed transfer, the Committee may require the transferor to provide at the transferor s own expense an opinion of counsel
to the transferor, satisfactory to the Committee, that such transfer is in compliance with all foreign, federal and state securities
laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act). Any attempted transfer of Shares not in accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Section 10 shall be null and void, and the Company shall not reflect on its records any change in record ownership of any Shares
as a result of any such transfer, shall otherwise refuse to recognize any such transfer and shall not in any way give effect to any such
transfer of Shares. The Company shall be entitled to seek protective orders, injunctive relief and other remedies available at law or
in equity including, without limitation, seeking specific performance or the rescission of any transfer not made in strict compliance
with the provisions of this Section 10. Subject to the foregoing general provisions, and unless otherwise provided in the applicable
Award Agreement, Shares may be transferred pursuant to the following specific terms and conditions (provided that with respect to any
transfer of Restricted Stock, all vesting and forfeiture provisions shall continue to apply with respect to the original recipient): 

(A)
 Transfers to Permitted Transferees . The Holder may transfer any or all of the Shares to one or more Permitted Transferees; provided,
however, that following such transfer, such Shares shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Plan (including this Section 10)
and such Permitted Transferee(s) shall, as a condition to any such transfer, deliver a written acknowledgment to that effect to the Company
and shall deliver a stock power to the Company with respect to the Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may not transfer
any of the Shares to a Person whom the Company reasonably determines is a direct competitor or a potential competitor of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(B)
 Transfers Upon Death . Upon the death of the Holder, any Shares then held by the Holder at the time of such death and any Shares
acquired after the Holder s death by the Holder s legal representative shall be subject to the provisions of this Plan, and
the Holder s estate, executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees shall be obligated to
convey such Shares to the Company or its assigns under the terms contemplated by the Plan and the Award Agreement. 

(b)
 Right of First Refusal . In the event that a Holder desires at any time to sell or otherwise transfer all or any part of his or
her Shares (other than shares of Restricted Stock which by their terms are not transferrable), the Holder first shall give written notice
to the Company of the Holder s intention to make such transfer. Such notice shall state the number of Shares that the Holder proposes
to sell (the Offered Shares ), the price and the terms at which the proposed sale is to be made and the name and address
of the proposed transferee. At any time within 30 days after the receipt of such notice by the Company, the Company or its assigns may
elect to purchase all or any portion of the Offered Shares at the price and on the terms offered by the proposed transferee and specified
in the notice. The Company or its assigns shall exercise this right by mailing or delivering written notice to the Holder within the
foregoing 30-day period. If the Company or its assigns elect to exercise its purchase rights under this Section 10(b), the closing for
such purchase shall, in any event, take place within 45 days after the receipt by the Company of the initial notice from the Holder.
In the event that the Company or its assigns do not elect to exercise such purchase right, or in the event that the Company or its assigns
do not pay the full purchase price within such 45-day period, the Holder shall be required to pay a transaction processing fee of 10,000
to the Company (unless waived by the Committee) and then may, within 60 days thereafter, sell the Offered Shares to the proposed transferee
and at the same price and on the same terms as specified in the Holder s notice. Any Shares not sold to the proposed transferee
shall remain subject to the Plan. If the Holder is a party to any stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or
certain other of the Company s stockholders relating to the Shares, (i) the transferring Holder shall comply with the requirements
of such stockholders agreements or other agreements relating to any proposed transfer of the Offered Shares, and (ii) any proposed transferee
that purchases Offered Shares shall enter into such stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain of the
Company s stockholders relating to the Offered Shares on the same terms and in the same capacity as the transferring Holder. 

- 13 - 

(c)
 Company s Right of Repurchase . 

(i)
 Right of Repurchase for Unvested Shares Issued Upon the Exercise of an Option . Upon a Termination Event, the Company or its assigns
shall have the right and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares acquired upon exercise of a Stock Option which is still subject
to a risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event. Such repurchase rights may be exercised by the Company within the later of (A) six
months following the date of such Termination Event or (B) seven months after the acquisition of Shares upon exercise of a Stock Option.
The repurchase price shall be equal to the lower of the original per share price paid by the Holder, subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 3(b) of the Plan, or the current Fair Market Value of such Shares as of the date the Company elects to exercise its repurchase
rights. 

(ii)
 Right of Repurchase With Respect to Restricted Stock . Upon a Termination Event, the Company or its assigns shall have the right
and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares received pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award any Shares that are still subject to a
risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event. Such repurchase right may be exercised by the Company within six months following the
date of such Termination Event. The repurchase price shall be the lower of the original per share purchase price paid by the Holder,
subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) of the Plan, or the current Fair Market Value of such Shares as of the date the Company
elects to exercise its repurchase rights. 

(iii)
 Procedure . Any repurchase right of the Company shall be exercised by the Company or its assigns by giving the Holder written notice
on or before the last day of the repurchase period of its intention to exercise such repurchase right. Upon such notification, the Holder
shall promptly surrender to the Company, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances, any certificates representing the Shares being
purchased, together with a duly executed stock power for the transfer of such Shares to the Company or the Company s assignee or
assignees. Upon the Company s or its assignee s receipt of the certificates from the Holder, the Company or its assignee
or assignees shall deliver to him, her or them a check for the applicable repurchase price; provided, however, that the Company may pay
the repurchase price by offsetting and canceling any indebtedness then owed by the Holder to the Company. 

(d)
 Escrow Arrangement . 

(i)
 Escrow . In order to carry out the provisions of this Section 10 of this Plan more effectively, the Company shall hold any Shares
issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan in escrow together with separate stock powers executed by the Holder in blank for transfer.
The Company shall not dispose of the Shares except as otherwise provided in this Plan. In the event of any repurchase by the Company
(or any of its assigns), the Company is hereby authorized by the Holder, as the Holder s attorney-in-fact, to date and complete
the stock powers necessary for the transfer of the Shares being purchased and to transfer such Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.
At such time as any Shares are no longer subject to the Company s repurchase and first refusal rights, the Company shall, at the
written request of the Holder, deliver to the Holder a certificate representing such Shares with the balance of the Shares to be held
in escrow pursuant to this Section. 

- 14 - 

(ii)
 Remedy . Without limitation of any other provision of this Plan or other rights, in the event that a Holder or any other Person
is required to sell a Holder s Shares pursuant to the provisions of Section 10(b) or (c) hereof and in the further event that he
or she refuses or for any reason fails to deliver to the Company or its designated purchaser of such Shares the certificate or certificates
evidencing such Shares together with a related stock power, the Company or such designated purchaser may deposit the applicable purchase
price for such Shares with a bank designated by the Company, or with the Company s independent public accounting firm, as agent
or trustee, or in escrow, for such Holder or other Person, to be held by such bank or accounting firm for the benefit of and for delivery
to him, her, them or it, and/or, in its discretion, pay such purchase price by offsetting any indebtedness then owed by such Holder as
provided above. Upon any such deposit and/or offset by the Company or its designated purchaser of such amount and upon notice to the
Person who was required to sell the Shares to be sold pursuant to the provisions of Section 10(b) or (c), such Shares shall at such time
be deemed to have been sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to such purchaser, such Holder shall have no further rights thereto (other
than the right to withdraw the payment thereof held in escrow, if applicable), and the Company shall record such transfer in its stock
transfer book or in any appropriate manner. 

(e)
 Lockup Provision . If requested by the Company, a Holder shall not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Shares (including,
without limitation, pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act) held by him or her for such period following the effective date of
a public offering by the Company of Shares as the Company shall specify reasonably and in good faith. If requested by the underwriter
engaged by the Company, each Holder shall execute a separate letter confirming his or her agreement to comply with this Section. 

(f)
 Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock
dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Common Stock, the outstanding Shares are increased or decreased
or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Section 10 shall apply
with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by Holder in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership
of, Shares. 

(g)
 Termination . The terms and provisions of Section 10(b) and Section 10(c) (except for the Company s right to repurchase Shares
still subject to a risk of forfeiture upon a Termination Event) shall terminate upon consummation of any Sale Event, in either case as
a result of which Shares are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and publicly-traded on any national security exchange. 

SECTION
11. TAX WITHHOLDING 

(a)
 Payment by Grantee . Each grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Shares or other amounts
received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the grantee for income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make
arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be
withheld by the Company with respect to such income. The Company and any Subsidiary shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right
to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the grantee. The Company s obligation to deliver stock certificates
(or evidence of book entry) to any grantee is subject to and conditioned on any such tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the
grantee. 

(b)
 Payment in Stock . The Company s minimum required tax withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the
Company withholding from Shares to be issued pursuant to an Award a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the
date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. 

- 15 - 

SECTION
12. SECTION 409A AWARDS 

To
the extent that any Award is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section
409A (a 409A Award ), the Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as may be specified by the Committee
from time to time. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a separation from service (within the
meaning of Section 409A) to a grantee who is considered a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A), then
no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after the grantee s separation
from service, or (ii) the grantee s death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject
to interest, penalties and/or additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A. The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall
have no liability to any grantee under the Plan or any other Person with respect to any penalties or taxes under Section 409A that are,
or may be, imposed with respect to any Award. It is the intent of the Board that payments and benefits under the Plan comply with or
be exempt from Section 409A and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted
the Plan shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith or exempt therefrom. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for
any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed upon a Participant by Section 409A or damages to a Participant for failing
to comply with Section 409A. 

SECTION
13. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION 

The
Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Committee may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the
purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding
Award without the consent of the holder of the Award. The Committee may exercise its discretion to reduce the exercise price of outstanding
Stock Options or effect repricing through cancellation of outstanding Stock Options and by granting such holders new Awards in replacement
of the cancelled Stock Options. To the extent determined by the Committee to be required either by the Code to ensure that Incentive
Stock Options granted under the Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code or otherwise, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval
by the Company stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. Nothing in this Section 13 shall limit the Board s or
Committee s authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(c). The Board reserves the right to amend the Plan and/or
the terms of any outstanding Stock Options to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements of the exemption pursuant
to Rule 12h-1 of the Exchange Act. 

SECTION
14. STATUS OF PLAN 

With
respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Stock or other consideration not received by
a grantee, a grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Committee shall otherwise
expressly so determine in connection with any Award. 

SECTION
15. GENERAL PROVISIONS 

(a)
 No Distribution; Compliance with Legal Requirements . The Committee may require each person acquiring Shares pursuant to an Award
to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to distribution thereof.
No Shares shall be issued pursuant to an Award until all applicable securities law and other legal and stock exchange or similar requirements
have been satisfied. The Committee may require the placing of such stop-orders and restrictive legends on certificates for Stock and
Awards, as it deems appropriate. 

- 16 - 

(b)
 Delivery of Stock Certificates . Stock certificates to grantees under the Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when
the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the United States mail, addressed to the
grantee, at the grantee s last known address on file with the Company; provided that stock certificates to be held in escrow pursuant
to Section 10 of the Plan shall be deemed delivered when the Company shall have recorded the issuance in its records. Uncertificated
Stock shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have given to the grantee
by electronic mail (with proof of receipt) or by United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee s last known address
on file with the Company, notice of issuance and recorded the issuance in its records (which may include electronic book entry 
records). 

(c)
 No Employment Rights . The adoption of the Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any Person any right to continued employment
or Service Relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(d)
 Trading Policy Restrictions . Option exercises and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company s insider
trading policy-related restrictions, terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee, or in accordance with policies set
by the Committee, from time to time. 

(e)
 Designation of Beneficiary . Each grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries
to exercise any Award on or after the grantee s death or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the grantee s
death. Any such designation shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Committee and shall not be effective until received by
the Committee. If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the grantee,
the beneficiary shall be the grantee s estate. 

(f)
 Legend . Any certificate(s) representing the Shares shall carry substantially the following legend (and with respect to uncertificated
Stock, the book entries evidencing such shares shall contain the following notation): 

The
transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions
(including repurchase and restrictions against transfers contained in the Plan and any agreements entered into thereunder by and between
the company and the holder of this certificate (a copy of which is available at the offices of the company for examination). 

(g)
 Information to Holders of Options . In the event the Company is relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of
Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act contained in paragraph (f)(1) of Rule 12h-1 of the Exchange Act, the Company shall provide the information
described in Rule 701(e)(3), (4) and (5) of the Securities Act to all holders of Options in accordance with the requirements thereunder.
The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be required to provide such information unless the option holder has agreed in writing,
on a form prescribed by the Company, to keep such information confidential. 

SECTION
16. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 

The
Plan shall become effective upon adoption by the Board and shall be approved by stockholders in accordance with applicable state law
and the Company s articles of incorporation and bylaws within 12 months thereafter. If the stockholders fail to approve the Plan
within 12 months after its adoption by the Board of Directors, then any Awards granted or sold under the Plan shall be rescinded and
no additional grants or sales shall thereafter be made under the Plan. Subject to such approval by stockholders and to the requirement
that no Shares may be issued hereunder prior to such approval, Stock Options and other Awards may be granted hereunder on and after adoption
of the Plan by the Board. No grants of Stock Options and other Awards may be made hereunder after September 19, 2030, unless and until
an extension is approved by the stockholders of the Company. 

SECTION
17. GOVERNING LAW 

This
Plan, all Awards and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan and all Awards shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, without regard to conflict of law principles that would
result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 

- 17 - 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.82>
 4
 ex10-82.htm

Exhibit
10.82 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made effective as of January 3, 2023, (the Effective Date ),
by and between LifeMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), having corporate headquarters at 236 Fifth Avenue,
Suite 400, New York, NY 10001, and Jessica Friedeman, an individual and resident of the State of New York with an address at 38
Hallmam Road, Buffalo, NY 14216 (the Employee ). 

The
Company and Employee are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party . 

WlTNESSETH: 

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to employ, and Employee agrees to work in the employ of the Company; and 

WHEREAS,
the Parties hereto desire to set forth the terms of Employee s employment with the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained, the Company and Employee hereby agree
as follows: 

1. Employment .
The Company hereby employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts employment by the Company, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth. 

2. Duties
and Responsibilities . 

(a) 
Commencing as of the Effective Date, Employee shall serve in the position of Chief Marketing Officer CMO ). During the
Employment Term, Employee shall (i) be subject to all of the Company s policies, rules, and regulations applicable to its executives,
(ii) report to, and be subject to the direction and control of Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chairman of the Board,
Justin Schreiber and (iii) perform such duties commensurate with Employee s position as shall be assigned to Employee. 

(b) 
During the term of Employee s employment, and excluding any vacation, paid holiday, and sick and personal leave to which Employee
may be entitled under this Agreement or applicable federal, state, or local law, Employee agrees to devote substantially all of her business
time, energies, skills, and attention to the business and affairs of the Company and any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, or other entity owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company (each, a Subsidiary ), to the
extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to Employee hereunder, to use Employee s reasonable best efforts to
perform faithfully, effectively, and efficiently such responsibilities. During the term of Employee s employment, it shall not
be a violation of this Agreement for Employee to (i) serve on corporate, civic, or charitable boards or committees, (ii) deliver lectures
or fulfill speaking engagements, (iii) perform pro bono legal work or (iv) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do
not (A) violate the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between Employee and the Company, or between the Company and any third
party or (B) constitute an actual or prospective conflict of interest or otherwise interfere with the performance of Employee s
responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement. 

1 

(c) 
To induce the Company to enter into this Agreement, Employee represents and warrants to the Company that she is subject to no restraint,
limitation, or restriction by virtue of any agreement or arrangement, or by virtue of any law or rule of law or otherwise which would
impair her right or ability (i) to enter the employ of the Company or (ii) to perform fully her duties and obligations pursuant to this
Agreement. 

3. Term
of Employment . This Agreement and the employment relationship and terms hereunder shall continue from the Effective Date until Employee s
employment is terminated by either the Company or Employee pursuant to Section 7 (the Employment Term ). 

4. Compensation .
In consideration for all services rendered by Employee to the Company during the Employment Term, and the covenants and agreements of
Employee set forth herein (including without limitation the Amendment and Waiver provision in Section 8 ), the Company shall pay
or cause to be paid to Employee, and Employee shall accept, the payments and benefits set forth in this Section 4 . The Company
shall be entitled to deduct and/or withhold from the compensation amounts payable under this Agreement, all amounts required or permitted
to be deducted or withheld under any federal, state, or local law or regulation, or in connection with any Bonus Plan (as defined below)
or Benefit Plan (as defined below) in which Employee participates and which mandates a contribution, assessment, or co-payment by the
participants therein. 

(a) Base
Salary . The Company shall pay Employee a base salary at the rate of 350,000.00 per calendar year, which amount shall be subject
to adjustment as set forth below (the Base Salary ). Employee s Base Salary shall be paid in approximately
equal installments in accordance with the Company s regular practices, as such practices may be modified from time to time. During
the Employment Term, Employee s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually (on a calendar year basis) by and shall be subject to adjustment
at the discretion of the Company. Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer to the Base Salary as so adjusted
from time to time. 

(b) Bonus
Plans . Employee shall be eligible to receive a discretionary Performance Bonus for each completed calendar year
during the Employment Term. The Performance Bonus, if any, shall be determined on a calendar year basis in the Company s sole discretion,
with a target of 40 of the Base Salary and a maximum bonus potential of 80 of the Base Salary, subject to corporate and personal goals
with first time bonus eligibility for payment in calendar year 2024 related to 2023 goals, and shall be paid as and when determined by
the Board, but typically no later than March of the calendar year following the year to which the Performance Bonus is attributable.
Corporate and personal goals pertinent to the award of a Performance Bonus will be determined and further specified by LifeMD s
CEO and Chairman in coordination with LifeMD s Chief Financial Officer in the first half of each calendar year. 

2 

(c)
 Benefit Plans . Employee shall be eligible to participate in all benefit plans of the Company, including without limitation and
to the extent available and/or offered medical coverage, dental, vision, life insurance, 401k plan, and/or other benefits that
may be provided by the Company, from time to time, to Company employees of comparable status, subject to, and to the extent that, Employee
is eligible under each such benefit plan in accordance with their respective terms i.e. , after the passage of any pre-required
amount of service pursuant to each benefit plan). For example, medical benefits commence for your position on the first day of the month
following the first day of employment, whereas the Employee 401(k) plan commences after 3 months of service. 

(d)
 Time-Vested Restricted Shares TVRSs 

As
of the Effective Date, Employee shall be granted up to one hundred and fifty thousand (150,000) shares of the Company s common
stock as Time-Vested Restricted Shares TVRSs under and subject to all of the provisions of a related award agreement
(the Restricted Stock Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A ), upon and subject to approval by the
Company s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee and vesting as follows: 

50,000
 TVRSs vest on the one year anniversary of the Effective Date; 
 
 50,000
 TVRSs vest on the two year anniversary of the Effective Date; and 
 
 50,000
 TVRSs vest on the three year anniversary of the Effective Date. 

Except
as otherwise set forth herein or in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, vesting of the TVRSs will cease upon the termination of Employee s
employment with the Company subject to the terms of the Employment Agreement. 

All
of the TVRSs shall vest immediately and become exercisable in full upon a Change in Control, regardless of what time has passed since
the Effective Date. As used herein, Change of Control means (i) a bona fide transfer or series of related transfers of
Shares to any person or Group in which, or as a result of which, such person or Group obtains the direct or indirect right to elect a
majority of the board of directors of the Company; or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. As used herein,
 Group means any group or syndicate that would be considered a person for purposes of Section 13(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(e)
 Performance-Based Restricted Shares PBRSs 

Employee
shall be granted up to one hundred and fifty thousand (150,000) shares of the Company s common stock as Performance-Based Restricted
Shares (the PBRSs under and subject to all of the provisions of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, upon and subject
to approval by the Compensation Committee. The PBRSs will be unvested on the grant date. The PBRSs will be issued in such amounts and
upon the Company achieving certain milestones (each a Milestone in accordance with the SCHEDULE FOR GRANT OF PBRSs provided
below. PBRSs, if, and to the extent, issued and when issued, will vest on the achievement of each Milestone (where the data is based
on LifeMD s earnings releases and audited financials). Except as otherwise set forth herein or in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement,
vesting of the PBRSs will cease upon the termination of Employee s employment with the Company subject to the terms of the Employment
Agreement. 

3 

All
PBRSs vest immediately and become exercisable in full upon a Change in Control, regardless of whether or not any Milestone for Vesting
has been met at the time of the Change in Control. As used herein, Change of Control means (i) a bona fide transfer or
series of related transfers of Shares to any person or Group in which, or as a result of which, such person or Group obtains the direct
or indirect right to elect a majority of the board of directors of the Company; or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company. As used herein, Group means any group or syndicate that would be considered a person for
purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE
FOR GRANT OF PBRSs : 

Up
to 150,000 PBRSs vesting on upon achieving each of the following Milestones in connection with the Company s Telehealth
Net Revenue (which means the sum of the Company s gross telehealth sales
minus telehealth-related refunds and returns) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Profit, vesting as follows: 

PBRSs 
 
 Milestone
 for Vesting 
 
 Performance
 Period Expiry 
 
 50,000 

125,000,000 in Telehealth Net Revenue and 10 EBITDA margins 
 
 12/31/24 
 
 50,000 

150,000,000 in Telehealth Net Revenue and 15 EBITDA margins 
 
 12/31/25 
 
 50,000 

200,000,000 in Telehealth Net Revenue and 15 EBITDA margins 
 
 12/31/26 

5.
 Additional Benefits . During the Employment Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive
any other employment benefits that may be provided by the Company from time to time to Company employees of comparable status, subject
to, and to the extent that, Employee is eligible under such benefits in accordance with their respective terms. For example, Employee,
as an exempt (salaried) employee at the Company, will be subject to the Unlimited Paid Time Off Memo (dated December 30,
2021 and effective January 1, 2022). The Company reserves the right to change benefits from time to time in its discretion. 

6. Covenants of Employee . 

(a)
Employee will truthfully and accurately make, maintain, and preserve all records and reports that the Company may from time-to-time
reasonably request or require; 

(b)
Employee will obey all rules, regulations, and reasonable special instructions applicable to Employee, and will be loyal and faithful
to the Company at all times, constantly endeavoring to improve Employee s ability and knowledge of the business in an effort to
increase the value of Employee s services to the mutual benefit of the Parties; 

4 

(c)
Employee will make available to the Company all information Employee has knowledge relating to the business of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries and will make all suggestions and recommendations which Employee feels will be of benefit to the Company; 

(d)
Employee will fully account for all money, records, goods, wares, and merchandise or other property belonging to the Company of which
Employee has custody, and will pay over and deliver the same promptly whenever and however she may be reasonably directed to do so; 

(e)
During employment with the Company, its subsidiaries, and thereafter, the Employee will not divulge, transmit or otherwise disclose (except
as legally compelled by court order), directly or indirectly, any confidential knowledge or information with respect to the operations,
finances, organization or employees of the Company or its affiliates or with respect to confidential or secret processes, services, techniques,
customers or plans with respect to the Company and its affiliates. The Employee will not use, directly or indirectly, any confidential
information of the Company and its affiliates for the benefit of anyone other than the Company or its affiliates. 

(f)
All files, records, correspondence, memoranda, notes or other documents (including, without limitation, those in computer-readable
form) or property relating or belonging to the Company and its affiliates, whether prepared by the Employee or otherwise coming into
her possession in the course of the performance of her services, shall be the exclusive property of the Company and shall be
immediately delivered to the Company and not retained by the Employee (including, without limitations, any copies thereof) upon
termination of employment for any reason whatsoever. 

(g)
While employed by the Company and its subsidiaries and for a period of nine (9) months thereafter (the Restricted
Period ), the Employee shall not, within any jurisdiction or marketing area in which the Company or any of its affiliates is
doing business, directly or indirectly limited to telehealth or telemedicine businesses (i) participate in the
ownership, management, operation, or control of; or (ii) consult with, be employed by, or otherwise render services to any said
telehealth or telemedicine business. During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, privately or publicly: (i) solicit for
business or accept the business of, any person or entity who is, or was at any time within the previous nine (9) months, a customer
of the Company (or potential customer with whom the Company had initiated contact) or its affiliates, unless Employee had contacts
with said customer or potential customer prior to signing these Employment Terms (and for the avoidance of doubt,
 customer as used herein specifically excludes any and all patients of the Company s affiliated medical group or
and of any third-party medical provider to the Company); (ii) disparage or make derogatory, pejorative, or offensive remarks about
the Company, it affiliates, or its brands, products, and offerings. 

(h)
Employee represents and warrants that Employee s performance under these Terms does not and will not violate the terms of any other
agreement to which Employee is a party, including, without limitation, confidentiality, or non-competition agreements. 

5 

(i)
Employee understands that in her performing work for the Company, she will be expected not to use or disclose any confidential information,
including trade secrets, of any former employer or other person that Employee has an obligation of confidentiality. Rather, Employee
further understands that she will be expected to use only that information which is generally known and used by persons with training
and experience comparable to her own, which is common knowledge in the industry or otherwise legally in the public domain, or which is
otherwise provided or developed by the Company. Employee agrees that she will not bring onto Company premises any unpublished documents
or property belonging to any former employer or other person to whom Employee has an obligation of confidentiality. Employee hereby represents
that she has disclosed to the Company any contract she has signed that may restrict Employee s activities on behalf of the Company. 

(j)
Employee acknowledges and understands that the securities of the Company are publicly traded and subject to the Securities Act of 1933
and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a result, Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) she is required under applicable securities
laws to refrain from trading in securities of the Company while in possession of material nonpublic information and to refrain from disclosing
any material nonpublic information to anyone except as permitted by this Agreement in connection with the performance of Employee s
duties hereunder, and (ii) she will communicate to any person to whom Employee communicates any material nonpublic information that such
information is material nonpublic information and that the trading and disclosure restrictions in clause (i) above also apply to such
person. 

7. Termination
of Employment. Employee s employment with the Company will be at-will. Either the Company or Employee can terminate
the employment at any time and for any reason, with or without notice by the Company, and with at least two weeks written notice by Employee.
If Employee s employment is terminated without cause within one year of the Effective Date, Employee will receive severance pay
equal to Employee s monthly Base Salary for three months from the date of termination of employment. If Employee s employment
is terminated without cause after one year of the Effective Date but within two years of the Effective Date, Employee will receive severance
pay equal to Employee s monthly Base Salary for four months from the date of termination of employment. If Employee s employment
is terminated without cause after two years of the Effective, Employee will receive severance pay equal to Employee s monthly Base
Salary for six months from the date of termination of employment. To be eligible for the severance payment, Employee must have executed
and not revoked a full and complete release of any and all claims against the Company and related persons and entities in the standard
form then used by the Company Release ), within 7 days (or longer, if otherwise required by any applicable law) of the
date of provision of the Release. Upon making all of the applicable severance payments and benefits, except with respect to any outstanding
equity compensation agreements, the Company shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement
relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of the Company (as opposed to some other status with respect to
the Company, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 

6 

The
Company may terminate the employment of the Employee with cause if the Company determines that, for example, Employee has: 

(a) materially
 breached any provision hereof, any Company approved policy or procedure (including but not
 limited to the Code of Ethics or any material provision of the Employee Handbook), habitually
 neglected the duties which Employee was required to perform under any provision of this Agreement,
 or any fiduciary duty owed to Company; 

(b) misappropriated
 funds or property of the Company or otherwise engaged in acts of dishonesty, fraud,
 embezzlement, misrepresentation, or other acts of moral turpitude, even if not in connection
 with the performance of Employee s duties hereunder, which could reasonably be expected
 to result in serious prejudice to the interests of the Company if Employee were retained
 as an employee; 

(c) secured
 any personal profit not completely disclosed to and approved by the Company in connection
 with any transaction entered into on behalf of or with the Company or any affiliate of the
 Company, including not limited to acts of self-dealing whether or not for personal gain,
 or failure to return any compensation amount required to be clawed back or returned to the
 Company by application of any applicable law or regulation; or 

(d) failed
 to carry out and perform duties assigned to Employee in accordance with the terms hereof
 in a manner acceptable to the Company after a written demand for substantial performance
 is delivered to Employee which identifies the manner in which Employee has not substantially
 performed Employee s duties and provided further that Employee shall be given a reasonable
 opportunity to cure such failure. 

(e) willfully,
 recklessly, or negligently violate any applicable state or federal law or regulation, including
 but not limited to failure or refusal to materially comply with all relevant and material
 obligations, assumable and personally chargeable to an executive of his corporate rank and
 responsibilities, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder; or 

(f) been
 convicted of, or enter a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or misdemeanor under state
 or federal law in a court of competent jurisdiction, other than a traffic violation or misdemeanor
 not involving dishonesty or moral turpitude. 

For
purposes of this section, the Employee shall not be terminated for Cause without (i) reasonable notice to the Employee setting forth
the reasons for the Company s intention to Terminate for Cause and a reasonable opportunity to cure such situation (if capable
of cure), (ii) an opportunity for the Employee, together with counsel, to be heard before the General Counsel and/or Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and (iii) delivery to the Employee of a notice of termination from the Company, finding that, in the good faith
opinion of the General Counsel and/or Chief Executive Officer, the Employee had engaged in the conduct set forth above and specifying
the particulars thereof in detail. 

7 

8. Amendment
and Waiver . This Agreement may not be changed orally but only by written documents signed by the Party against whom enforcement of
any waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought; however, the amount of compensation to be paid to Employee for services
to be performed for the Company hereunder may be changed from time to time by the Parties by written agreement without in any other way
modifying, changing or affecting this Agreement or the performance by Employee of any of the duties of her employment with the Company.
Any such written agreement shall be, and shall be conclusively deemed to be, a ratification and confirmation of this Agreement, except
as expressly set forth in such written amendment. The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate
as or be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof, nor of any breach of any other term or provision of this Agreement. 

9. Notice .
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly delivered (a) three business days after being
received by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (b) three business days after being sent for
next business day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service, in the case of the Company, to its principal
office address or to legal@lifemd.com with confirmed return receipt, and in the case of Employee, to Employee s residence
address as shown on the records of the Company, Employee s address on this Agreement (if not a residence), jrsoccerjr@aol.com ,
or may be given by personal delivery thereof. 

10. Severability .
When possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid and enforceable under applicable law.
If any provision shall be invalid, unenforceable, or prohibited by applicable law, then in lieu of declaring such provision invalid or
unenforceable, to the extent permitted by law (a) the Parties agree that they will amend such provision to the minimal extent necessary
to bring such provision within the ambit of enforceability, and (b) any court of competent jurisdiction may, at the request of either
party, sufficiently revise, reconstruct, or reform such provision to cause it to be valid and enforceable. 

11. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement forms the complete and exclusive statement of Employee s employment agreement with the Company. It
supersedes any other agreements, representations or promises made to Employee by anyone, whether oral or written. Changes in Employee s
employment terms, other than those changes expressly reserved to the Company s discretion in this Agreement, require a written
modification signed by an officer of the Company. 

12.
 Force Majeure . Neither of the Parties shall be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform hereunder, which delay
or failure is due to causes beyond the control of said Party, including, but not limited to acts of God; acts of the public enemy; acts
of the United States of America or any state, territory, or political subdivision thereof or of the District of Columbia; fires; floods;
epidemics, quarantine restrictions; strike or freight embargoes. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 12, in every
case the delay or failure to perform must be beyond the control and without the fault or negligence of the Party claiming excusable delay. 

13.
 Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute arising under or pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties agree to attempt to resolve
the dispute in a commercially reasonable fashion before instituting any litigation or arbitration (except for emergency injunctive relief).
If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days, then the parties agree to mediate the dispute with a mutually
agreed upon mediator in New York, NY. If the parties cannot agree upon a mediator within ten (10) days after either party shall first
request commencement of mediation, each party will select a mediator within five (5) days thereof, and those mediators shall select the
mediator to be used. The mediation shall be scheduled within thirty (30) days following the selection of the mediator. The parties further
agree that any applicable statute of limitations will be tolled for the period of time from the date mediation is requested until 14
days following the mediation. If the mediation does not resolve the dispute, then the parties irrevocably and unconditionally agree to
the arbitration provisions in Section 14. 

8 

14.
 Arbitration . To ensure the rapid and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with your employment with
the Company, Employee and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action, in law or equity, including but not
limited to statutory claims, arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance, or interpretation of this Agreement, Employee s
employment with the Company, or the termination of Employee s employment, shall be resolved pursuant to the Federal Arbitration
Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration conducted by JAMS or
its successor, under JAMS then applicable rules and procedures for employment disputes (available upon request and also currently
available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/) . The arbitration will take place in New York, NY unless otherwise
agreed to by the Parties. Employee acknowledges that by agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Employee and the Company waive the
right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding. In addition, all claims, disputes, or
causes of action under this section, whether by Employee or the Company, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be
brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated
with the claims of any other person or entity. The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity and may
not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences regarding class claims or
proceedings are found to violate applicable law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a
class shall proceed in a court of law rather than by arbitration. This paragraph shall not apply to any action or claim that cannot be
subject to mandatory arbitration as a matter of law, including, without limitation, claims brought pursuant to the California Private
Attorneys General Act of 2004, as amended, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, as amended, and the California Labor Code,
as amended, to the extent such claims are not permitted by applicable law(s) to be submitted to mandatory arbitration and the applicable
law(s) are not preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act or otherwise invalid (collectively, the Excluded Claims ).
In the event Employee intends to bring multiple claims, including one of the Excluded Claims listed above, the Excluded Claims may be
filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. Employee will have the right to be represented
by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding. The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution
of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a written statement signed by the arbitrator
regarding the disposition of each claim and the relief, if any, awarded as to each claim, the reasons for the award, and the arbitrator s
essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award all relief that Employee
or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The Company shall pay all JAMS arbitration fees in excess of the administrative
fees that Employee would be required to pay if the dispute were decided in a court of law. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent
either Employee or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such
arbitration. 

9 

15.
 Successors . 

(a) No
rights or obligations of Employee under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Employee other than Employee s rights
to payments or benefits hereunder, which may be transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Upon Employee s
death, this Agreement and all rights of Employee hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Employee s beneficiary
or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, to the extent any such person succeeds to Employee s interests
under this Agreement. Subject to compliance with the terms of any Company sponsored benefit plan, Employee shall be entitled to select
and change a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive following Employee s death any benefit or compensation payable hereunder by
giving the Company written notice thereof. In the event of Employee s death or a judicial determination of Employee s incompetence,
reference in this Agreement to Employee shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to Employee s beneficiary(ies), estate or
other legal representative(s). 

(b) This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and permitted assigns. 

(c) The
Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement to any successor of substantially all of its business or assets, and any such successor
shall be bound by all of the provisions hereof. 

16.
 Governing Law . This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the substantive laws of New York. 

17.
 Multiple Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts each deemed to be an original but all of which
together shall constitute but one instrument. 

18.
 Indemnification . The Company agrees to indemnify the Employee for his activities as an Officer of the Company, as set forth in
the Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . In addition, the Company shall exercise
its best efforts to increase the coverage limit of its directors and officers liability insurance policy (and not otherwise
diminish the scope or value of such coverage) based on market conditions and advice received from the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors and shall thereafter maintain in effect such coverage with a coverage limit of at least that amount and containing not materially
less favorable provisions. 

[Signatures
on Next Page] 

10 

EXECUTED
as of the day, month, and year set forth above as the Effective Date. 

LIFEMD, INC. 

Justin Schreiber 

Chief Executive Officer Chairman Of The Board 

eMPLOYEE 

/s/ Jessica Friedeman 

Jessica Friedeman, Chief Marketing Officer 

11 

</EX-10.82>

<EX-10.83>
 5
 ex10-83.htm

Exhibit
10.83 

EXHIBIT
A 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 RESTRICTED
STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 

THIS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of January 3, 2023 (the Grant Date between LifeMD, Inc.
(the Company and Jessica Friedeman (the Employee ). 

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to grant the Employee, shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.01 par value Shares ),
subject to certain restrictions as set forth in this Agreement (this Restricted Stock Award ), pursuant to the LifeMD,
Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and any Amendments thereto (capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the same meanings as in the Plan); 

WHEREAS ,
 the Board of Directors (the Board has determined that it would be to the advantage and best interest of the
Company and its stockholders to grant the Shares herein to the Employee; and 

NOW
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Grant
of Restricted Shares . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
the Company hereby grants to the Employee a restricted Shares award of 300,000 Shares (the Restricted Shares composed
of: 

(a) A
Time-Vested Restricted Shares award of 150,000 Shares (the Time-Vested Restricted Shares or TVRSs ). 

(b)
A Performance-Based Restricted Shares award of 150,000 Shares (the Performance-Based Restricted Shares or PBRSs ). 

The
Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with Section 2 hereof. 

2. Vesting . 

(a) The
Time-Vested Restricted Shares shall vest as follows: 

(i) 50,000
 TVRSs vest on the 1-year anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(ii) 50,000
 TVRSs vest on the 2-year anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(iii) 50,000
 TVRSs vest on the 3-year anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(b) The
Performance-Based Restricted Shares shall vest on upon achieving each of the following Milestones in connection with the Company s
 Telehealth Net Revenue (which means the sum of the Company s gross telehealth sales minus telehealth-related refunds
and returns) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Profit, as follows: 

PBRSs 
 
 Milestone
 for Vesting 
 
 Performance
 Period Expiry 
 
 50,000 

125,000,000 in Telehealth Net Revenue and 10 EBITDA margins 
 
 12/31/24 
 
 50,000 

150,000,000 in Telehealth Net Revenue and 15 EBITDA margins 
 
 12/31/25 
 
 50,000 

200,000,000 in Telehealth Net Revenue and 15 EBITDA margins 
 
 12/31/26 

(c) To
the extent it is then unvested, the Restricted Shares shall vest upon the termination of the Employee s employment with the Company
without Cause (if termination is by the Company) or for Good Reason (if termination is by Employee), as such terms are defined in the
employment agreement of such Employee or if such term or terms is not defined in the employment agreement or there is not an employment
agreement, as defined by the Plan. In lieu of fractional vesting, the number of Restricted Shares shall be rounded up each time until
fractional Restricted Shares are eliminated. 

(d) However,
notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, at the option of the Board in its sole and absolute discretion, all Restricted
Shares shall be immediately forfeited in the event any of the following events occur: 

(i) The
Employee purchases or sells securities of the Company without written authorization in accordance with the Company s insider trading
policy then in effect, if any; 

(ii) The
Employee (A) discloses, publishes, or authorizes anyone else to use, disclose or publish, without the prior written consent of the Company,
any proprietary or confidential information of the Company, including, without limitation, any information relating to existing or potential
customers, business methods, financial information, trade or industry practices, sales and marketing strategies, employee information,
vendor lists, business strategies, intellectual property, trade secrets, or any other proprietary or confidential information or (B)
directly or indirectly uses any such proprietary or confidential information for the individual benefit of the Employee or the benefit
of a third party; 

(iii) During
the term of employment and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, the Employee disrupts or damages, impairs, or interferes with the
business of the Company or its Affiliates by recruiting, soliciting, or otherwise inducing any of their respective employees to enter
into employment or other relationship with any other business entity, or terminate or materially diminish their relationship with the
Company or its Affiliates, as applicable; 

- 2 - 

(iv) During
the term of employment and for a period of nine months thereafter, the Employee solicits or directs business of any person or entity
who is (A) a customer of the Company or its Affiliates at any time or (B) solicited to be a prospective customer of the
Company or its Affiliates, in any case either for such Employee or for any other person or entity. For purposes of this clause (v), prospective
customer means a person or entity who contacted, or is contacted by, the Company or its Affiliates regarding the provision of
services to or on behalf of such person or entity; provided that the Employee has actual knowledge of such prospective customer; 

(v)
The Employee fails to reasonably cooperate to effect a smooth transition of the Employee s duties and to ensure that the Company
is apprised of the status of all matters the Employee is handling or is unavailable for consultation after termination of employment
of the Employee, if such availability is a condition of any agreement to which the Company and the Employee are parties; 

(vi) The
Employee fails to assign all of such Employee s rights, title, and interest in and to any and all ideas, inventions, formulas,
source codes, techniques, processes, concepts, systems, programs, software, computer data bases, trademarks, service marks, brand names,
trade names, compilations, documents, data, notes, designs, drawings, technical data and/or training materials, including improvements
thereto or derivatives therefrom, whether or not patentable or subject to copyright or trademark or trade secret protection, developed
and produced by the Employee used or intended for use by or on behalf of the Company or the Company s clients; 

(vii)
The Employee acts in a disloyal manner to the Company, such as making comments, whether oral or in writing, that tend to disparage or
injure: (i) the reputation or business of the Company or its Affiliates, or is likely to result in discredit to, or loss of, business
reputation or goodwill of the Company or its Affiliates or (ii) its directors, officers, or stockholders; or 

(viii)
A finding by the Board that the Employee has acted against the interests of the Company or in a manner that has or may have a detrimental
effect on the Company. 

In
addition, all of the Restricted Shares shall, to the extent it is then unvested, vest immediately prior to the closing for any Change
of Control. As used herein, Change of Control means: (i) a bona fide transfer or series of related transfers
of Shares to any person or Group in which, or as a result of which, such person or Group obtains the direct or indirect right to elect
a majority of the board of directors of the Company; or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. As used
herein, Group means any group or syndicate that would be considered a person for purposes of Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate means with respect to a person or entity, any other person or entity controlled
by, in control of, or under common control with such person or entity, and controlled, controlled by, and
 under common control with shall mean direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of management
policies (whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, of a person or entity. 

- 3 - 

3. Representations
and Warranties; Acknowledgements . In connection with the grant of the Restricted Shares hereunder, Employee represents and warrants
to the Company that: 

(a) Employee
is acquiring Restricted Shares for Employee s own account, not as a nominee or agent, for investment only and not with a view towards,
or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof. 

(b) Employee
understands that: (a) the Restricted Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the Securities
Act ), or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned, or transferred unless (A) subsequently
registered thereunder or (B) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) neither the Company nor any other person is under any
obligation to register such securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions
of any exemption thereunder. In this regard, Employee represents that Employee is familiar with SEC Rule 144, and understands the resale
limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act. 

(c) Employee
is able to bear the economic risk of Employee s investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time because the Restricted
Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and, therefore, cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities
Act or an exemption from such registration is available. 

(d) Employee
and Employee s advisers have had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Shares as Employee and Employee s advisers have requested and have had full and free access and opportunity to
inspect, review, examine, and inquire about such other information concerning the Company and its Affiliates as they have requested.
Employee and Employee s advisers have also been provided an opportunity to review and ask questions about the Plan. 

(e) Employee
has had an opportunity to consult with independent legal counsel regarding Employee s rights and obligations under this Agreement
and the Plan, and fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein. Employee is not relying on the Company or any of its employees,
agents, or representatives with respect to the legal, tax, economic, and related considerations of an investment in the Shares. Employee
understands that in the future the Shares may significantly increase or decrease in value, and the Company has not made any representation
to the Employee about the potential future value of the Shares. 

(f) Employee
understands and agrees that the investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk and that no guarantees have been made or can
be made with respect to the future value of the Restricted Shares or the future profitability or success of the Company. 

4. Termination
of Relationship . Subject to Paragraph 2(a), upon the termination of employment, all unvested Shares of Restricted Shares shall be
automatically and irrefutably forfeited. If such forfeiture occurs, Employee shall execute and deliver to the Company any and all further
documents (including an Assignment Separate From Certificate) as the Company reasonably requests to further document the forfeiture.
As used in this Agreement, employment , employ , and like terms shall be construed to include
any employment or consulting relationship with the Company or its Affiliates. For purposes of this Agreement, a change from such an employment
relationship to such a consulting relationship or a relationship as a member of the Board or vice versa shall not be treated as a termination
of employment. 

- 4 - 

5. Redemption .
If any of the events specified in Section 2(b) of this Agreement occur within the time periods set forth therein, all Restricted Shares
that vested during the applicable timer periods shall be forfeited and forthwith, as necessary, surrendered by the Employee to the Company
within ten (10) days after the Employee receives written demand from the Company for such Restricted Shares. 

6. Certificates .
Certificates which may be in electronic book entry format or other format used by the Company in ordinary course of doing business 
evidencing the Restricted Shares shall be issued by the Company and shall be registered in the Employee s name promptly after the
date the shares are vested. No certificates shall be issued for fractional shares, but rather rounded up to the next whole share. 

7.
 Rights as a Stockholder . Neither the Employee, the Employee s estate, nor the Transferee have any rights as a shareholder
with respect to any Common Stock covered by the Restricted Shares unless and until such Restricted Shares have vested. Transferee 
shall mean an individual to whom such Employee s vested Restricted Shares are transferred by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution. 

8. Legend
on Certificates . The Certificates representing the vested Restricted Shares delivered to the Employee as contemplated by Section
5 shall bear such legends, and be subject to such stop transfer orders, as the Company may deem advisable to give notice of
restrictions imposed by this Agreement, the Plan, the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, any stock exchange upon which such Shares are listed, or any applicable law. The Company may cause a legend or legends
to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

9. Transferability.
 To the extent that the Restricted Shares are then unvested, Employee shall not transfer, sell, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise
dispose of the Restricted Shares. 

10. Employment
by the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any other agreement entered into by the Company and the Employee contemporaneously
with the execution of this Agreement (i) shall be deemed to obligate the Company or any of its Affiliates to employ the Employee in any
capacity whatsoever, or (ii) shall prohibit or restrict the Company or any of its Affiliates from terminating the employment, if any,
of the Employee at any time or for any reason whatsoever, and the Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor
any other Person has made any representations or promises whatsoever to the Employee concerning the Employee s employment or continued
employment by the Company. 

11. Sale
of Shares Acquired . Any shares of the Company s Common Stock acquired pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards granted hereunder
cannot be sold by the Employee, subject to registration or an exemption from registration such as to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act, until at least six (6) months elapse from the date of grant of this Restricted Stock Award, except in the case of death or disability
or if the grant was exempt from the short-swing profit provisions of Section 16(b). 

- 5 - 

12. Withholding .
The Employee acknowledges that the Employee is responsible for all liability for applicable tax related to the issuance or vesting of
this Restricted Stock Award. Unless Employee uses a designated broker to sell Shares with an aggregate fair market value sufficient to
cover the amount required to be withheld by the Company, or the Employee delivers in cash or certified check the amount required to be
withheld by the Company, the Company will issue the number of Shares owed to the Employee under this Restricted Stock Award less a number
of Shares equal to, in the aggregate, the amount of applicable tax related to the delivery of such Shares. 

13.
 Adjustments . The Restricted Shares under this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, including but not limited to
Section 3(b) (Changes in Stock) and 3(c) (Sale Events) of the Plan. 

14. Limitation
on Obligations . The Company s obligation with respect to the Restricted Shares granted hereunder is limited solely to the delivery
to the Employee of Shares on the date when such Shares are due to be delivered hereunder, and in no way shall the Company become obligated
to pay cash in respect of such obligation. This Restricted Stock Award shall not be secured by any specific assets of the Company, nor
shall any assets of the Company be designated as attributable or allocated to the satisfaction of the Company s obligations under
this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall not be liable to the Employee for damages relating to any delays in issuing the share
certificates to him/her (or his/her designated entities), any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of
the certificates or in the certificates themselves. 

15.
 Securities Laws . Upon the vesting of any Restricted Shares, the Company may require the Employee to make or enter into such written
representations, warranties, and agreements as the Committee may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws
or with this Agreement. The granting of the Restricted Shares hereunder shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations
and to such approvals of any governmental agencies as may be required. 

16. Arbitration .
Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its interpretation, application, implementation, breach,
or enforcement which the parties hereto are unable to resolve by mutual agreement, shall be settled by submission by either party of
the controversy, claim, or dispute to binding arbitration in New York County, New York (unless the parties agree in writing to a different
location), before a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. The decision
and award made by the arbitrator shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all parties hereto for all purposes, and judgment may be
entered thereon in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 

17. Governing
Law. This Agreement and any dispute, disagreement, or issue of construction or interpretation arising hereunder whether relating
to its execution, its validity, the obligations provided herein or performance, shall be governed or interpreted according to the laws
of the State of Delaware without regard to choice of law considerations. 

18. Restricted
Stock Award Subject to Plan . This Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of
any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 

- 6 - 

19. Signature
in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
taken together shall be deemed one and the same instrument. 

20. Copy
of Plan . By execution of this Agreement, Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. 

21. New
Shares . 

(a) Any
shares of capital stock of the Company or any successor thereto New Shares issued by the Company from time to
time (including without limitation in any stock split or stock dividend) with respect to Restricted Shares Old Shares shall also be treated as Restricted Shares for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(b) The
New Shares so issued shall at all times be vested in the same proportion as the Old Shares are vested. For example: (i) if none of the
Old Shares are vested as of the date that the New Shares are issued, then none of the New Shares will be vested when issued, (ii) if,
from time to time, 25 of the Old Shares become vested at any later date, then 25 of the New Shares shall also become vested on that
date; and (ii) if all of the Old Shares are vested on a date, then all of the New Shares shall be vested on that date. 

(c) The
New Shares shall be subject to this Agreement, including without limitation Section 3 thereof, to the same extent as the Old Shares. 

- 7 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Restricted Stock Award Agreement as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 

LIFEMD, INC. 

Justin Schreiber 

Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board 

EMPLOYEE: 

/s/ Jessica Friedeman 

Jessica Friedeman 

- 8 - 

</EX-10.83>

<EX-10.84>
 6
 ex10-84.htm

Exhibit
10.84 

EXHIBIT
B 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 DIRECTOR
AND OFFICER INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

This
Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2023 (the Agreement ), is made by and
between LifeMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jessica Friedeman (the Indemnitee ). 

 RECITALS: 

A.
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that the business and affairs of a corporation shall be managed by or under the
direction of its board of directors. 

B.
By virtue of the managerial prerogatives vested in the directors and officers of a Delaware corporation, directors, and officers act
as fiduciaries of the corporation and its stockholders. 

C.
It is critically important to the Company and its stockholders that the Company be able to attract and retain the most capable
persons reasonably available to serve as directors and officers of the Company. 

D.
In recognition of the need for corporations to be able to induce capable and responsible persons to accept positions in corporate
management, Delaware law authorizes (and in some instances requires) corporations to indemnify their directors and officers, and
further authorizes corporations to purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of their directors and officers. 

E.
Courts have recognized that indemnification by a corporation serves the dual policies of (1) allowing corporate officials to resist
unjustified lawsuits, secure in the knowledge that, if vindicated, the corporation will bear the expense of litigation, and (2)
encouraging capable women and men to serve as corporate directors and officers, secure in the knowledge that the corporation will
absorb the costs of defending their honesty and integrity. 

F.
The number of lawsuits challenging the judgment and actions of directors and officers of corporations, the costs of defending those
lawsuits, and the threat to personal assets have all materially increased over the past several years, chilling the willingness of
capable women and men to undertake the responsibilities imposed on corporate directors and officers. 

G.
Recent federal legislation and rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the national securities exchanges have
exposed such directors and officers to new and substantially broadened civil liabilities. 

H.
Under Delaware law, a director s or officer s right to be reimbursed for the costs of defense of criminal actions,
whether such claims are asserted under state or federal law, does not depend upon the merits of the claims asserted against the
director or officer and is separate and distinct from any right to indemnification the director may be able to establish. 

I.
Indemnitee is, or will be, a director of the Company and his or her willingness to serve in such capacity is predicated, in
substantial part, upon the Company s willingness to indemnify him or her in accordance with the principles reflected above, to
the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, and upon the other undertakings set forth in this
Agreement. 

J.
In recognition of the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitee s
service as a director of the Company and to enhance Indemnitee s ability to serve the Company in an effective manner, and in order
to provide such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any amendment
to the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the Constituent Documents ),
any change in the composition of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), or any change-in-control
or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification
and advancement of Expenses (as defined herein) to Indemnitee on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in this Agreement. 

K.
In light of the considerations referred to in the preceding recitals, it is the Company s intention and desire that the
provisions of this Agreement be construed liberally, subject to their express terms, to maximize the protections to be provided to
Indemnitee hereunder. 

1 

AGREEMENT: 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Certain Definitions . In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the following meanings when used
in this Agreement: 

(a)
 Change in Control shall have occurred at such time, if any, as Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to
constitute a majority of the directors. For purposes of this Section 1(a), Incumbent Directors means the
individuals who, as of the date hereof, are directors of the Company and any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof
whose election, nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, or appointment, was approved by a vote of at least a majority
of the then Incumbent Directors (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person
is named as a nominee for director, without objection to such nomination); provided, however, that an individual shall not be an Incumbent
Director if such individual s election or appointment to the Board occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest
(as described in Rule 14a-12(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) with respect to the election or removal of directors
or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board. 

(b)
 Claim means (i) any threatened, asserted, pending, or completed claim, demand, action, suit, or proceeding whether
civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, investigative, or other, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law; and
(ii) any inquiry or investigation whether made, instituted, or conducted by the Company or any other Person including, without
limitation, any federal, state, or other governmental entity that Indemnitee reasonably determines might lead to the institution of any
such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company intends the indemnity to be provided hereunder
for acts or failure to act prior to, on, or after the date hereof. 

(c)
 Controlled Affiliate means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust,
or other entity or enterprise, whether or not for profit, that is directly or indirectly controlled by the Company. For purposes of this
definition, control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management or policies of an entity or enterprise, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through other voting rights,
by contract, or otherwise; provided that direct or indirect beneficial ownership of capital stock or other interests in an entity or
enterprise entitling the holder to cast 15 or more of the total number of votes generally entitled to be cast in the election of directors
(or persons performing comparable functions) of such entity or enterprise shall be deemed to constitute control for purposes of this
definition. 

(d)
 Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Claim in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e)
 Expenses means reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, and all other costs and
expenses paid or payable in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, or participating in (including on appeal),
or preparing to investigate, defend, be a witness in or participate in (including on appeal), any Claim. 

(f)
 Indemnifiable Claim means any Claim based upon, arising out of or resulting from (i) any actual, alleged
or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in his capacity as a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company or as a director,
officer, employee, member, manager, trustee, or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, or other entity or enterprise, whether or not for profit, as to which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company,
(ii) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in respect of any business, transaction, communication, filing,
disclosure or other activity of the Company or any other entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of this sentence, or (iii) Indemnitee s
status as a current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company or as a current or former director, officer, employee,
member, manager, trustee, or agent of the Company or any other entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of this sentence or any
actual, alleged, or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in connection with any obligation or restriction imposed upon Indemnitee
by reason of such status. In addition to any service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee
shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee,
or agent of another entity or enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, agent, trustee
or other fiduciary of such entity or enterprise and (i) such entity or enterprise is, or at the time of such service was, a Controlled
Affiliate, (ii) such entity or enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored
or maintained by the Company or a Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) the Company or a Controlled Affiliate (by action of the Board, any committee
thereof or the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO (other than as the CEO himself)) caused or authorized Indemnitee
to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged, or selected to serve in such capacity. 

2 

(g)
 Indemnifiable Losses means any and all Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable
Claim; provided, however, that Indemnifiable Losses shall not include Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable
Claim (or any matter or issue therein) as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged liable to the Company, unless and only to the
extent that the court in which such Indemnifiable Claim was brought shall have determined upon application that, despite the adjudication
of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such
Expenses as the court shall deem proper i.e. , there was no bad faith, gross negligence, and/or willful misconduct by the Director). 

(h)
 Independent Counsel means a nationally recognized law firm, or a member of a nationally recognized law firm,
that is experienced in matters of Delaware corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent:
(i) the Company (or any subsidiary) or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning
the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements) or (ii) any other named (or, as
to a threatened matter, reasonably likely to be named) party to the Indemnifiable Claim giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action
to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 

(i)
 Losses means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil,
criminal, or other), and amounts paid or payable in settlement, including, without limitation, all interest, assessments, and other charges
paid or payable in connection with or in respect of any of the foregoing. 

(j)
 Person means any individual, entity, or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(k)
 Standard of Conduct means the standard for conduct by Indemnitee that is a condition precedent to indemnification
of Indemnitee hereunder against Indemnifiable Losses relating to, arising out of, or resulting from an Indemnifiable Claim. The Standard
of Conduct is (i) good faith and a reasonable belief by Indemnitee that his action was in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful, or (ii) any other applicable standard of conduct that may hereafter be substituted under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

2.
 Indemnification Obligation . Subject only to Section 7 and to the proviso in this Section, the Company shall indemnify, defend
and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware in effect on the date hereof or as
such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Indemnifiable
Claims and Indemnifiable Losses; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 5, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Agreement in connection with (i) any Claim initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of
the Company unless the Company has joined in or consented to the initiation of such Claim or the Claim relates to or arises from the
enforcement or prosecution of a right to indemnification under this Agreement, or (ii) the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities
in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Nothing herein is intended to limit the scope of permitted
indemnification to Indemnitee under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

3.
 Advancement of Expenses . Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company, prior to the final disposition of any
Indemnifiable Claim, of any and all actual and reasonable Expenses relating to, arising out of, or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim
paid or incurred by Indemnitee. Without limiting the generality or effect of any other provision hereof, Indemnitee s right to
such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any Standard of Conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing,
within ten business days after any request by Indemnitee that is accompanied by supporting documentation for specific reasonable Expenses
to be reimbursed or advanced, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (a) pay such Expenses on
behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such
Expenses; provided that Indemnitee shall repay, without interest, any amounts actually advanced to Indemnitee that, at the final disposition
of the Indemnifiable Claim to which the advance related, were in excess of amounts paid or payable by Indemnitee in respect of Expenses
relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Indemnifiable Claim. In connection with any such payment, advancement, or reimbursement,
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall execute and deliver to the Company an undertaking, which need not be secured and shall
be accepted without reference to Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses, by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay any amounts
paid, advanced, or reimbursed by the Company in respect of Expenses relating to, arising out of, or resulting from any Indemnifiable
Claim in respect of which it shall have been determined, following the final disposition of such Indemnifiable Claim and in accordance
with Section 7 , that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. 

3 

4.
 Indemnification for Additional Expenses . Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, the Company shall indemnify
and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within
ten business days of such request accompanied by supporting documentation for specific Expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, any and
all actual and reasonable Expenses paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Claim made, instituted, or conducted by Indemnitee
for (a) indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under
any other agreement or provision of the Constituent Documents now or hereafter in effect relating to Indemnifiable Claims, and/or (b)
recovery under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company; provided, however, if
it is ultimately determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to such indemnification, reimbursement, advance or insurance recovery,
as the case may be, then the Indemnitee shall be obligated to repay any such Expenses to the Company; provided further, that, regardless
in each case of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, reimbursement, advance, or insurance
recovery, as the case may be, Indemnitee shall return, without interest, any such advance of Expenses (or portion thereof) which remains
unspent at the final disposition of the Claim to which the advance related. 

5.
 Partial Indemnity . If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some
or a portion of any Indemnifiable Loss but not for the entire amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for
the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

6.
 Procedure for Notification . To obtain indemnification under this Agreement in respect of an Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable
Loss, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefore, including a brief description (based upon information then
available to Indemnitee) of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss. If, at the time of the receipt of such request, the Company
has directors and officers liability insurance in effect under which coverage for such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable
Loss is potentially available, the Company shall give prompt written notice of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss to the
applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary
or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all Indemnifiable Claims and Indemnifiable Losses in
accordance with the terms of such policies. The Company shall provide to Indemnitee a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable
insurers, substantially concurrently with the delivery thereof by the Company. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company
of any Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss shall not relieve the Company from any liability hereunder unless, and only to the extent
that, the Company did not otherwise learn of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss and to the extent that such failure results
in forfeiture by the Company of substantial defenses, rights, or insurance coverage. 

7.
 Determination of Right to Indemnification . 

(a)
To the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Indemnifiable Claim or any portion
thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including, without limitation, dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified against all Indemnifiable Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Indemnifiable Claim in accordance with
Section 2 and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 7(b)) shall be required. 

(b)
To the extent that the provisions of Section 7(a) are inapplicable to an Indemnifiable Claim that shall have been finally disposed of,
any determination required to be made under the laws of the State of Delaware as to whether Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable Standard
of Conduct (a Standard of Conduct Determination shall be made as follows: (i) if a Change in Control shall
not have occurred, or if a Change in Control shall have occurred but Indemnitee shall have requested that the Standard of Conduct Determination
be made pursuant to this clause (i), (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board,
(B) if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by a majority vote of a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority
vote of all Disinterested Directors, or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if a majority of the Disinterested Directors
so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; and
(ii) if a Change in Control shall have occurred and Indemnitee shall not have requested that the Standard of Conduct Determination be
made pursuant to clause (i) above, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered
to Indemnitee. 

4 

(c)
If (i) Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification hereunder against any Indemnifiable Losses pursuant to Section 7(a), (ii) no determination
of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under Delaware law is a legally required condition precedent to
indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against any Indemnifiable Losses, or (iii) Indemnitee has been determined or deemed pursuant
to Section 7(b) to have satisfied the applicable Standard of Conduct, then the Company shall pay to Indemnitee, within ten business days
after the later of (x) the notification date in respect of the Indemnifiable Claim or portion thereof to which such Indemnifiable Losses
are related, out of which such Indemnifiable Losses arose or from which such Indemnifiable Losses resulted, and (y) the earliest date
on which the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall have been satisfied, an amount equal to the amount
of such Indemnifiable Losses. Nothing herein is intended to mean or imply that the Company is intending to use the Delaware General Corporations
Law to dispense with a requirement that Indemnitee meet the applicable Standard of Conduct where it is otherwise required by such statute. 

(d)
If a Standard of Conduct Determination is required to be, but has not been, made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b)(i),
the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board or a committee of the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Standard of Conduct Determination is required to be,
or to have been, made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b)(ii), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, and
Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case,
Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within ten business days after receiving written notice of selection from the other, deliver
to the other a written objection to such selection ; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground
that the Independent Counsel so selected does not satisfy the criteria set forth in the definition of Independent Counsel 
in Section 1(h), and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely
objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated,
(i) the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court
has determined that such objection is without merit and (ii) the non-objecting party may, at its option, select an alternative Independent
Counsel and give written notice to the other party advising such other party of the identity of the alternative Independent Counsel so
selected, in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences and clause (i) of this sentence shall apply to such
subsequent selection and notice. If applicable, the provisions of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to successive
alternative selections. If no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(d) to make the Standard
of Conduct Determination shall have been selected within 30 calendar days after the Company gives its initial notice pursuant to the
first sentence of this Section 7(d) or Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to the second sentence of this Section 7(d), as the
case may be, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the courts of the State of Delaware for resolution of any objection which
shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person or firm selected by such court or by such other person as such Court shall designate, and the person
or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all
events, the Company shall pay all of the actual and reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with
the Independent Counsel s determination pursuant to Section 7(b). 

8.
 Cooperation . Indemnitee shall cooperate with reasonable requests of the Company in connection with any Indemnifiable Claim and
any individual or firm making such Standard of Conduct Determination, including providing to such Person documentation or information
which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary
to defend the Indemnifiable Claim or make any Standard of Conduct Determination without incurring any unreimbursed cost in connection
therewith. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee
for, or advance to Indemnitee, within ten business days of such request accompanied by supporting documentation for specific costs and
expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys and experts fees
and expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person defending the Indemnifiable Claim or making
such Standard of Conduct Determination. 

5 

9.
 Presumption of Entitlement . Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, in making any Standard of Conduct Determination, the Person
making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable Standard of Conduct. 

10.
 No Other Presumption . For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with
or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee
did not meet any applicable Standard of Conduct or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted. 

11.
 Non-Exclusivity . The rights of Indemnitee hereunder will be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent
Documents, or the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, any other contract or otherwise (collectively, Other Indemnity
Provisions ); provided, however, that (a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any greater right to indemnification
under any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee will without further action be deemed to have such greater right hereunder, and (b) to
the extent that any change is made to any Other Indemnity Provision which permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided
under this Agreement as of the date hereof, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder. The Company may not, without
the consent of Indemnitee, adopt any amendment to any of the Constituent Documents the effect of which would be to deny, diminish, or
encumber Indemnitee s right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

12.
 Liability Insurance and Funding . For the duration of Indemnitee s service as a director of the Company and for a reasonable
period of time thereafter, which such period shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion but shall in no event be less
than two (2) years, the Company shall cause to be maintained in effect policies of directors and officers liability insurance
providing coverage for directors and/or officers of the Company, that is substantially comparable in scope and amount to that provided
by the Company s current policies of directors and officers liability insurance. Upon reasonable request, the Company
shall provide Indemnitee or his or her counsel with a copy of all directors and officers liability insurance applications,
binders, policies, declarations, endorsements, and other related materials. In all policies of directors and officers liability
insurance obtained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights
and benefits, subject to the same limitations, as are accorded to the Company s directors and officers most favorably insured by
such policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, but shall not be required to, create a trust fund, grant a security interest,
or use other means, including, without limitation, a letter of credit, to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to satisfy
its obligations to indemnify and advance expenses pursuant to this Agreement. The Company understands and acknowledges that the Director
may resign from all positions with the Company if it fails to timely implement, or to thereafter maintain in place, such increased coverages. 

13.
 Subrogation . In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all
of the related rights of recovery of Indemnitee against other Persons (other than Indemnitee s successors), including any entity
or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of the definition of Indemnifiable Claim in Section 1(f). Indemnitee shall execute
all papers reasonably required to evidence such rights (all of Indemnitee s reasonable Expenses, including reasonable attorneys 
fees and charges, related thereto to be reimbursed by or, at the option of Indemnitee, advanced by the Company). 

14.
 No Duplication of Payments . 

(a)
The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable Losses to the
extent Indemnitee has otherwise already actually received payment (net of Expenses incurred in connection therewith) under any insurance
policy, the Constituent Documents and Other Indemnity Provisions or otherwise (including from any entity or enterprise referred to in
clause (i) of the definition of Indemnifiable Claim in Section 1(f)) in respect of such Indemnifiable Losses otherwise
indemnifiable hereunder. 

6 

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 14(a) above, the Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain
rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses, and/or insurance provided by one or more venture capital funds, the general partners,
managing members, or other control persons and/or any affiliated management companies of such venture capital funds, and certain of its
or their affiliates (collectively, the Fund Indemnitors ). The Company hereby agrees that in connection with
any Indemnifiable Claim, (i) it is the indemnitor of first resort i.e. , its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation
of the Fund Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by Indemnitee
are secondary), (ii) it shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full
amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines, and amounts paid in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by
the terms of this Agreement and the Company s Constituent Documents (or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee),
without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against the Fund Indemnitors, and, (iii) it irrevocably waives, relinquishes, and releases
the Fund Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Fund Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any
kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Fund Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee with
respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Fund Indemnitors
shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Fund Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of
the terms of this Section 14(b). 

15.
 Defense of Claims . Subject to the provisions of applicable policies of directors and officers liability insurance,
if any, the Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Indemnifiable Claim or to assume or lead the defense thereof
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee; provided that if Indemnitee determines, after consultation with counsel selected
by Indemnitee, that (a) the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent Indemnitee would present such counsel with an actual or
potential conflict, (b) the named parties in any such Indemnifiable Claim (including any impleaded parties) include both the Company
and Indemnitee, and Indemnitee shall conclude that there may be one or more legal defenses available to him or her that are different
from or in addition to those available to the Company, (c) any such representation by such counsel would be precluded under the applicable
standards of professional conduct then prevailing, or (d) Indemnitee has interests in the claim or underlying subject matter that are
different from or in addition to those of other Persons against whom the Claim has been made or might reasonably be expected to be made,
then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect
of any particular Indemnifiable Claim for all indemnitees in Indemnitee s circumstances) at the Company s expense. The Company
shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Indemnifiable
Claim effected without the Company s prior written consent. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee,
effect any settlement of any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Claim to which the Indemnitee is or could have been a party unless such
settlement solely involves the payment of money and includes a complete and unconditional release of the Indemnitee from all liability
on any claims that are the subject matter of such Indemnifiable Claim. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold
its consent to any proposed settlement; provided that Indemnitee may withhold consent to any settlement that does not provide a complete
and unconditional release of Indemnitee. 

16.
 Mutual Acknowledgment . Both the Company and the Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public
policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands
and acknowledges that the Company may be required in the future to undertake to the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the
question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Company s right under public policy
to indemnify Indemnitee and, in that event, the Indemnitee s rights and the Company s obligations hereunder shall be subject
to that determination. 

17.
 Successors and Binding Agreement . 

(a)
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor to the Company, including, without limitation,
any Person acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company whether by purchase, merger,
consolidation, reorganization, or otherwise (and such successor will thereafter be deemed the Company for purposes of this
Agreement), but shall not otherwise be assignable or delegable by the Company. 

(b)
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Indemnitee s personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, heirs, distributees, legatees, and other successors. 

(c)
This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or delegate this
Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in Sections 17(a) and 17(b). Without limiting the generality
or effect of the foregoing, Indemnitee s right to receive payments hereunder shall not be assignable, whether by pledge, creation
of a security interest, or otherwise, other than by a transfer by the Indemnitee s will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
and, in the event of any attempted assignment or transfer contrary to this Section 17(c), the Company shall have no liability to pay
any amount so attempted to be assigned or transferred. 

7 

18.
 Notices . For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation notices, consents, requests, or
approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when hand delivered,
email with read receipt (legal@lifemd.com), or dispatched by electronic facsimile transmission (with receipt thereof orally confirmed),
or one business day after having been sent for next-day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the
Company (to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company) and to Indemnitee at the applicable address shown on the signature page
hereto, or to such other address as any party hereto may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that
notices of changes of address will be effective only upon receipt. 

19.
 Governing Law . The validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such
State. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware for all
purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which arises out of or relates to this Agreement, waive all procedural objections
to suit in that jurisdiction, including, without limitation, objections as to venue or inconvenience, agree that service in any such
action may be made by notice given in accordance with Section 18 and also agree that any action instituted under this Agreement shall
be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware. 

20.
 Dispute Resolution . In the event of any dispute arising under or pursuant to this Agreement, the parties agree to attempt to resolve
the dispute in a commercially reasonable fashion before instituting any litigation (with the exception of emergency injunctive relief).
If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days, then the parties agree to mediate the dispute with a mutually
agreed upon mediator in New York, NY. If the parties cannot agree upon a mediator within ten (10) days after either party shall first
request commencement of mediation, each party will select a mediator within five (5) days thereof, and those mediators shall select the
mediator to be used. The mediation shall be scheduled within thirty (30) days following the selection of the mediator. The parties further
agree that any applicable statute of limitations will be tolled for the period of time from the date mediation is requested until 14
days following the mediation. If the mediation does not resolve the dispute, then the parties irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree
that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought in the Chancery Court of the State
of Delaware (the Delaware Court ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or
any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action
or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding
brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

20.
 Validity . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any Person or circumstance is held
invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to any other Person
or circumstance shall not be affected, and the provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise illegal shall be reformed
to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to make it enforceable, valid, or legal. In the event that any court or other adjudicative
body shall decline to reform any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise illegal as contemplated
by the immediately preceding sentence, the parties hereto shall take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to replace the
provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise illegal with one or more alternative provisions that effectuate the purpose
and intent of the original provisions of this Agreement as fully as possible without being invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise illegal. 

21.
 Miscellaneous . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge
is agreed to in writing signed by Indemnitee and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other
party hereto or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver
of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral
or otherwise, expressed or implied with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party hereto that is not set forth
expressly in this Agreement. 

8 

22.
 Certain Interpretive Matters . Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (1) it or its 
or words of any gender include each other gender, (2) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number,
respectively, (3) the terms hereof, herein, hereby and derivative or similar words refer to
this entire Agreement, (4) the terms Article, Section, Annex or Exhibit refer
to the specified Article, Section, Annex, or Exhibit of or to this Agreement, (5) the terms include, includes 
and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (whether or not so expressed),
and (6) the word or is disjunctive but not exclusive. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number will
refer to calendar days unless business days are specified and whenever action must be taken (including the giving of notice or the delivery
of documents) under this Agreement during a certain period of time or by a particular date that ends or occurs on a non-business day,
then such period or date will be extended until the immediately following business day. As used herein, business day 
 means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or a United States federal holiday. 

23.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Any prior agreements or understandings
between the parties hereto with respect to indemnification are hereby terminated and of no further force or effect. This Agreement is
not the exclusive means of securing indemnification rights of Indemnitee and is in addition to any rights Indemnitee may have under any
Constituent Documents or Delaware Law. 

24.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

25.
 Duration of Agreement . This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) six years after the date that
the Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director, officer, employee, agent, or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise which the Indemnitee served at the request of the Company;
(b) the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitations pertaining to any and all potential proceedings covered by the indemnification
provided for herein; or (c) the final termination of all pending proceedings in respect of which the Indemnitee is granted rights of
indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by the Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement relating
thereto. 

[-Signature
Page Follows-] 

9 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitee has executed, and the Company has caused its duly authorized representative to execute this Agreement as
of the date first above written. 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

By:

Justin
 Schreiber 

Chief
 Executive Officer Chairman Of The Board 

INDEMNITEE : 

By: 
 /s/
 Jessica Friedeman 

Jessica
 Friedeman, Chief Marketing Officer 

[Signature
Page To Director And Officer Indemnification Agreement] 

10 

</EX-10.84>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of LifeMD, Inc. 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 WorkSimpli
 Software LLC 
 
 Puerto
 Rico 
 
 Conversion
 Labs PR LLC 
 
 Puerto
 Rico 
 
 Cleared
 Technologies, PBC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Springbox
 Technologies LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Taylor
 Technologies Inc 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of LifeMD, Inc. (the Company on Forms S- 1
(File Nos. 333-255586 and 333-250985), Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255586), Post-Effective
Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-250985) and Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-256911 and 333-258143) of LifeMD, Inc. of our report dated March 22, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of LifeMD, Inc. as of
December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeMD,
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

Marlton,
 New Jersey 

March
 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 9
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of LifeMD, Inc. (the Company on Forms S- 1
(File Nos. 333-255586 and 333-250985), Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255586), Post-Effective
Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-250985) and Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-256911 and 333-258143) of
our report dated March 7, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of LifeMD, Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which report is included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of LifeMD, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. We were dismissed as auditors on September 1, 2022 and,
accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements incorporated by reference
for the periods after the date of our dismissal. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

Friedman
 llp 

 Marlton,
New Jersey 

 March
22, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CEO
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Justin Schreiber, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeMD, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Justin Schreiber 

Name: 
 Justin
 Schreiber 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CFO
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Marc Benathen, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeMD, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Marc Benathen 

Name: 
 Marc
 Benathen 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeMD, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the
date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Justin Schreiber 

Name: 
 Justin
 Schreiber 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

LIFEMD,
INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeMD, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the
date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Marc Benathen 

Name: 
 Marc
 Benathen 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 95
 lfmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 97
 lfmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 98
 lfmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 99
 lfmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

