<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1544206_0001544206-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>71361488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>483739</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4133124</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>29124179</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>13941701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>22988834</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001544206-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227170406
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001544206-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544206
		IRS NUMBER:				454727439
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00995
		FILM NUMBER:		23676356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, SUITE 3400
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 813-4900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, SUITE 3400
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TCG BDC, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170315

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001544206-23-000010.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 csl-20221231.htm
 10-K

csl-20221231 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 x 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock at June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of the common stock on that date of 12.70 on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, held by those persons deemed by the registrant to be non-affiliates was approximately . 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding at February 24, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 INDEX 
 
 Part I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 Item 2. Properties 
 53 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 56 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 
 Item 9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 159 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 159 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 159 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 160 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 161 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 161 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 161 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 161 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 161 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 162 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 We have included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, and from time to time our management may make, forward-looking statements . These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but instead relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, we, us, our, CSL or the Company ). These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current or prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including statements concerning: 
 our, or our portfolio companies , future business, operations, operating results or prospects, including our and their ability to achieve our respective objectives, including as a result of large scale global events such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the return or impact of current and future investments; 
 the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 the impact of any protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on our business, including from the discontinuation of LIBOR and the implementation of alternatives to LIBOR; 
 the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 
 the impact of supply chain constraints on our portfolio companies and the global economy; 
 the current inflationary environment, and its impact on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 
 the impact on our business of changes in laws, policies or regulations (including the interpretation thereof) affecting our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 our ability to recover unrealized losses; 
 market conditions and our ability to access alternative debt markets and additional debt and equity capital; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 uncertainty surrounding the financial stability of the United States, Europe and China; 
 uncertainty surrounding Russia s military invasion of Ukraine and the impact of geopolitical tensions, such as between China and the United States; 
 competition with other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities; 
 the speculative and illiquid nature of our investments; 
 the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 
 our expected financings and investments; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 the ability to consummate acquisitions; 
 the ability of Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., our investment adviser (the Investment Adviser ), to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 currency fluctuations and the adverse effect such fluctuations could have on the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; 
 the impact of information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; 
 the ability of The Carlyle Group Employee Co., L.L.C. to attract and retain highly talented professionals that can provide services to our investment adviser and administrator; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to maintain our status as a business development company; and 
 our intent to satisfy the requirements of a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may, plans, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Our actual results and condition could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this Form 10-K, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 In this annual report, except where the context suggests otherwise: 
 the terms we, us, our, Company and CSL refer to Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (formerly TCG BDC, Inc.), a Maryland corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 the term SPV refers to TCG BDC SPV LLC, a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary; 
 the term 2015-1 Issuer refers to Carlyle Direct Lending CLO 2015-1R LLC (formerly known as Carlyle GMS Finance MM CLO 2015-1 LLC), a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary; 
 the term Carlyle refers to The Carlyle Group Inc. (formerly known as The Carlyle Group L.P.) (NASDAQ: CG) and its affiliates and its consolidated subsidiaries (other than portfolio companies of its affiliated funds); 
 the term CDL refers to the Carlyle Direct Lending platform, which is Carlyle s direct lending business unit that operates within the broader Carlyle Global Credit segment; 
 the terms CGCA and Administrator refer to Carlyle Global Credit Administration L.L.C., our administrator, a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary of Carlyle; 
 the terms CGCIM and Investment Adviser refer to Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and an investment adviser registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act and a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary of Carlyle, which serves as our investment adviser; 
 the term Credit Fund refers to Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, an unconsolidated limited liability company, in which we own a 50 economic interest and co-manage with Credit Partners USA LLC, and its wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary; 
 the term Credit Fund II refers to Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, an unconsolidated limited liability company, in which we own an 84.13 economic interest and co-manage with Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund ("CCLF"), and its wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary; and 
 references to this Form 10-K are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., a Maryland corporation, is a specialty finance company that is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act ). For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). We were formed in February 2012, commenced investment operations in May 2013 and began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, under the symbol CGBD, upon completion of our initial public offering in June 2017. Our principal executive offices are located at One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400, New York, New York 10017. 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through assembling a portfolio of secured debt investments in U.S. middle market companies. Our core investment strategy focuses on lending to U.S. middle market companies, which we define as companies with approximately 25 million to 100 million of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), supported by financial sponsors. This core strategy is opportunistically supplemented with differentiated and complementary lending and investing strategies, which take advantage of the broad capabilities of Carlyle's Global Credit platform while offering risk-diversifying portfolio benefits. We seek to achieve our investment objective primarily through direct origination of secured debt instruments, including first lien senior secured loans (which may include stand-alone first lien loans, first lien/last out loans and unitranche loans) and second lien senior secured loans (collectively, Middle Market Senior Loans ), with a minority of our assets invested in higher yielding investments (which may include unsecured debt, subordinated debt and investments in equities). 
 We invest primarily in loans to middle market companies whose debt has been rated below investment grade, or would likely be rated below investment grade if such debt was rated. These securities, which are often referred to as junk, have 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments Our investments are risky and speculative. 
 Our investment approach is focused on capital preservation based on long-term fundamental credit performance. Our Investment Adviser s investment team utilizes a rigorous, systematic, and consistent investment process, refined over Carlyle s 35-year history investing in private markets across multiple cycles, designed to achieve enhanced risk-adjusted returns. In conducting our investment activities, we believe that we benefit from the significant scale and resources of Carlyle, including our Investment Adviser and its affiliates. 
 Our Investment Adviser 
 CGCIM, our Investment Adviser, manages our investment activities, including sourcing potential investments, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments on an ongoing basis. 
 Our Investment Adviser is part of Carlyle s Global Credit segment, and benefits from the more than 230 experienced investment professionals across the origination, capital markets, underwriting and portfolio management teams. Our Investment Adviser s investment committee that oversees our investment activities comprises several of the most senior credit professionals within the Global Credit segment, with backgrounds and expertise across multiple asset classes with significant industry experience and tenure. The investment committee is responsible for reviewing and approving our investment opportunities. The members of the investment committee have experience investing through different credit cycles. The investment committee is led by Mark Jenkins, a Managing Director and Head of Global Credit at Carlyle. 
 Our Investment Adviser also serves, and may in the future serve, as investment adviser to other existing and future affiliated BDCs that have investment objectives similar to our investment objectives. 
 On April 3, 2013, the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act (the Independent Directors ), approved an investment advisory agreement (the Original Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Investment Adviser in accordance with, and on the basis of an evaluation satisfactory to such directors as required by, Section 15(c) of the Investment Company Act. 
 The Original Investment Advisory Agreement was amended on September 15, 2017 (as amended, the First Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement after the approval of the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, at an in-person meeting of the Board of Directors held on May 30, 2017 and the approval of the Company s stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held on September 15, 2017 and August 6, 2018 (as amended, the Investment Advisory Agreement ). Unless terminated earlier, the Investment Advisory Agreement renews automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the vote of the Board of Directors and by the vote of a majority of the Independent Directors. On May 9, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, approved at an in-person meeting the continuance of the Company s Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser for an additional one year term. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of an assignment and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon at least 60 days written notice to the other party. Subject to the overall supervision of the Board of Directors, the Adviser provides investment advisory services to the Company. For providing these services, the Adviser receives fees from the Company consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. 
 Our base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters; provided, however, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.00 of the Company s gross assets as of the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters that exceeds the product of (A) 200 and (B) the average value of the Company s net asset value at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. Gross assets is determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, includes assets acquired through the incurrence of debt (see Note 7, Borrowings, and Note 8, Notes Payable, to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K), and excludes cash and any temporary investments in cash-equivalents. For purposes of this calculation, cash and cash equivalent includes U.S. government securities and other high-quality investment grade debt investments that mature in 12 months or less from the date of investment. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, will be appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during such the applicable fiscal quarters, and will be appropriately pro-rated for any partial month or quarter. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The incentive fee has two parts. The first part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. The second part is determined and payable in arrears based on capital gains as of the end of each calendar year. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of 1.50 per quarter (6 annualized) or a catch-up rate of 1.82 per quarter (7.28 annualized), as applicable. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company pays its Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to its pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 no incentive fee based on pre-incentive fee net investment income in any calendar quarter in which its pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.50 ; 
 100 of pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.82 in any calendar quarter (7.28 annualized). The Company refers to this portion of the pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.82 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with approximately 17.5 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.82 in any calendar quarter; and 
 17.5 of the amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.82 in any calendar quarter (7.28 annualized) will be payable to the Investment Adviser. This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 17.5 of all pre-incentive fee investment income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser. 
 The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 17.5 of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the date of determination, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees, provided that, the incentive fee determined at the end of the first calendar year of operations may be calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation. 
 Our Administrator 
 On April 3, 2013, the Company s Board of Directors approved an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement between the Company and CGCA, a Delaware limited liability company, (the Administrator ). Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides services and receives reimbursements equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for its costs and expenses and the Company s allocable portion of overhead incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the Company s allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by the Company s officers (including the Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer) and respective staff who provide services to the Company, operations staff who provide services to the Company, and any internal audit staff, to the extent internal audit performs a role in the Company s Sarbanes-Oxley Act internal control assessment. Reimbursement under the Administration Agreement occurs quarterly in arrears. 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Administration Agreement renews automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board of Directors or by a majority vote of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Directors. On 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 May 9, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, approved the continuance of the Administration Agreement for a one year period. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon at least 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 On April 3, 2013, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement with Carlyle Employee Co. (the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement ). Pursuant to the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement, Carlyle Employee Co. provides the Administrator ), provides our Administrator with access to Carlyle s finance, operations, legal, compliance and administrative professionals.. 
 On April 3, 2013, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company State Street ), which was amended on March 11, 2015 (as amended, the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement and, together with the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement, the Sub-Administration Agreements ). Pursuant to the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement, State Street provides certain administrative and professional services. State Street also serves as our custodian Unless terminated earlier, the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement renews automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board of Directors or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Directors. On May 9, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, approved the continuance of the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement for a one year period. The State Street Sub-Administration Agreement may be terminated upon at least 60 days written notice and without penalty by the vote of a majority of the outstanding securities of the Company, or by the vote of the Board of Directors or by either party to the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement. 
 Carlyle 
 Our Investment Adviser and Administrator are affiliates of Carlyle. Carlyle is a global investment firm with deep industry expertise that deploys private capital across three business segments: Global Private Equity, Global Credit and Global Investment Solutions. With 373 billion of assets under management AUM as of December 31, 2022, Carlyle s teams invest across a range of strategies that leverage its deep industry expertise, local insights, and global resources to deliver attractive returns throughout an investment cycle. Carlyle employs nearly 2,100 employees, including more than 770 investment professionals in 29 offices across five continents, and serves more than 2,900 active carry fund investors from 88 countries. 
 Carlyle s Global Credit segment, which had 146.3 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022, advises products that pursue investment strategies across the credit spectrum, including: liquid credit, illiquid credit, and real assets credit, as well as platform initiatives such as Carlyle Tactical Private Credit Fund CTAC, or the Interval Fund ). Global Credit, which also includes Carlyle s Insurance Solutions and Global Capital Markets businesses, has been Carlyle s fastest-growing segment in the past four years, with total AUM nearly doubling in 2022 alone. Since the establishment of Global Credit in 1999, these various capital sources provide the opportunity for Carlyle to offer highly customizable and creative financing solutions to borrowers to meet their specific capital needs. Carlyle draws on the expertise and underwriting capabilities of 233 investment professionals dedicated to the Global Credit segment and leverages the resources and industry expertise of Carlyle s global network to provide creative solutions for borrowers. 
 Primary areas of focus for Carlyle s Global Credit segment include: 
 Liquid Credit 
 Loans and Structured Credit. The structured credit funds invest primarily in performing senior secured bank loans through collateralized loan obligations CLOs and other investment vehicles. In 2022, in addition to the acquisition of the management contracts for the CBAM CLO portfolio, Carlyle closed six new U.S. CLOs and three CLOs in Europe with an aggregate size of 2.7 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Carlyle s loans and structured credit team advised structured credit funds totaling approximately 50.4 billion in AUM. 
 Illiquid Credit 
 Direct Lending. Carlyle s direct lending business includes Carlyle s BDCs that invest primarily in middle market first-lien loans (which include unitranche, first out and last out loans) and second-lien loans of middle-market companies, typically defined as companies with annual EBITDA ranging from 25 million to 100 million, that lack access to the broadly syndicated loan and bond markets. As of December 31, 2022, Carlyle s direct lending investment team advised AUM totaling approximately 9.4 billion. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Opportunistic Credit. Carlyle s opportunistic credit team invests primarily in highly-structured and privately-negotiated capital solutions supporting corporate borrowers through secured loans, senior subordinated debt, mezzanine debt, convertible notes, and other debt-like instruments, as well as preferred and common equity. The team will also look to invest in real estate and special situations (i.e., event-driven opportunities that exhibit hybrid credit and equity features) as well as market dislocations (i.e., primary and secondary market investments in liquid debt instruments that arise as a result of temporary market volatility). In certain investments, our funds may seek to restructure pre-reorganization debt claims into controlling positions in the equtiy of the reorganized companies. As of December 31, 2022, Carlyle s opportunistic credit team advised products totaling approximately 12.8 billion in AUM. 
 Real Assets Credit 
 Aircraft Finance. Carlyle Aviation Partners is Carlyle's multi-strategy investment platform that is engaged in commercial aviation aircraft financing and investment throughout commercial aviation industry. As of December 31, 2022, Carlyle Aviation Partners had approximately 11.5 billion in AUM across active carry funds, securitization vehicles, liquid strategies, and other vehicles. 
 Infrastructure Debt. Carlyle s Infrastructure debt team invests primarily in directly originated and privately negotiated debt instruments related to global infrastructure projects, primarily in the power, energy, transportation, water/waste, telecommunications and social infrastructure sectors. The team focuses primarily on senior, subordinated, and mezzanine debt and seeks to invest primarily in developed markets within the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD ). As of December 31, 2022, Carlyle s infrastructure debt team managed approximately 3.7 billion in AUM. 
 Other Credit 
 Platform Initiatives. Carlyle s platform initiatives include CTAC, its closed-end interval fund which invests across Carlyle s entire credit platform, as well as cross-platform separately managed accounts which are tailored to invest across Carlyle s credit platform based on the specific needs of individual investors. These products also include structured solutions which focus on private, primarily investment-grade investments, backed by assets with contractual cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the Global Credit platform initiatives represented 6.1 billion in AUM. 
 Insurance Solutions. Carlyle Insurance Solutions CIS combines Carlyle s deep insurance expertise with portfolio construction capabilities, capital sourcing and asset origination strengths to provide comprehensive liability funding/reinsurance, asset management and advisory solutions for (re)insurance companies and fund investors. The CIS team oversees Carlyle s investment in Fortitude Re, as well as the strategic advisory services agreement with certain subsidiaries of Fortitude Re. As of December 31, 2022, AUM related to capital raised from third-party investors to acquire a controlling interest in Fortitude Re was 5.7 billion. As of December 31, 2022, AUM related to the strategic advisory services agreement was 45.2 billion, including the net asset value of investments in Carlyle products, which is also reflected in the AUM and fee-earning AUM of the strategy in which they are invested. Fortitude Re and certain Fortitude Re reinsurance counterparties have committed approximately 9.2 billion of capital to-date to various Carlyle strategies. 
 Global Capital Markets. Carlyle Global Capital Markets GCM is a loan syndication and capital markets business that launched in 2018. The primary focus of GCM is to arrange, place, underwrite, originate and syndicate loans and underwrite securities of third parties and Carlyle portfolio companies through TCG Capital Markets L.L.C. and TCG Senior Funding L.L.C.. TCG Capital Markets L.L.C. is a FINRA registered broker dealer. GCM may also act as the initial purchaser of such loans and securities. GCM receives fees, including underwriting, placement, structuring, transaction and syndication fees, commissions, underwriting and original issue discounts, interest payments and other compensation, which may be payable in cash or securities or loans, in respect of the activities described above and may elect to waive such fees. 
 
 Strategic Relationships 
 We have established, and may in the future establish, strategic relationships that may diversify our product offering, increase our scale, enhance our origination capabilities or provide other benefits. To this end, in February 2016, we and Credit Partners USA LLC Credit Partners ), a wholly owned subsidiary of PSP Investments Holding USA LLC, an affiliate of a large Canadian pension fund, agreed to co-invest through Credit Fund, a joint venture primarily focused on investing in first lien loans to middle market companies. Since its inception and through December 31, 2022, Credit Fund has invested in over 3.2 billion (before any repayments or exits) of senior secured loans. We and Credit Partners each have 50 economic 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ownership of Credit Fund and have commitments to fund, from time to time, capital of up to 250 million each. Additionally, in November 2020, we and Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund CCLF ), an investment vehicle managed by Cliffwater LLC, agreed to co-invest through Credit Fund II, a joint venture primarily focused on investing in senior secured loans of middle market companies. Since its inception and through December 31, 2022, Credit Fund II has invested in over 490.9 million (before any repayments or exits) of senior secured loans, including the initial portfolio of senior secured loans contributed by CSL. We and CCLF have 84.13 and 15.87 ownership in Credit Fund II, respectively. 
 
 Board of Directors 
 The Company s Board of Directors currently consists of seven members, four of whom are Independent Directors. The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and a Compensation Committee, and may establish additional committees in the future. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Carlyle Global Credit s key competitive strengths are based on Carlyle s integrated platform with a breadth of capabilities, scale of capital and depth of expertise which Carlyle believes allows it to mitigate competition and thereby improve our ability to deliver on the expectations of shareholders. We believe the following characteristics distinguish Carlyle s capabilities in private credit: 
 Proven Direct Origination Approach . Carlyle Direct Lending s business directly originates nearly 100 of its investments, sourced from both the dedicated direct lending origination team as well as from the many adjacent capabilities across the Carlyle Global Credit platform. This origination approach has resulted in a strong and diversified flow of opportunities, approximately 1,500 per annum, from which Carlyle believes it can select investments with the best potential risk/reward characteristics. 
 Breadth of Capabilities . Carlyle believes it has one of the broadest credit investment capabilities in the market today. As a global private credit platform, Carlyle has the ability to invest across the capital structure in first lien, unitranche, second lien, junior debt and preferred equity. Carlyle Global Credit can potentially serve as a one-stop shop, providing creative and holistic solutions for borrowers across the capital structure, which allows it to pursue investment opportunities with limited competition. 
 Scale of Capital. With 146.3 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2022 across its platform, Carlyle Global Credit maintains a significant capital base that can provide a full capital solution, delivering certainty of execution for borrowers and mitigating opportunities for competitive disintermediation. 
 Depth of Expertise . Carlyle is a market leading global platform with 373 billion of AUM, an experienced and tenured bench of more than 770 investment professionals with well-established, long-standing relationships with sponsors, management teams, and industry experts, as of December 31, 2022. Carlyle believes that it brings differentiated diligence insights and extensive experience to inform credit selection. As a firm, Carlyle seeks to bring the collective power of the global platform with respect to individual investments, including sector credit analysts, Carlyle Private Equity s deep knowledge and relationships with potential customers, suppliers or competitors of a given company, and internal dedicated diligence groups e.g. , government affairs and environment, social and corporate governance ESG )). Carlyle believes this integrated and collaborative approach allows it to move faster and with higher conviction than its competitors in many scenarios. 
 Rigorous Credit Selection. Carlyle employs a robust, iterative and heavily documented underwriting process for its Direct Lending business, which consists of four gates where a credit is reviewed and requires sign-off, including (i) at the point of origination, (ii) by the underwriting team, (iii) by Carlyle Direct Lending s screening committee (the Direct Lending Screening Committee or the Screening Committee and finally (iv) by Carlyle s illiquid credit investment committee at our Investment Adviser that oversees our investment activities Illiquid Credit Investment Committee or Investment Committee ). This rigorous diligence approach has allowed for a less than 3 closing rate on the approximately 1,500 transactions that were reviewed by the deal team over the past 12 months. 
 Defensive Approach. Carlyle approaches the direct lending business with a defensive mindset that permeates all aspects of investment selection. On a strategic level, Carlyle seeks to construct well diversified portfolios, heavily weighted towards non-cyclical industries, and applies only moderate leverage at the portfolio level in order to seek to generate sustainable income levels. In addition, in individual asset selection, Carlyle favors sponsored over non-sponsored borrowers, seeks to transact with sponsors it knows well (approximately 80 of Carlyle Direct 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Lending s business is with repeat sponsors), works with companies it knows well via its significant incumbencies, seeks opportunities at the top of the capital structure, and primarily invests in transactions where Carlyle maintains leadership or roles with significant influence (approximately 90 of originations having a titled role in recent years). 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe the middle market lending environment provides attractive investment opportunities as a result of a combination of the following factors: 
 Favorable Market Environment. We believe the middle market remains one of the most attractive investment areas due to its large size, superior value relative to the broadly syndicated loan market, and supply-demand imbalance that continues to favor non-bank lenders. We believe market yields remain attractive and leverage levels at middle market companies are stable, creating a favorable investment environment. 
 Large and Growing U.S. Middle Market. The middle market direct lending asset class has undergone tremendous growth and maturation over the past decade and is one of the largest sub-segments of private credit, a now 1,400+ billion market. Carlyle believes this growth has been driven by fundamentally sound, secular drivers, including the expansion of private market activity, increased bank regulation and consolidation and structural changes in liquid credit markets, all of which create a significant opportunity for private credit investing. 
 Benefits of Traditional Middle Market Focus. Carlyle believes that there are meaningful benefits to investing in middle market directly originated assets, which allows the strategy to generate excess return as compared to traditional fixed income asset classes, with comparable risk performance. The excess return is generated by prudently taking incremental complexity and illiquidity risk. Traditional middle market companies offer more attractive economics in the form of upfront fees, spreads and prepayment penalties. In addition, senior secured middle market loans typically have strong defensive characteristics and structural protections, including priority in the capital structure and covenants, with a majority of middle market loans structured with financial covenants relative to the broadly syndicated markets. Additional protection may be gained through better credit documentation and control, enhanced management and diligence access, monitoring of assets, and significantly more influence in the instance of a workout scenario. 
 Market Environment Favors Non-Traditional Lenders. The direct lending asset class has also benefited from an ongoing secular trend in the banking industry. Post Great Financial Crisis GFC in 2008, as tougher regulations have reshaped the landscape, traditional banks have reduced their lending capabilities by nearly 50 over the past ten years. As banks have retreated due to a number of new laws, regulations and regulatory guidance, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the federal bank regulatory agencies leveraged lending guidelines and Basel III regulatory capital framework, institutional investors have increased their lending capabilities to fill the void. Post-GFC, institutional investors now originate over 80 of primary leveraged loan issuances in the U.S., generating an incremental capital opportunity for the asset class. 
 Favorable Capital Markets Trends. Over the past two decades, Carlyle has witnessed a secular trend with respect to the shift in economic activity from public to privately owned businesses due to less appetite for public market exposure. The number of public companies in the U.S. has dropped by over 50 from its peak, with a mirror image increase in the rise of private equity-backed companies. Overall public listing activity has declined by approximately two-thirds over the past forty years. These privately owned companies often prefer to finance themselves through the private markets, which has allowed for a natural expansion of the market opportunity for direct lenders on a secular basis for over a decade. Given current market dynamics, Carlyle believes that the asset class will continue to expand. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 10 

Table of Contents 

11 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Portfolio Composition 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our investments was approximately 1,980 million and 1,913 million, respectively, in 134 and 117 portfolio companies/investment funds, respectively. The type, geography and industry 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 composition of our investments, each as a percentage of the fair value of our investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 
 As of December 31, Type of Fair Value 2022 2021 First Lien Debt 68.6 64.4 Second Lien Debt 17.9 Equity Investments 4.0 Investment Funds 13.7 Total 100.0 100.0 
 As of December 31, Type of Fair Value of First and Second Lien Debt 2022 2021 Floating Rate 98.4 Fixed Rate 1.6 Total 100.0 100.0 
 As of December 31, Geography of Fair Value 2022 2021 Australia Canada 2.5 Cyprus 0.4 Italy 0.3 Luxembourg 2.0 Sweden United Kingdom 5.0 United States 89.8 Total 100.0 100.0 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, Industry of Fair Value 2022 2021 Aerospace Defense 8.7 Automotive 4.9 Beverage Food 4.4 Business Services 5.4 Capital Equipment 3.5 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 3.2 Construction Building 0.6 Consumer Goods: Durable Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 0.3 Consumer Services 1.4 Containers, Packaging Glass 2.7 Diversified Financial Services 5.1 Energy: Oil Gas 2.2 Environmental Industries 3.6 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 12.0 High Tech Industries 7.9 Investment Funds 13.7 Leisure Products Services 5.9 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 0.4 Media: Diversified Production 1.0 Metals Mining 0.1 Retail 2.4 Software 5.5 Sovereign Public Finance 0.7 Telecommunications 4.0 Transportation: Cargo Utilities: Electric Wholesale 0.4 Total 100.0 100.0 
 See the Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on these investments, including a list of companies and type, cost and fair value of investments. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 Our Investment Adviser, its investment professionals, our executive officers and directors, and other current and future principals of our Investment Adviser serve or may serve as investment advisers, officers, directors or principals of entities or investment funds that operate in the same line of business as we do or a related line of business and/or investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements advised by Carlyle. 
 An affiliated investment fund, account or other similar arrangement currently formed or formed in the future and managed by our Investment Adviser or its affiliates may have overlapping investment objectives and strategies with our own and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. This creates potential conflicts in allocating investment opportunities among us and such other investment funds, accounts and similar arrangements, particularly in circumstances where the availability or liquidity of such investment opportunities is limited or where co-investments by us and other funds, accounts or arrangements are not permitted under applicable law, as discussed below. 
 For example, Carlyle sponsors several investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements, including, without limitation, structured credit funds, closed-end registered investment companies, BDCs, carry funds, and managed accounts and 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 structured credit funds it may sponsor in the future. The SEC has granted us exemptive relief that permits us and certain of our affiliates to co-invest in suitable negotiated investments (the Exemptive Relief ). If Carlyle is presented with investment opportunities that generally fall within our investment objective and other board-established criteria and those of other Carlyle funds, accounts or other similar arrangements (including other existing and future affiliated BDCs), whether focused on a debt strategy or otherwise, Carlyle allocates such opportunities among us and such other Carlyle funds, accounts or other similar arrangements in a manner consistent with the Exemptive Relief, our Investment Adviser s allocation policies and procedures and Carlyle s other allocation policies and procedures, where applicable, as discussed below. More specifically, investment opportunities in suitable negotiated investments for investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements managed by our Investment Adviser, and other funds, accounts or similar arrangements managed by affiliated investment advisers that seek to co-invest with us or other Carlyle BDCs, are allocated in accordance with the Exemptive Relief. Investment opportunities for all other investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements not managed by our Investment Adviser are allocated in accordance with their respective investment advisers and Carlyle s other allocation policies and procedures. Such policies and procedures may result in certain investment opportunities that are attractive to us being allocated to other funds that are not managed by our Investment Adviser. Carlyle s, including our Investment Adviser s, allocation policies and procedures are designed to allocate investment opportunities fairly and equitably among its clients over time, taking into account a variety of factors which may include the sourcing of the transaction, the nature of the investment focus of each such other Carlyle fund, accounts or other similar arrangements, each fund s, account s or similar arrangement s desired level of investment, the relative amounts of capital available for investment, the nature and extent of involvement in the transaction on the part of the respective teams of investment professionals, any requirements contained in the limited partnership agreements and other governing agreements of the Carlyle funds, accounts or other similar arrangements and other considerations deemed relevant by Carlyle in good faith, including suitability considerations and reputational matters. The application of these considerations may cause differences in the performance of different Carlyle funds, accounts and similar arrangements that have similar strategies. 
 Because we are a BDC, we are not generally permitted to make loans to companies controlled by Carlyle or other funds managed by Carlyle. 
 We are also not permitted to make any co-investments with clients of our Investment Adviser or its affiliates (including any fund managed by Carlyle) without complying with our Exemptive Relief, subject to certain exceptions, including with respect to our downstream affiliates. Co-investments made under the Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Exemptive Relief, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. We may also co-invest with funds managed by Carlyle or any of its downstream affiliates, subject to compliance with applicable law and regulations, existing regulatory guidance, and our Investment Adviser s and Carlyle s other allocation policies and procedures. 
 While Carlyle and our Investment Adviser seek to implement their respective allocation processes in a fair and equitable manner under the particular circumstances, there can be no assurance that it will result in equivalent allocation of or participation in investment opportunities or equivalent performance of investments allocated to us as compared to the other entities. In some cases, due to information barriers that are in place, we and other Carlyle investment funds, accounts or other similar arrangements may compete with each other for specific investment opportunities without being aware that they are competing with each other. Carlyle has a conflict system in place above these information barriers to identify potential conflicts early in the process and determine if an allocation decision needs to be made or if an investment is precluded. If the conflicts system detects a potential conflict, the legal and compliance departments of Carlyle assess investment opportunities to determine whether a particular investment opportunity is required to be allocated to a particular investment fund, account or other similar arrangement (including us) or is prohibited from being allocated to a particular investment fund, account or similar arrangement. Subject to a determination by the legal and compliance departments (if applicable), portfolio management teams and, as applicable, the Investment Adviser's allocation committees, are then charged with ensuring that investment opportunities are allocated to the appropriate investment fund, account or similar arrangement in accordance with our Investment Adviser's allocation policies and procedures. In addition, in some cases Carlyle and our Investment Adviser may make investment recommendations to investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements where the investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements make the investment independently of Carlyle and our Investment Adviser. As a result, there are circumstances where investments appropriate for us are instead allocated, in whole or in part, to such other investment funds, accounts or other similar arrangements irrespective of our Investment Adviser s and Carlyle s other policies and procedures regarding allocation of investments. Where Carlyle otherwise has discretion to allocate investment opportunities among various funds, accounts and other similar arrangements, it should be noted that Carlyle may determine to allocate such investment opportunities away from us. 
 During periods of unusual market conditions, our Investment Adviser may deviate from its normal trade allocation practices. For example, this may occur with respect to the management of unlevered and/or long-only investment funds, 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 accounts or similar arrangements that are typically managed on a side-by-side basis with levered and/or long-short investment funds, accounts or similar arrangements. 
 For potential conflicts of interest in allocating investment opportunities among the Company and other investment funds, accounts or similar arrangements advised by Carlyle, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest, including the management of other investment funds and accounts by our Investment Adviser, which could impact our investment returns and the holders of our common stock. 
 Election to be Taxed as a RIC 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to continue to qualify annually, as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. Instead, dividends we distribute generally will be taxable to the holders of our common stock, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other tax attributes may not pass through to the holders of our common stock. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (generally, our net ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction) for any taxable year (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). The following discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we (1) qualify as a RIC, and (2) satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, then we are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our net taxable income we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 In addition, if we fail to distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding year (the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements ), we are liable for a 4 excise tax on the portion of the undistributed amounts of such income that are less than the amounts required to be distributed based on the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements. For this purpose, however, any ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by us that is subject to corporate income tax for the tax year ending in that calendar year is considered to have been distributed by year end (or earlier if estimated taxes are paid). 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the Investment Company Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities or foreign currencies (the 90 Gross Income Test and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, or two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 
 Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. If we are prohibited from making distributions or are unable to raise additional debt or equity capital or sell assets to make distributions, we may not be able to make sufficient distributions to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, and therefore would not be able to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Additionally, we may make investments that result in the recognition of ordinary income rather than capital gain, or that prevent us from accruing a long-term holding period. These investments may prevent us from 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 making capital gain distributions as described below. We intend to monitor our transactions, make the appropriate tax elections and make the appropriate entries in our books and records when we make any such investments in order to mitigate the effect of these rules. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus net realized short-term capital gains in excess of net realized long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given year exceed gross taxable income, we would have a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may for U.S. federal income tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several years that we distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. Such distributions may be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, a holder may receive a larger capital gain distribution than the holder would have received in the absence of such transactions. 
 Regulation 
 General Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and must offer, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A publicly-traded BDC provides stockholders with the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. 
 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the Investment Company Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act (such directors are referred to as the Independent Directors and the directors who are not Independent Directors are referred to as the Interested Directors ). We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 The Investment Company Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to certain transactions between BDCs and certain affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and certain affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. Because we are a BDC, we are not generally permitted to make loans to companies controlled by Carlyle or other funds managed by Carlyle. We are also not permitted to make any co-investments with our Investment Adviser or its affiliates (including any fund managed by Carlyle) without complying with our Exemptive Relief, subject to certain exceptions, including with respect to our downstream affiliates. Co-investments made under the Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Exemptive Relief, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. We may also co-invest with funds managed by Carlyle or any of its downstream affiliates, subject to compliance with applicable law and regulations, existing regulatory guidance, and our Investment Adviser s allocation policies and procedures. 
 As a BDC, we are generally required to meet a minimum asset coverage ratio after each issuance of senior securities. Asset coverage generally refers to a company s total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, as defined in the Investment Company Act, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness and, if applicable, preferred stock. Senior securities for this purpose includes borrowings from banks or other lenders, debt securities and preferred stock. On April 9, 2018 and June 6, 2018, our Board of Directors, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the Investment Company Act), and our stockholders, respectively, approved the application to us of the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, the minimum asset coverage 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ratio applicable to us was reduced from 200 to 150 , effective as of June 7, 2018, the first day after our 2018 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies. We may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate and currency fluctuations. We may purchase or otherwise receive warrants or options to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financings or other investments. In connection with such an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. 
 We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company (unless certain conditions are satisfied), invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject our stockholders to additional indirect expenses. Our investment portfolio is also subject to diversification requirements by virtue of our intended status to be a RIC for U.S. tax purposes. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure for more information. 
 On April 12, 2022, we changed our name from TCG BDC, Inc. to Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. In connection therewith, we have adopted a policy to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80 of our total assets (net assets plus borrowings for investment purposes) in secured debt investments or instruments that provide investment exposure to secured debt investments, including through investment vehicles that typically invest at least 80 of their total assets in secured debt investments. This policy may be changed with 60 days prior notice to our shareholders. None of our investment policies are fundamental, and thus may be changed without shareholder approval. 
 In addition, investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act and private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition), unless the funds comply with an exemption under the Investment Company Act. As a result, certain of our investors may hold a smaller position in our shares than if they were not subject to these restrictions. 
 We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value ("NAV") per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV of our common stock if our Independent Directors determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our common stock is to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Independent Directors, closely approximates the market value of such shares (less any distributing commission or discount). In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below NAV in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. Pursuant to approval granted at a special meeting of stockholders held on August 3, 2022, we are authorized, with the approval of the Board of Directors, to sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock at a price below the then-current NAV per share, subject to certain limitations (including that the number of shares issued does not exceed 25 of our then-outstanding common stock immediately prior to each such offering). Such stockholder approval expires on August 3, 2023. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we will, raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage and The NAV per share of our common stock may be diluted if we sell shares of our common stock in one or more offerings at prices below the then current NAV per share of our common stock . 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the Investment Company Act. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Qualifying Assets 
 As a BDC, we generally have to invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities and indebtedness of private U.S. companies and certain public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. We also may invest up to 30 of our portfolio in non-qualifying assets, as permitted by the Investment Company Act. Specifically, as part of this 30 basket, we may invest in entities that are not considered eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the Investment Company Act), including companies located outside of the United States, entities that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions under the Investment Company Act, and publicly traded entities whose public equity market capitalization exceeds the levels provided for under the Investment Company Act. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 As a BDC, we must offer, and must provide, upon request from our portfolio companies, significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Our Investment Adviser may provide all or a portion of this assistance pursuant to our administration agreement, the costs of which will be reimbursed by us. We may receive fees for these services. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may also invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Indebtedness and Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we will, raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage and We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us . 
 Codes of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and our Investment Adviser has adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively (collectively, the Rule 17j-1 Codes of Ethics ), which establish procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions and apply to, among others, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Rule 17j-1Codes of Ethics generally do not permit investments by personnel subject to them in securities that may be purchased or sold by us. The Rule 17j-1 Codes of Ethics are filed with the SEC (www.sec.gov). 
 We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOX Code of Ethics ), which applies to, among others, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The SOX Code of Ethics is available free of charge on our website (http://www.tcgbdc.com). 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 There have been no material changes to the Rule 17j-1 Codes of Ethics or the SOX Code of Ethics or material waivers of the codes that apply to our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and our Investment Adviser have each adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to material weaknesses. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Investment Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of our Investment Adviser are set forth below. These guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Investment Adviser and our Independent Directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, our Investment Adviser recognizes that it must vote portfolio securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Our Investment Adviser will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what it perceives to be the best interest of our stockholders. Our Investment Adviser will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although our Investment Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our Investment Adviser s proxy voting decisions will be made by its investment committee. To ensure that the vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, our Investment Adviser will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to the Investment Committee, and Independent Directors, any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how our Investment Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Stockholders may obtain information regarding how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., c/o Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400, New York, New York 10017. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We endeavor to maintain the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguard their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help stockholders understand what non-public personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share that information with select other parties. 
 We may collect non-public personal information about stockholders from our subscription agreements or other forms, such as name, address, account number and the types and amounts of investments, and information about transactions with us or our affiliates, such as participation in other investment programs, ownership of certain types of accounts or other account data and activity. We may disclose the non-public personal information that we collect from our stockholders or former stockholders, as described above, to our affiliates and service providers and as allowed by applicable law or regulation. Any party that receives this information from us is permitted to use it only for the services required by us and as allowed by applicable law or regulation, and is not permitted to share or use this information for any other purpose. We permit access only by authorized personnel who need access to that non-public personal information to provide services to us and our stockholders. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards for non-public personal information that are designed to comply with applicable law. 
 Compliance with Listing Requirements 
 Our shares of common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CGBD on June 14, 2017. As a listed company on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, we are subject to various listing standards including corporate governance listing standards. We monitor our compliance with all listing standards and take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Reporting Obligations and Available Information 
 We furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as well as reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 regarding directors, officers or 10 beneficial owners of us, filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our website (http://www.carlylesecuredlending.com). 
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us, which can be accessed at www.sec.gov. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors in providing financing to middle market companies include public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, CLOs, commercial finance companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our potential competitors are substantially larger and may have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that will not be available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we do, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act and the Code impose on us. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we will face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to use the expertise of the members of the Investment Committee and its investment team to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments. In addition, we expect that extensive direct origination resources, broad product capabilities, ability to commit capital in scale and the depth of expertise of our Investment Adviser s investment team will enable us to learn about and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, and compete with investment vehicles sponsored or advised by our affiliates. 
 Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees. Our Chief Financial Officer, a Managing Director of Carlyle, our Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer, a Vice President of Carlyle, and our Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, a Managing Director of Carlyle, are retained by our Administrator pursuant to the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement. Each of these professionals performs their respective functions for us under the terms of our Administration Agreement. 
 Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by our Investment Adviser. Our Investment Adviser has entered into a personnel agreement with Carlyle Employee Co., pursuant to which our Investment Adviser has access to the members of its investment committee, and a team of additional experienced investment professionals who, collectively, comprise the Investment Adviser s investment team. Our Investment Adviser may hire additional investment professionals to provide services to us. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 24 

Table of Contents 

 25 

Table of Contents 

 26 

Table of Contents 

 27 

Table of Contents 

 . Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, our common stockholders would also be exposed to typical risks associated with increased leverage, including an increased risk of loss resulting from increased indebtedness. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 29 

Table of Contents ) ) 
 (1) Assumes, as of December 31, 2022, (i) 2,041.7 million in total assets, (ii) 1,079.6 million in outstanding indebtedness, (iii) 917.4 million in net assets and (iv) weighted average effective annual interest rate, excluding fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), of 5.78 . 
 Based on an outstanding indebtedness of 1,079.6 million as of December 31, 2022, and the weighted average effective annual interest rate, excluding fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), of 5.78 as of that date, our investment portfolio at fair value would have had to produce an annual return of approximately 3.06 to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. For more information on our indebtedness, see Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial conditions or results of operations. 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facilities or otherwise in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before it matures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets or seeking additional equity. We cannot assure you that any such actions, if necessary, could be effected on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or on terms that would not be disadvantageous to our stockholders or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 31 

Table of Contents 

 32 

Table of Contents 

 33 

Table of Contents 

 34 

Table of Contents 

 35 

Table of Contents 

 36 

Table of Contents 

 37 

Table of Contents 

 38 

Table of Contents 

 39 

Table of Contents 

 40 

Table of Contents 

 41 

Table of Contents 

 42 

Table of Contents 

 43 

Table of Contents 

 44 

Table of Contents 

 45 

Table of Contents 

 46 

Table of Contents 

 47 

Table of Contents 

48 

Table of Contents 

 49 

Table of Contents 

 . As a result of the terms of the Preferred Stock, there may be times when Carlyle as the holder of the Preferred Stock has interests that differ from those of the holders of common stock, giving rise to conflict. See Note 10, Net Assets , to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information about the Preferred Stock. 
 Each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders. In addition, for so long as we are subject to the Investment Company Act, the holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class, have the right to elect two members of the Board of Directors at all times, and the balance of the directors will be elected by the holders of the common stock and the Preferred Stock voting together. 
 The issuance of the Preferred Stock and any shares of additional preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable to the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the market price for our common stock by making an investment in the common stock less attractive. In addition, the dividends on the Preferred Stock and on any additional preferred stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of the Preferred Stock and any additional preferred stock must take preference over any dividends or other payments to our common stockholders, and holders of the Preferred Stock or any additional preferred stock are not subject to any of our expenses or losses and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference (other than convertible preferred stock that converts into common stock). In addition, under the Investment Company Act, the Preferred Stock and any additional preferred stock constitute a senior security for purposes of the 150 asset coverage test. 
 Our stockholders may experience dilution upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. 
 If we deliver shares of common stock upon a conversion of the Preferred Stock at a time our NAV per share exceeds the conversion price in effect at such time, our stockholders may incur dilution. Our stockholders will also experience dilution in their ownership percentage of common stock upon our issuance of common stock in connection with the conversion of the 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock outstanding. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the availability of such shares for sale, including as a result of the sale of our common stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for our common stock. If this occurs and continues, it could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities should we desire to do so. 
 Our stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 Our dividend reinvestment plan is an opt out dividend reinvestment plan, pursuant to which all dividends declared in cash payable to stockholders that do not elect to receive their distributions in cash are automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash. As a result, our stockholders that opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan may experience dilution in their ownership percentage of our common stock over time. See Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Common 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 52 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We maintain our principal executive office at One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400, New York, NY 10017. We do not own any real estate. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company may become party to certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. The Company is not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against the Company. See also Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CGBD. Our common stock has historically traded at prices both above and below our NAV per share. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below NAV. See Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock and Other Securities That We May Issue Our shares of common stock have traded at a discount to NAV and may do so again, which could limit our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 On February 24, 2023, the last reported closing sales price of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market was 15.67 per share, which represented a discount of approximately 7.8 to the NAV per share reported by us as of December 31, 2022. 
 Holders 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were approximately 22 holders of record of our common stock (including Cede Co.). 
 Distributions 
 To the extent that we have taxable income available, we intend to distribute quarterly dividends to our stockholders. The amount of our dividends, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. Any dividends to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We anticipate that our distributions will generally be paid from taxable earnings, including interest and capital gains generated by our investment portfolio, and any other income, including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees, that we receive from portfolio companies. However, if we do not generate sufficient taxable earnings during a year, all or part of a distribution may constitute a return of capital. The specific tax characteristics of our dividends and other distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of each calendar year. 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to continue to qualify annually, as a RIC. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs and when reasonable, we intend to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year; (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and, (3) any undistributed ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax less certain over-distributions in prior years. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long term capital gains in excess of short term capital losses), if any, at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment, pay U.S. federal income tax on such amounts at regular corporate tax rates, and elect to treat such gains as deemed distributions to stockholders. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, to the extent that we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the Investment Company Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 We intend to make distributions in cash unless a stockholder elects to receive dividends and/or long-term capital gains distributions in additional shares of common stock. See Dividend Reinvestment Plan below. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the Investment Company Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 Prior to July 5, 2017, we had an opt in dividend reinvestment plan. Effective on July 5, 2017, we converted our opt in dividend reinvestment plan to an opt out dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our common stockholders, other than those stockholders who have opted out of the plan. As a result of adopting the plan, if our Board of Directors authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or distribution, our common stockholders who have not elected to opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends or distributions 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash. Each registered stockholder may elect to have such stockholder s dividends and distributions distributed in cash rather than participate in the plan. For any registered stockholder that does not so elect, distributions on such stockholder s shares will be reinvested by State Street Bank and Trust Company, our plan administrator, in additional shares. The number of shares to be issued to the stockholder will be determined based on the total dollar amount of the cash distribution payable, net of applicable withholding taxes. We intend to use primarily newly issued shares to implement the plan so long as the market value per share is equal to or greater than the net asset value per share on the relevant valuation date. If the market value per share is less than the net asset value per share on the relevant valuation date, the plan administrator would implement the plan through the purchase of common stock on behalf of participants in the open market, unless we instruct the plan administrator otherwise. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The Company did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph depicts the stockholder return on our common stock from June 14, 2017 (the date our common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market) to December 31, 2022 relative to that of the Standard Poor s BDC Index (the S P BDC Index and the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (the S P 500 Index ). This graph assumes that on June 14, 2017, 100 was invested in our common stock, the S P BDC Index and the S P 500 Index. The graph also assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends prior to any tax effect. 
 The graph and other information furnished under this Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table provides information regarding purchases of our common stock made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1)(2) 
 Maximum (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 252,973 11.86 252,973 50.6 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 83,966 14.29 83,966 49.4 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 219,697 14.28 219,697 46.3 Total 556,636 556,636 
 (1) On trade date basis. 
 (2) On August 1, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved the continuation of the Company's Stock Repurchase Program until November 5, 2023, or until the date the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares of common stock. Pursuant to the program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 200 million in the aggregate of its outstanding common stock in the open market and/or through privately negotiated transactions at prices not to exceed the Company s net asset value per share as reported in its most recent financial statements, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company, in its discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, available cash, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors, and may include purchases pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares and there can be no assurance as to the amount of shares repurchased under the program. The program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued by the Company at any time, subject to applicable law. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased an aggregate of 153.7 million pursuant to the Company Stock Repurchase Program. Pursuant to the authorization described above, the Company adopted the Company 10b5-1 Plan. The Company 10b5-1 Plan provides that purchases will be conducted on the open market in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act and will otherwise be subject to applicable law, which may prohibit purchases under certain circumstances. The amount of purchases made under the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise and how much will be purchased at any time is uncertain, dependent on prevailing market prices and trading volumes, all of which we cannot predict. The Company's Stock Repurchase Program was originally approved by the Company's Board of Directors on November 5, 2018 and announced on November 6, 2018. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K Risk Factors. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to factors discussed under Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 OVERVIEW 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 KEY COMPONENTS OF OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Investments 
 Our level of investment activity can and does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt available to middle market companies, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the type of investments we make. 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue primarily in the form of interest income on debt investments we hold. In addition, we generate income from dividends on direct equity investments, capital gains on the sales of loans and debt and equity securities and various loan origination and other fees. Our debt investments generally have a stated term of five to eight years and generally bear interest at a floating rate usually determined on the basis of a benchmark such as LIBOR or SOFR. Interest on these debt investments is generally paid quarterly. In some instances, we receive payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we receive repayments of some of our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments fluctuates significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity also reflects the proceeds of sales of securities. We may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of: (i) investment advisory fees, including base management fees and incentive fees, to our Investment Adviser pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement between us and our Investment Adviser; (ii) costs and other expenses and our allocable portion of overhead incurred by our Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement between us and our Administrator; and (iii) other operating expenses as detailed below: 
 administration fees payable under our Administration Agreement and Sub-Administration Agreements, including related expenses; 
 the costs of any offerings of our common stock and other securities, if any; 
 calculating individual asset values and our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firms); 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by our Investment Adviser, or members of our Investment Adviser team managing our investments, or payable to third parties, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and, if necessary, expenses of enforcing our rights; 
 certain costs and expenses relating to distributions paid on our shares; 
 debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; 
 the allocated costs incurred by our Investment Adviser in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; 
 amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making or holding investments; 
 the costs associated with subscriptions to data service, research-related subscriptions and expenses and quotation equipment and services used in making or holding investments; 
 transfer agent and custodial fees; 
 costs of hedging; 
 commissions and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers; 
 federal and state registration fees; 
 any U.S. federal, state and local taxes, including any excise taxes; 
 independent director fees and expenses; 
 costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of preparing tax returns, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance and attestation and costs of filing reports or other documents with the SEC (or other regulatory bodies), and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation or review of the foregoing; 
 the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs of any stockholders meetings and the compensation of investor relations personnel responsible for the preparation of the foregoing and related matters; 
 the costs of specialty and custom software for monitoring risk, compliance and overall portfolio, including any development costs incurred prior to the filing of our election to be regulated as a BDC; 
 our fidelity bond; 
 directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 
 indemnification payments; 
 direct fees and expenses associated with independent audits, agency, consulting and legal costs; and 
 all other expenses incurred by us or our Administrator in connection with administering our business, including our allocable share of certain officers and their staff compensation. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or to decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 Below is a summary of certain characteristics of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Count of investments 173 154 Count of portfolio companies / investment funds 134 117 Count of industries 28 27 Percentage of total investments at fair value: First lien debt 68.6 64.4 Second lien debt 13.3 17.9 Total secured debt 81.9 82.3 Investment Funds 13.3 13.7 Equity investments 4.8 4.0 Percentage of debt investments at fair value: Floating rate (1) 
 98.5 98.4 Fixed interest rate 1.5 1.6 
 (1) Primarily subject to interest rate floors. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below (information presented herein is at amortized cost unless otherwise indicated): 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Investments: Total investments, beginning of year 1,957,553 1,922,966 New investments purchased 660,786 851,422 Net accretion of discount on investments 9,990 9,383 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 965 19,038 Investments sold or repaid (579,319) (845,256) Total investments, end of year 2,049,975 1,957,553 Principal amount of investments funded: First Lien Debt 702,881 696,018 Second Lien Debt 1,282 137,465 Equity Investments (1) 
 20,165 47,513 Investment Funds Total 724,328 880,996 Principal amount of investments sold or repaid: First Lien Debt (532,843) (718,114) Second Lien Debt (72,825) (92,370) Equity Investments (1) 
 (6,177) (23,923) Investment Funds (23,000) Total (611,845) (857,407) Number of new funded investments 46 48 Average amount of new funded investments 11,636 11,278 Percentage of new funded debt investments at floating interest rates 100.0 98.0 Percentage of new funded debt investments at fixed interest rates 2.0 
 (1) Based on cost/proceeds of equity activity. The prior period has been conformed to the current presentation. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investments consisted of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value First Lien Debt 1,416,343 1,359,962 1,271,794 1,232,084 Second Lien Debt 341,538 341,776 Equity Investments 73,125 77,093 Investment Funds 271,096 262,099 Total 1,957,553 1,913,052 
 The weighted average yields (1) for our first and second lien debt, based on the amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value First Lien Debt 10.9 11.4 7.3 7.6 Second Lien Debt 12.8 13.2 9.0 9.0 First and Second Lien Debt Total 11.2 11.7 7.7 7.9 
 (1) Weighted average yields include the effect of accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums and are based on interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at fair value is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 at fair value included in such securities. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at amortized cost is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at amortized cost included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 Total weighted average yields (which includes the effect of accretion of discount and amortization of premiums) of our first and second lien debt investments as measured on an amortized cost basis increased from 7.7 to 11.2 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The increase in weighted average yields was primarily due to rising benchmark interest rates as well as restoring non-accrual loans to accrual status during the year. 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of our performing and non-accrual/non-performing investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Percentage Fair Value Percentage Performing 1,921,945 97.1 1,836,501 96.0 Non-accrual (1) 
 57,932 2.9 76,551 4.0 Total 1,979,877 100.0 1,913,052 100.0 
 
 (1) For information regarding our non-accrual policy, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 As part of the monitoring process, our Investment Adviser has developed risk assessment policies pursuant to which it regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our debt investments and rates each of them based on categories, which we refer to as Internal Risk Ratings . Pursuant to these risk policies, an Internal Risk Rating of 1 5, which are defined below, is assigned to each debt investment in our portfolio. Key drivers of internal risk ratings include financial metrics, financial covenants, liquidity and enterprise value coverage. 
 Internal Risk Ratings Definitions 
 Rating Definition 1 Borrower is operating above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable. 2 Borrower is operating generally as expected or at an acceptable level of performance. The level of risk to our initial cost basis is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination. This is the initial risk rating assigned to all new borrowers. 3 Borrower is operating below expectations and level of risk to our cost basis has increased since the time of 
 origination. The borrower may be out of compliance with debt covenants. Payments are generally current although there may be higher risk of payment default. 
 4 Borrower is operating materially below expectations and the loan s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the borrower being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, loan payments may be past due, but generally not by more than 120 days. It is anticipated that we may not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a loss of our initial cost basis upon exit. 5 Borrower is operating substantially below expectations and the loan s risk has increased substantially since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. It is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit. 
 Our Investment Adviser monitors and, when appropriate, changes the risk ratings assigned to each debt investment in our portfolio. Our Investment Adviser reviews our investment ratings in connection with our quarterly valuation process. The below table summarizes the Internal Risk Ratings assigned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (dollar amounts in millions) Fair Value of Fair Value Fair Value of Fair Value Internal Risk Rating 1 30.7 1.9 3.8 0.2 Internal Risk Rating 2 1,280.1 78.8 1,205.5 76.6 Internal Risk Rating 3 254.0 15.7 299.5 19.0 Internal Risk Rating 4 48.6 3.0 27.6 1.8 Internal Risk Rating 5 9.3 0.6 37.5 2.4 Total 1,622.7 100.0 1,573.9 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average Internal Risk Rating of our debt investment portfolio was 2.2 and 2.3, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, three and two of our debt investments with an aggregate fair value of 57.9 million and 65.1 million, respectively, were assigned an Internal Risk Rating of 4-5. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, three and five first lien debt investments in the portfolio with a fair value of 57.9 million and 76.6 million, respectively, were on non-accrual status, which represented approximately 2.9 and 4.0 , respectively, of total investments at fair value. The remaining first and second lien debt investments were performing and current on their interest payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 See the Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information on our investments, including a list of companies and type and amount of investments. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The net increase or decrease in net assets from operations may vary substantially from period to period as a result of various factors, including the recognition of realized gains and losses and net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As a result, quarterly comparisons may not be meaningful. 
 Net investment income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total investment income 207,256 171,238 182,118 Net expenses (including Excise tax expense) (103,214) (84,387) (93,311) Net investment income (loss) 104,042 86,851 88,807 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income: First Lien Debt 139,712 108,345 125,958 Second Lien Debt 30,605 29,189 29,851 Equity Investments 6,091 3,640 1,978 Investment Funds 30,848 30,064 24,277 Cash 54 Total investment income 207,256 171,238 182,118 
 The increase in investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the comparable period in 2021 was primarily driven by an increase in interest income from higher weighted average interest rates, a higher average investment balance, one-time income from restoring our debt investments in Direct Travel, Inc. to accrual status, and income from the exit of our investments in SolAero Technologies Corp. As of December 31, 2022, the size of our portfolio increased to 2,049,975 from 1,957,553 as of December 31, 2021 at amortized cost. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average yield of our first 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 and second lien debt increased to 11.2 from 7.7 as of December 31, 2021, on amortized cost, primarily due to rising benchmark interest rates on existing investments as well as restoring non-accrual loans to accrual status during the year. 
 The decrease in investment income for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the comparable period in 2020 was primarily driven by a lower average investment balance, partially offset by higher dividend income from the Investment Funds. The size of our portfolio increased to 1,957,553 as of December 31, 2021 from 1,922,966 as of December 31, 2020, at amortized cost. As of December 31, 2021, the weighted average yield of our first and second lien debt increased to 7.7 from 7.6 as of December 31, 2020, on amortized cost, primarily due to new fundings being originated at a higher weighted average yield than the yield of positions that repaid or were sold. 
 Interest income on our first and second lien debt investments is dependent on the composition and credit quality of the portfolio. Generally, we expect the portfolio to generate predictable quarterly interest income based on the terms stated in each loan s credit agreement. 
 Expenses 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Base management fees 28,803 28,343 28,648 Incentive fees 21,414 17,680 18,555 Professional fees 3,059 3,165 3,082 Administrative service fees 1,636 1,338 679 Interest expense and credit facility fees 43,961 30,753 39,581 Directors fees and expenses 640 561 398 Other general and administrative 1,872 1,765 1,795 Excise tax expense 1,829 782 573 Net expenses 103,214 84,387 93,311 
 Interest expense and credit facility fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were comprised of the following: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense 41,977 28,829 35,820 Facility unused commitment fee 1,129 1,161 1,766 Amortization of deferred financing costs 855 763 1,886 Other fees 109 Total interest expense and credit facility fees 43,961 30,753 39,581 Cash paid for interest expense 38,483 29,355 33,149 Average principal debt outstanding 1,039,077 1,021,326 1,111,397 Weighted average interest rate 3.99 2.76 3.15 
 The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the comparable period in 2021 was primarily driven by higher weighted average interest rates. The decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the comparable period in 2020 was primarily driven by lower weighted average interest rates and lower average debt outstanding. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Below is a summary of the base management fees and incentive fees incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Base management fees 28,803 28,343 28,648 Incentive fees on pre-incentive fee net investment income 21,414 17,680 18,555 Realized capital gains incentive fees Accrued capital gains incentive fees Total capital gains incentive fees Total incentive fees 21,414 17,680 18,555 Total base management fees and incentive fees 50,217 46,023 47,203 
 The increase in base management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the comparable period in 2021 was driven by higher average fair value of investments during the year. The increase in incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the comparable period in 2021 was driven by higher pre-incentive fee net investment income. The decrease in base management fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the comparable period in 2020 was driven by lower average fair value of investments during the year. The decrease in incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the comparable period in 2020 was driven by lower pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded no accrued capital gains incentive fees based upon our cumulative net realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reduction of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on our incentive and base management fees. 
 Professional fees include legal, rating agencies, audit, tax, valuation, technology and other professional fees incurred related to the management of us. Administrative service fees represent fees paid to the Administrator for our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of certain of our executive officers and their respective staff. Other general and administrative expenses include insurance, filing, research, subscriptions and other costs. 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had realized gains on 20, 34, and 9 investments, respectively, totaling approximately 8,022, 19,381, and 1,473, respectively, which were offset by realized losses on 13, 9, and 20 investments, respectively, totaling approximately 7,057, 343, and 59,946, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had a change in unrealized appreciation on 43, 110, and 78 investments, respectively, totaling approximately 48,588, 71,264, and 65,851, respectively, which was offset by a change in unrealized depreciation on 144, 76, and 97 investments, respectively, totaling approximately 74,185, 18,583, and 85,507, respectively. 
 During October 2020, Direct Travel completed a restructuring whereby the lenders received the majority of the equity in Direct Travel, but maintained the principal balance in the existing debt. As part of the transaction, the lenders also provided a delayed draw term loan facility to support ongoing liquidity of the business. As part of the restructuring, we received an approximate 9 ownership stake in Direct Travel. 
 
 During October 2020, Central Security Group, Inc. completed a restructuring whereby a portion of the first lien debt held by us was exchanged into common equity. As a result, 8,566 of unrealized depreciation was reversed and we 
 realized a loss of 8,562 during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 965 19,038 (58,473) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (25,597) 52,681 (19,656) Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (24,632) 71,719 (78,129) 
 Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) by the type of investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Type Net realized gain (loss) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net realized gain (loss) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net realized gain (loss) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) First Lien Debt 2,626 (16,672) 2,413 34,383 (58,766) (8,557) Second Lien Debt (5,615) (8,802) (125) 13,677 (228) (13,965) Equity Investments 3,954 (1,046) 16,750 2,845 522 1,697 Investment Funds 923 1,813 (3,104) Total 965 (25,597) 19,038 52,718 (58,472) (23,929) 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in our investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the comparable period in 2021 was primarily driven by wider market yields partially offset by improving credit fundamentals in certain 4 and 5 risk rated investments. Net change in unrealized depreciation in our investments for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the comparable period in 2020 was primarily driven by improving credit fundamentals and tightening market yields in 2021. Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) is also driven by changes in other inputs utilized under our valuation methodology, including, but not limited to, enterprise value multiples, borrower leverage multiples and borrower ratings, and the impact of exits. 
 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC Credit Fund 
 On February 29, 2016, we and Credit Partners entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement, which was subsequently amended and restated on June 24, 2016 and February 22, 2021 and May 16, 2022 (as amended, the Limited Liability Company Agreement to co-manage Credit Fund, a Delaware limited liability company that is not consolidated in our consolidated financial statements. Credit Fund is managed by a six-member board of managers, on which we and Credit Partners each have equal representation. We and Credit Partners each have 50 economic ownership of Credit Fund and have commitments to fund, from time to time, capital of up to 250,000 each. Funding of such commitments generally requires the approval of the board of Credit Fund, including the board members appointed by us. By virtue of our respective membership interests, we and Credit Partners each indirectly bear an allocable share of all expenses and other obligations of Credit Fund. 
 Credit Fund primarily invests in first lien loans of middle market companies sourced primarily by us and our affiliates. Portfolio and investment decisions with respect to Credit Fund must be unanimously approved by a quorum of Credit Fund s investment committee consisting of an equal number of representatives of us and Credit Partners. Therefore, although we own more than 25 of the voting securities of Credit Fund, we do not believe that we have control over Credit Fund (other than for purposes of the Investment Company Act). Middle Market Credit Fund SPV, LLC Credit Fund Sub ), MMCF CLO 2017-1 LLC (the 2017-1 Issuer ), MMCF CLO 2019-2, LLC (the "2019-2 Issuer") and MMCF Warehouse II, LLC Credit Fund Warehouse II ), each a Delaware limited liability company are wholly owned subsidiaries of Credit Fund and are consolidated in Credit Fund s consolidated financial statements 
 Since inception of Credit Fund and through December 31, 2022 and 2021, we and Credit Partners each made capital contributions of 1 and 1 in members equity, respectively, and 216,000 and 216,000 in subordinated loans, respectively, to Credit Fund. On May 25, 2021, the Company and Credit Partners received an aggregate return of capital on the subordinated loans of 46,000, of which the Company received 23,000. The cost and fair value of our investment in Credit Fund was 193,001 and 190,065, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 193,000 and 184,141, respectively, as of December 31, 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 2021. Our portion of the dividend declared by Credit Fund was 20,500, 20,000 and 19,750 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our annualized dividend yield from Credit Fund was 11.4 and 10.4 , respectively. 
 Below is a summary of Credit Fund s portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Senior secured loans (1) 
 955,605 942,930 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on amortized cost (2) 
 10.0 6.0 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on fair value (2) 
 10.5 6.1 Number of portfolio companies in Credit Fund 45 45 Average amount per portfolio company (1) 
 21,236 20,954 Number of loans on non-accrual status Percentage of loans at floating interest rates (3)(4) 
 100.0 100.0 
 (1) At par/principal amount. 
 (2) Weighted average yields include the effect of accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums and are based on interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at fair value is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at fair value included in such securities. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at amortized cost is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at amortized cost included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 (3) Floating rate debt investments are generally subject to interest rate floors. 
 (4) Percentages based on fair value. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold 8, 8 and 4 investments, respectively, to Credit Fund for proceeds of 113,509, 118,204 and 62,754, respectively, and realized gains (losses) of (439), 1,075 and (2,289), respectively. See Note 5, Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC Credit Fund II 
 On November 3, 2020, we and Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund CCLF entered into a limited liability company agreement to co-manage Credit Fund II, a Delaware limited liability company that is not consolidated in our consolidated financial statements. Credit Fund II is managed by a four-member board, on which we and CCLF have equal representation. We and CCLF have 84.13 and 15.87 economic ownership of Credit Fund II, respectively. By virtue of our respective membership interests, we and CCLF each indirectly bear an allocable share of all expenses and other obligations of Credit Fund II. 
 Credit Fund II primarily invests in senior secured loans of middle market companies. Credit Fund II's initial portfolio was funded in November 2020 with existing senior secured debt investments contributed by us and as part of the transaction, we determined that the contribution met the requirements under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing . Credit Fund II is expected to make only limited new investments in senior secured loans of middle market companies. Portfolio and investment decisions with respect to Credit Fund II must be unanimously approved by a quorum of Credit Fund II s board members consisting of at least one of our representatives and one of CCLF's representatives. Therefore, although we own more than 25 of the voting securities of Credit Fund II, we do not believe that we have control over Credit Fund (other than for purposes of the Investment Company Act). Middle Market Credit Fund II SPV, LLC Credit Fund II Sub ), a Delaware limited liability company, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Fund II and is consolidated in Credit Fund II s consolidated financial statements. 
 Since inception of Credit Fund II and through December 31, 2022, we and CCLF made capital contributions of 78,096 and 12,709 in members equity, respectively, to Credit Fund II. The cost and fair value of our investment in Credit Fund II was 78,096 and 72,957, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 78,096 and 77,958, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Our portion of the dividend declared by Credit Fund II was 10,348, 10,096 and 1,446 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our annualized dividend yield from Credit Fund II was 14.2 and 12.9 , respectively. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Below is a summary of Credit Fund II s portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Senior secured loans (1) 
 253,310 240,878 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on amortized cost (2) 
 11.1 7.3 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on fair value (2) 
 11.3 7.2 Number of portfolio companies in Credit Fund II 35 36 Average amount per portfolio company (1) 
 7,237 6,691 Number of loans on non-accrual status Percentage of portfolio at floating interest rates (3)(4) 
 97.9 97.7 Percentage of portfolio at fixed interest rates (4) 
 2.1 2.3 
 (1) At par/principal amount. 
 (2) Weighted average yields include the effect of accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums and are based on interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at fair value is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at fair value included in such securities. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at amortized cost is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at amortized cost included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 (3) Floating rate debt investments are generally subject to interest rate floors. 
 (4) Percentages based on fair value. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 10 investments to Credit Fund II for proceeds of 68,167 and realized gains (losses) of (840). During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 17 investments to Credit Fund II for proceeds of 84,554 and realized gains (losses) of 468. We did not sell any investments to Credit Fund II during the year ended December 31, 2020. On November 3, 2020, pursuant to a contribution agreement by and between us and Credit Fund II, we contributed 45 senior secured debt investments with an aggregate principal balance of approximately 250 million to Credit Fund II in exchange for approximately 84.13 of Credit Fund II s membership interests and gross cash proceeds of approximately 170 million. There were no subsequent transfers during December 31, 2020. See Note 6, Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information about Credit Fund II. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We generate cash from the net proceeds of offerings of our common stock and through cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments as well as income earned on investments and cash equivalents. We may also fund a portion of our investments through borrowings under the Credit Facility, as defined below, the issuance of debt, and through securitization of a portion of our existing investments. The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for investments in portfolio companies, repayment of indebtedness, cash distributions to our stockholders and for other general corporate purposes. We believe our current cash position, available capacity on our revolving credit facilities which is well in excess of our unfunded commitments and net cash provided by operating activities will provide us with sufficient resources to meet our obligations and continue to support our investment objectives, including reserving for the capital needs which may arise at our portfolio companies. 
 Credit Facility, Senior Notes, and 2015-1R Notes 
 On March 21, 2014, we closed on a senior secured revolving credit facility the Credit Facility ), as amended from time to time. The maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility is 688,000, subject to availability under the Credit Facility, which is based on certain advance rates multiplied by the value of the Company s portfolio investments (subject to certain concentration limitations) net of certain other indebtedness that the Company may incur in accordance with the terms of the Credit Facility. Proceeds of the Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. Maximum capacity under the Credit Facility may be increased, subject to certain conditions, to 900,000 through the exercise by the Company of an uncommitted accordion feature through which existing and new lenders may, at their option, agree to provide additional financing. The Credit Facility includes a 50,000 limit for swingline loans and a 20,000 limit for letters of credit. Subject to certain exceptions, the Credit Facility is secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Company. The Credit Facility includes customary covenants, including certain financial covenants related to asset coverage, shareholders equity and liquidity, certain limitations on the incurrence of additional 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 indebtedness and liens, and other maintenance covenants, as well as usual and customary events of default for senior secured revolving credit facilities of this nature. 
 Although we believe that we will remain in compliance, there are no assurances that we will continue to comply with the covenants in the Credit Facility. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the Credit Facility that, if we were unable to obtain a waiver from the applicable lenders, could result in the immediate acceleration of the amounts due under the Credit Facility, and thereby have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For more information on the Credit Facility, see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 On December 30, 2019, we closed a private offering of 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.750 Senior Unsecured Notes due December 31, 2024 (the 2019 Notes ). On December 11, 2020, we issued an additional 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due December 31, 2024 (the "2020 Notes, together with the 2019 Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2020 Notes bear interest at an interest rate of 4.500 . We paid an affiliate of Carlyle a fee of 562 for underwriting services rendered in connection with the issuance of the 2020 Notes in the amount of 0.75 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes. The interest rates of the Senior Notes are subject to increase (up to an additional 1.00 over the stated rate of such notes) in the event, subject to certain exceptions, the Senior Notes cease to have an investment grade rating. The Senior Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. For more information on the Senior Notes, see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 On June 26, 2015, we completed the 2015-1 Debt Securitization, which was refinanced on August 30, 2018 (the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing by redeeming in full the 2015-1 Notes and issuing new notes (the 2015-1R Notes ). The 2015-1R Notes were issued by Carlyle Direct Lending CLO 2015-1R LLC (the 2015-1 Issuer ), a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary of us. The 2015-1R Notes are secured by a diversified portfolio of the 2015-1 Issuer consisting primarily of first and second lien senior secured loans. The 2015-1R Notes consist of: 
 (a) 234,800 AAA Class A-1-1-R Notes, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.55 ; 
 (b) 50,000 AAA Class A-1-2-R Notes, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.48 for the first 24 months and the three-month LIBOR plus 1.78 thereafter; 
 (c) 25,000 AAA Class A-1-3-R Notes, which bear interest at 4.56 ; 
 (d) 66,000 Class A-2-R Notes, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.20 ; 
 (e) 46,400 single-A Class B Notes, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 3.15 ; 
 (f) 27,000 BBB- Class C Notes , which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 4.00 ; and 
 (g) 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests with a nominal value of 104,525 at close of the refinancing. 
 The 2015-1R Notes have a reinvestment period end date and maturity date of October 15, 2023 and October 15, 2031, respectively. In connection with the initial financing, we made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the 2015-1 Issuer. The Class A-1-1-R, Class A-1-2-R, Class A-1-3-R, Class A-2-R, Class B and Class C Notes are included in the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests were eliminated in consolidation. 
 For more information on the 2015-1R Notes, see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 30,506 and 93,074, respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. The Credit Facility consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 Total Facility Borrowings Outstanding Unused 
 Portion (1) 
 Amounts Available (2) 
 Credit Facility 688,000 440,441 247,559 247,902 Total 688,000 440,441 247,559 247,902 
 
 December 31, 2021 Total Facility Borrowings Outstanding Unused 
 Portion (1) 
 Amounts Available (2) 
 Credit Facility 688,000 407,655 280,345 280,706 Total 688,000 407,655 280,345 280,706 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees are based. 
 (2) Available for borrowing based on the computation of collateral to support the borrowings and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and financial ratios. 
 The following were the carrying values (before debt issuance costs) for the Senior Notes disclosed but not carried at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Carrying value as of December 31, 2022 2021 2019 Notes 115,000 115,000 2020 Notes 75,000 75,000 Total 190,000 190,000 
 The following were the carrying values (before debt issuance costs) of the Company's 2015-1R Notes disclosed but not carried at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Carrying value as of December 31, 2015-1R Notes 2022 2021 Aaa/AAA Class A-1-1-R Notes 234,800 234,800 Aaa/AAA Class A-1-2-R Notes 50,000 50,000 Aaa/AAA Class A-1-3-R Notes 25,000 25,000 AA Class A-2-R Notes 66,000 66,000 A Class B Notes 46,400 46,400 BBB- Class C Notes 27,000 27,000 Total 449,200 449,200 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a combined 1,079,641 and 1,046,855, respectively, of outstanding consolidated indebtedness under the Credit Facility, the 2015-1R Notes and the Senior Notes. Our annualized interest cost as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 5.78 and 2.75 , excluding fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of upfront fees). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred 41,977, 28,829 and 35,820, respectively, of interest expense and 1,129, 1,161 and 1,766, respectively, of unused commitment fees. 
 
 Equity Activity 
 Common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 51,060,136 and 53,142,454, respectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes activity in the number of shares of our common stock outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Common stock outstanding, beginning of year 53,142,454 55,320,309 57,763,811 Repurchase of common stock (2,082,318) (2,177,855) (2,443,502) Common stock outstanding, end of year 51,060,136 53,142,454 55,320,309 
 On May 5, 2020, we issued and sold 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01, to an affiliate of Carlyle in a private placement at a price of 25 per share. Shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2,000,000. For more information on the Preferred Stock, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 Effective with the third quarter 2020 dividend, we updated our dividend policy such that the base dividend was 0.32 per share of common stock. Effective with the third quarter 2022 dividend, we updated our dividend policy such that the base dividend was 0.34 per share of common stock. Effective with the fourth quarter 2022 dividend, we updated our dividend policy such that the base dividend is 0.36 per share of common stock. Our dividend policy is subject to change by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion at any time. 
 The following table summarizes our dividends declared per share of common stock during the three most recent fiscal years: 
 Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Per Share Amount 2020 February 24, 2020 March 31, 2020 April 17, 2020 0.37 May 4, 2020 June 30, 2020 July 17, 2020 0.37 August 3, 2020 September 30, 2020 October 16, 2020 0.37 (1) November 2, 2020 December 31, 2020 January 15, 2021 0.36 (1) Total 1.47 2021 February 22, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 16, 2021 0.37 (1) May 3, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 15, 2021 0.36 (1) August 2, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 15, 2021 0.38 (1) November 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 14, 2022 0.39 (1) Total 1.50 2022 February 18, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 15, 2022 0.40 (1) May 2, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 0.40 (1) August 8, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 14, 2022 0.40 (1) October 31, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 16, 2023 0.44 (1) Total 1.64 
 (1) Per Share Amount includes the base dividend and a special/supplemental dividend. For more information on the base dividend and special/supplemental dividend, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Our Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to 25 per share (the Liquidation Preference) plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of distribution. Dividends on our Preferred Stock are payable on a quarterly basis in an initial amount equal to 7.00 per annum of the Liquidation Preference per share, payable in cash, or at our option, 9.00 per annum of the Liquidation Preference payable in additional shares of Preferred Stock. 
 The Preferred Stock is convertible, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder of the Preferred Stock into the number of shares of common stock equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends, divided by 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 an initial conversion price of 9.50, subject to certain adjustments to prevent dilution as set forth in the Company's Articles Supplementary. The conversion price as of December 31, 2022 was 9.31. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s dividends declared per share of Preferred Stock during the three most recent fiscal years. Unless otherwise noted, dividends declared were paid in cash. 
 Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Per Share Amount 2020 June 30, 2020 June 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 0.277 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 0.423 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2020 0.438 Total 1.138 2021 March 31, 2021 March 31, 2021 March 31, 2021 0.438 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 0.438 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 0.438 December 29, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 0.438 Total 1.752 2022 March 25, 2022 March 31, 2022 March 31, 2022 0.438 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 0.438 September 22, 2022 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 0.438 December 16, 2022 December 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 0.438 Total 1.752 
 
 OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into contracts or agreements that contain indemnifications or warranties. Future events could occur which may give rise to liabilities arising from these provisions against us. We believe that the likelihood of such an event is remote; however, the maximum potential exposure is unknown. No accrual has been made in these consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for any such exposure. 
 We have in the past, currently are and may in the future become obligated to fund commitments such as revolving credit facilities, bridge financing commitments, or delayed draw commitments. 
 We had the following unfunded commitments to fund delayed draw and revolving senior secured loans as of the indicated dates: 
 Principal Amount as of December 31, 2022 2021 Unfunded delayed draw commitments 83,743 112,985 Unfunded revolving term loan commitments 74,463 67,513 Total unfunded commitments 158,206 180,498 
 Pursuant to an undertaking by us in connection with the 2015-1 Debt Securitization, we agreed to hold, on an ongoing basis, the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests with an aggregate dollar purchase price at least equal to 5 of the aggregate outstanding amount of all collateral obligations by the 2015-1 Issuer for as long as any securities of the 2015-1 Issuer remains outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with this undertaking. 
 
 ASSET COVERAGE 
 In accordance with the Investment Company Act, a BDC is only allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the Investment Company Act, satisfies the minimum asset coverage ratio specified in the Investment 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Company Act after such borrowing. Asset coverage generally refers to a company s total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, as defined in the Investment Company Act, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness and, if applicable, preferred stock. Senior securities for this purpose includes borrowings from banks or other lenders, debt securities and preferred stock. 
 Prior to March 23, 2018, BDCs were required to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio of 200 . On March 23, 2018, an amendment to Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act was signed into law to permit BDCs to reduce the minimum asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 , so long as certain approval and disclosure requirements are satisfied. Under the 200 minimum asset coverage ratio, BDCs are permitted to borrow up to one dollar for investment purposes for every one dollar of investor equity, and under the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio, BDCs are permitted to borrow up to two dollars for investment purposes for every one dollar of investor equity. In other words, Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, as amended, permits BDCs to potentially increase their debt-to-equity ratio from a maximum of 1 to 1 to a maximum of 2 to 1. 
 On April 9, 2018 and June 6, 2018, the Board of Directors, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the Investment Company Act), and the stockholders of the Company, respectively, approved the application to the Company of the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, the minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to the Company was reduced from 200 to 150 , effective as of June 7, 2018. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total senior securities of 1,129,641 and 1,096,855, respectively, consisting of secured borrowings under the Credit Facility, the Senior Notes, the 2015-1R Notes and the Preferred Stock, and had asset coverage ratios of 176.79 and 181.94 , respectively. For a discussion of the principal risk factors associated with these senior securities, see Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. For purposes of the asset coverage ratio, the Preferred Stock is classified as a senior security. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates and judgments are based on historical information, information currently available to us and on various other assumptions management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could vary from those estimates and we may change our estimates and assumptions in future evaluations. Changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We believe the critical accounting policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, as well as with our Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company applies fair value accounting in accordance with the terms of Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be exchanged to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transfer between market participants at the measurement date. Effective September 8, 2022, the Investment Adviser, as the valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act, determines in good faith the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio for which market quotations are not readily available. The Investment Adviser values securities/instruments traded in active markets on the measurement date by multiplying the closing price of such traded securities/instruments by the quantity of shares or amount of the instrument held. The Investment Adviser may also obtain quotes with respect to certain of its investments, such as its securities/instruments traded in active markets and its liquid securities/instruments that are not traded in active markets, from pricing services, brokers, or counterparties (i.e., consensus pricing ). When doing so, the Investment Adviser determines whether the quote obtained is sufficient according to U.S. GAAP to determine the fair value of the security. The Investment Adviser may use the quote obtained, or alternative pricing sources may be utilized, including valuation techniques typically utilized for illiquid securities/instruments. 
 Securities/instruments that are illiquid, or for which the pricing source does not provide a valuation or methodology, or provides a valuation or methodology that, in the judgment of the Investment Adviser, does not represent fair value, shall each be valued as of the measurement date using all techniques appropriate under the circumstances and for which sufficient data is available. These valuation techniques may vary by investment and include comparable public market valuations, comparable precedent transaction valuations and/or discounted cash flow analyses. The process generally used to determine the applicable value is as follows: (i) the value of each portfolio company or investment is initially reviewed by the investment professionals responsible for such portfolio company or investment and, for non-traded investments, a standardized template designed to 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 approximate fair market value based on observable market inputs, updated credit statistics and unobservable inputs is used to determine a preliminary value, which is also reviewed alongside consensus pricing, where available; (ii) preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and reviewed by a valuation committee comprised of members of senior management; (iii) the Board of Directors engages a third-party valuation firm to provide positive assurance on portions of the Middle Market Senior Loans and equity investments portfolio each quarter (such that each non-traded investment other than Credit Fund is reviewed by a third-party valuation firm at least once on a rolling twelve month basis) including a review of management s preliminary valuation and conclusion on fair value; (iv) if applicable, prior to September 8, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee reviews the assessments of the Investment Adviser and the third-party valuation firm; and (v) if applicable, prior to September 8, 2022, the Board of Directors discusses the valuation recommendations of the Audit Committee and determines the fair value of each investment in the portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Investment Adviser and, where applicable, the third-party valuation firm. 
 All factors that might materially impact the value of an investment are considered, including, but not limited to the assessment of the following factors, as relevant: 
 the nature and realizable value of any collateral; 
 call features, put features and other relevant terms of debt; 
 the portfolio company s leverage and ability to make payments; 
 the portfolio company s public or private credit rating; 
 the portfolio company s actual and expected earnings and discounted cash flow; 
 prevailing interest rates and spreads for similar securities and expected volatility in future interest rates; 
 the markets in which the portfolio company does business and recent economic and/or market events; and 
 comparisons to comparable transactions and publicly traded securities. 
 Investment performance data utilized are the most recently available financial statements and compliance certificate received from the portfolio companies as of the measurement date which, in many cases, may reflect a lag in information. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been reported had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the realized gains or losses on investments to be different from the net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation currently reflected in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which ranks the level of observability of market price inputs used in measuring investments at fair value. The observability of inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment and state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Investments with readily available quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets generally have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value. 
 For further information on the fair value hierarchies, our framework for determining fair value, and the composition of our portfolio, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information on fair value measurements. 
 Investments 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment using the specific identification method without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and includes investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K reflects the net change in the fair value of investments, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 
 Non-Accrual Income 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are current or there is no longer any reasonable doubt that such principal or interest will be collected in full and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may determine not to place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 Income Taxes 
 For federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code, and intends to make the required distributions to its stockholders as specified therein. In order to qualify as a RIC, the Company must meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. If such requirements are met, then the Company is generally required to pay income taxes only on the portion of its taxable income and gains it does not distribute. 
 
 The minimum distribution requirements applicable to RICs require the Company to distribute to its stockholders at least 90 of its investment company taxable income ICTI ), as defined by the Code, each year. Depending on the level of ICTI earned in a tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward ICTI in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year. Any such carryover ICTI must be distributed before the end of that next tax year through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such ICTI. 
 In addition, based on the excise distribution requirements, the Company is subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on undistributed income unless the Company distributes in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of its ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding year. For this purpose, however, any ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by the Company that is subject to corporate income tax is considered to have been distributed. 
 The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its consolidated financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely than not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes, if any, are included in income tax expense. 
 The SPV and the 2015-1 Issuer are disregarded entities for tax purposes and are consolidated with the tax return of the Company. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in the valuations of our investment portfolio and interest rates. 
 Valuation Risk 
 Our investments generally do not have a readily available market price. Our Investment Adviser, as the valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act, values our investments for which market quotations are not readily available in good faith at fair value in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. In addition, because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is possible that the difference could be material. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, on a fair value basis, approximately 1.5 of our debt investments bear interest at a fixed rate and approximately 98.5 of our debt investments bear interest at a floating rate, which primarily are subject to interest rate floors. Additionally, the Credit Facility is also subject to floating interest rates and is currently paid based on floating SOFR rates. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. There can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our income in the future. 
 The following table estimates the potential changes in net cash flow generated from interest income, should interest rates increase or decrease by 100, 200 or 300 basis points. These hypothetical interest income calculations are based on a model of the settled debt investments in our portfolio, excluding structured finance obligations and our investments in Credit Fund and Credit Fund II, held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are only adjusted for assumed changes in the underlying base interest rates and the impact of that change on interest income. Interest expense is calculated based on outstanding secured borrowings and notes payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and based on the terms of our Credit Facility and notes payable. Interest expense on our Credit Facility and notes payable is calculated using the stated interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, adjusted for the hypothetical changes in rates, as shown below. We intend to continue to finance a portion of our investments with borrowings and the interest rates paid on our borrowings may impact significantly our net interest income. 
 
 We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, we determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 Based on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following table shows the annual impact on net investment income of base rate changes in interest rates for our settled debt investments (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments), excluding our investments in Credit Fund and Credit Fund II, and outstanding secured borrowings and notes payable assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Basis Point Change Interest Income Interest Expense Net Investment Income Interest Income Interest Expense Net Investment Income Up 300 basis points 48,535 (25,939) 22,596 34,923 (24,832) 10,091 Up 200 basis points 32,357 (17,293) 15,064 19,935 (16,513) 3,422 Up 100 basis points 16,178 (8,646) 7,532 4,954 (8,195) (3,241) Down 100 basis points (16,178) 8,646 (7,532) (147) 1,083 936 Down 200 basis points (32,249) 17,287 (14,962) (147) 1,083 936 Down 300 basis points (48,089) 25,744 (22,345) (147) 1,083 936 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 77 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 84 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 85 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 115 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, debt agents, and the underlying investees; when replies were not received from the debt agents and the underlying investees, we performed other auditing procedures. 
 
 Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of investments using significant unobservable inputs Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company's investments categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy (Level III investments) totaled 1.907 billion. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements (Note 3), management determined the fair value of the Company s Level III investments by using valuation techniques such as comparable public market valuations, comparable precedent transaction valuations and/or discounted cash flow analyses and using inputs which were significant to the valuation of these investments, such as observable market inputs, updated credit statistics, and significant unobservable inputs (significant inputs). The significant unobservable inputs used to determine fair value required significant management judgment or estimation and, as disclosed in Note 3, included discount rates, comparable multiples, recovery rates, default rates, and indicative quotes. Auditing the fair value of the Company's Level III investments was complex and judgmental due to the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used by the Company to determine fair value. How We Addressed the Matter in our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's investment valuation process. This included controls over management s assessment of the valuation techniques and significant inputs used by management to determine the fair value measurements. To test the valuation of the Company s Level III investments, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the valuation techniques and significant inputs used by the Company. For each Level III investment, we gained an understanding of the valuation technique(s) and significant inputs used to value the investment and reviewed the information considered by the Company s valuation designee, under the oversight of the Board of Directors, relating to the valuation. Our procedures also included testing, for a sample of Level III investments, significant inputs and the mathematical accuracy of the Company's valuation models. For example, we compared market spreads, market value (EBITDA) multiples of publicly traded comparable companies, available precedent sales transactions of comparable companies, default rates and recovery rates to information available from third-party market research providers. We also compared certain of the significant inputs to underlying sources like public and private credit ratings and the most recently available portfolio company financial statements and compliance certificates provided by management. To evaluate the reasonableness of the unobservable inputs, we assessed whether these inputs were developed in a manner consistent with the Company s valuation policies and in some instances, with the assistance of our valuation specialists, we independently developed fair value estimates using portfolio company and market information and compared them to the Company's estimates. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborated or contradicted the Company's significant inputs. We also evaluated subsequent events and transactions and considered whether they corroborated or contradicted the Company's year-end valuations. 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

February 27, 2023 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
 recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Tysons, VA 
 February 27, 2023 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Investments, at fair value Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Investments non-controlled/affiliated, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Investments controlled/affiliated, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Receivable for investments sold Interest and dividend receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Debt and Secured Borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively (Notes 7 and 8) 
 Payable for investments purchased Interest and credit facility fees payable (Notes 7 and 8) Dividend payable (Note 10) Base management and incentive fees payable (Note 4) Administrative service fees payable (Note 4) Other accrued expenses and liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 9 and 12) NET ASSETS Cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Paid-in capital in excess of par value Offering costs ) ) Total distributable earnings (loss) ) ) Total net assets NET ASSETS PER COMMON SHARE 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income: From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: Interest income PIK income Other income Total investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments From non-controlled/affiliated investments: Interest income PIK income Other income Total investment income from non-controlled/affiliated investments From controlled/affiliated investments: Interest income Dividend income Other income Total investment income from controlled/affiliated investments Total investment income Expenses: Base management fees (Note 4) Incentive fees (Note 4) Professional fees Administrative service fees (Note 4) Interest expense and credit facility fees (Notes 7 and 8) Directors fees and expenses Other general and administrative Total expenses Net investment income (loss) before taxes Excise tax expense Net investment income (loss) Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Net realized gain (loss) from: Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) ) Non-controlled/affiliated investments Controlled/affiliated investments Currency gains (losses) on non-investment assets and liabilities ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments: Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) ) Non-controlled/affiliated investments ) Controlled/affiliated investments ) Net change in unrealized currency gains (losses) on non-investment assets and liabilities ) Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and non-investment assets and liabilities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Preferred stock dividend Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations attributable to Common Stockholders Basic and diluted earnings per common share (Note 10) Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding (Note 10) 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: Net investment income (loss) Net realized gain (loss) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized currency gains (losses) on non-investment assets and liabilities ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Capital transactions: Preferred stock issued Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends declared (Note 10) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from capital share transactions ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets ) ) Net assets at beginning of year Net assets at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization of deferred financing costs Net accretion of discount on investments ) ) ) Paid-in-kind interest ) ) ) Net realized (gain) loss on investments ) ) Net realized currency (gain) loss on non-investment assets and liabilities ) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments ) Net change in unrealized currency (gains) losses on non-investment assets and liabilities ) ) Cost of investments purchased and change in payable for investments purchased ) ) ) Proceeds from contribution of investments to Credit Fund II Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments and change in receivable for investments sold Changes in operating assets: Interest receivable ) ) Dividend receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Changes in operating liabilities: Interest and credit facility fees payable ) Base management and incentive fees payable ) Administrative service fees payable Other accrued expenses and liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Borrowings on SPV Credit Facility and Credit Facility Repayments of SPV Credit Facility and Credit Facility ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Debt issuance costs paid ) ) ) Dividends paid in cash ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid during the year Taxes, including excise tax, paid during year Dividends declared during the year Credit Fund II members interest received in consideration of contribution of investments (Note 6) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets First Lien Debt of fair value) 
 ADPD Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Consumer Services SOFR 
 8/16/2022 8/15/2028 Advanced Web Technologies Holding Company (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 12/17/2020 12/17/2026 Airnov, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 12/20/2019 12/19/2025 Allied Universal Holdco LLC (2)(3)(15) Business Services LIBOR 
 2/17/2021 5/14/2028 Alpine Acquisition Corp II (2)(3)(14)(15) Transportation: Cargo SOFR 
 4/19/2022 11/30/2026 American Physician Partners, LLC (2)(3)(15) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR , PIK 
 1/7/2019 8/5/2022 American Physician Partners, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR , PIK 
 12/16/2022 2/15/2023 Analogic Corporation (2)(3)(14) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 6/22/2018 6/22/2024 Applied Technical Services, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 12/29/2020 12/29/2026 Appriss Health, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 5/6/2021 5/6/2027 Apptio, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Software LIBOR 
 1/10/2019 1/10/2025 Ascend Buyer, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Containers, Packaging Glass SOFR 
 9/30/2021 9/30/2028 Associations, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Construction Building SOFR , PIK 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 Atlas AU Bidco Pty Ltd (Australia) (2)(3)(7)(14) High Tech Industries SOFR 
 12/15/2022 12/12/2029 Aurora Lux FinCo S. .R.L. (Luxembourg) (2)(3)(7) Software LIBOR 
 12/24/2019 12/24/2026 Avalara, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Diversified Financial Services SOFR 
 10/19/2022 10/19/2028 Barnes Noble, Inc. (2)(3)(11)(15) Retail SOFR 
 8/7/2019 12/20/2026 BlueCat Networks, Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) High Tech Industries SOFR , PIK 
 8/8/2022 8/8/2028 BMS Holdings III Corp. (2)(3)(14) Construction Building LIBOR 
 9/30/2019 9/30/2026 Bradyifs Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Wholesale SOFR 
 2/21/2020 11/22/2025 Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) (2)(7)(14) Consumer Goods: Non-Durable LIBOR PIK) 
 10/20/2021 10/20/2028 Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) (2)(7)(14) Consumer Goods: Non-Durable LIBOR 
 10/20/2021 10/20/2028 ) 
 85 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Celerion Buyer, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR 
 11/3/2022 11/3/2029 Chartis Holding, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 5/1/2019 5/1/2025 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) (15) Software SOFR 
 8/30/2018 8/30/2024 CircusTrix Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 2/2/2018 1/16/2024 CircusTrix Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 1/8/2021 7/16/2023 Comar Holding Company, LLC (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 6/18/2018 6/18/2024 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) Software SOFR 
 7/2/2019 7/2/2026 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7) Software SOFR 
 9/3/2020 7/2/2026 CPI Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Telecommunications SOFR 
 10/6/2022 10/6/2029 CST Holding Company (2)(3)(14)(15) Consumer Goods: Non-Durable SOFR 
 11/1/2022 11/1/2028 DCA Investment Holding LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR 
 3/11/2021 4/3/2028 Denali Midco 2, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Consumer Services SOFR 
 9/15/2022 12/22/2027 DermaRite Industries, LLC (2)(3)(8) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 3/3/2017 6/30/2023 Dermatology Associates (2)(3)(15) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR PIK) 
 5/31/2016 3/31/2023 Dermatology Associates (2)(3)(8)(11) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR PIK) 
 5/31/2016 3/31/2023 Diligent Corporation (2)(3)(14) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 8/4/2020 8/4/2025 Dwyer Instruments, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 7/21/2021 7/21/2027 Eliassen Group, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services SOFR 
 4/14/2022 4/14/2028 Ellkay, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 9/14/2021 9/14/2027 Emergency Communications Network, LLC (2)(3) Telecommunications SOFR , PIK 
 6/1/2017 6/1/2024 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Utilities: Electric LIBOR 
 4/19/2021 4/19/2028 EvolveIP, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Telecommunications SOFR 
 11/26/2019 6/7/2025 Excel Fitness Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14)(15) Leisure Products Services SOFR 
 4/29/2022 4/29/2029 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (2)(3)(14)(15) Capital Equipment SOFR 
 8/12/2022 8/12/2029 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (2) Capital Equipment EURIBOR 
 8/12/2022 8/12/2029 
 86 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets FPG Intermediate Holdco, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Consumer Services SOFR 
 8/5/2022 3/5/2027 Greenhouse Software, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Software SOFR 
 3/1/2021 9/1/2028 Guidehouse LLP (2)(3) Sovereign Public Finance LIBOR 
 9/30/2022 10/16/2028 Hadrian Acquisition Limited (United Kingdom) (2)(3)(7) Diversified Financial Services SONIA , PIK 
 2/28/2022 2/28/2029 Hadrian Acquisition Limited (United Kingdom) (2)(3)(7)(14) Diversified Financial Services SONIA , PIK 
 2/28/2022 2/28/2029 Harbour Benefit Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 12/13/2017 12/13/2024 Heartland Home Services, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 2/10/2022 12/15/2026 Heartland Home Services, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 12/15/2020 12/15/2026 Hercules Borrower LLC (2)(3)(14) Environmental Industries LIBOR 
 12/14/2020 12/14/2026 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 11/25/2020 11/25/2026 Hoosier Intermediate, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 11/15/2021 11/15/2028 HS Spa Holdings Inc. (2)(3)(14) Consumer Services SOFR 
 6/2/2022 6/2/2029 iCIMS, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Software SOFR 
 8/18/2022 8/18/2028 Infront Luxembourg Finance S. R.L. (Luxembourg) (2)(7) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 5/28/2021 5/28/2027 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 12/3/2021 8/27/2025 IQN Holding Corp. (2)(3)(14) Business Services SOFR 
 5/2/2022 5/2/2029 Jeg's Automotive, LLC (2)(3)(14) Automotive LIBOR 
 12/22/2021 12/22/2027 K2 Insurance Services, LLC (2)(3)(14) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 7/3/2019 7/1/2026 Kaseya, Inc. (2)(3)(14) High Tech Industries SOFR 
 6/23/2022 6/23/2029 Lifelong Learner Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 10/18/2019 10/18/2026 LinQuest Corporation (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 7/28/2021 7/28/2028 Liqui-Box Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 6/3/2019 6/3/2024 LVF Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Beverage Food LIBOR 
 6/10/2021 6/10/2027 Material Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services SOFR 
 8/19/2021 8/19/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 6/1/2021 6/1/2027 Medical Manufacturing Technologies, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR 
 12/23/2021 12/23/2027 NEFCO Holding Company LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Construction Building SOFR 
 8/5/2022 8/5/2028 
 87 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets NMI AcquisitionCo, Inc. (2)(3)(14) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 9/6/2017 9/6/2025 North Haven Fairway Buyer, LLC (2)(3)(14) Consumer Services SOFR 
 5/17/2022 5/17/2028 North Haven Stallone Buyer, LLC (2)(3)(14) Consumer Services SOFR 
 10/11/2022 5/24/2027 ) ) Oak Purchaser, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Business Services SOFR 
 4/28/2022 4/28/2028 Performance Health Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 7/12/2021 7/12/2027 PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC (2)(3)(14) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 11/12/2021 11/12/2027 PF Growth Partners, LLC (2)(3) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 7/1/2019 7/11/2025 PPT Management Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(8)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR PIK) 
 12/15/2016 1/31/2023 Project Castle, Inc. (2)(3) Capital Equipment SOFR 
 6/24/2022 6/1/2029 Prophix Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) Software LIBOR 
 2/1/2021 2/1/2026 PXO Holdings I Corp. (2)(3)(14)(15) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber SOFR 
 3/8/2022 3/8/2028 QNNECT, LLC (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense SOFR 
 11/2/2022 11/2/2029 Quantic Electronics, LLC (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 11/19/2020 11/19/2026 Quantic Electronics, LLC (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 3/1/2021 3/1/2027 QW Holding Corporation (2)(3) Environmental Industries LIBOR 
 8/31/2016 8/31/2026 Radwell Parent, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Wholesale SOFR 
 12/1/2022 4/1/2029 Regency Entertainment, Inc. (2)(3) Media: Diversified Production LIBOR 
 5/22/2020 10/22/2025 Riveron Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 5/22/2019 5/22/2025 RSC Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3)(14)(15) Diversified Financial Services SOFR 
 11/1/2019 11/1/2026 Sapphire Convention, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 11/20/2018 11/20/2025 SCP Eye Care HoldCo, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR 
 10/7/2022 10/7/2029 Smarsh Inc. (2)(3)(14) Software SOFR 
 2/18/2022 2/18/2029 SPay, Inc. (2)(3) Leisure Products Services LIBOR , PIK 
 6/15/2018 6/17/2024 Speedstar Holding, LLC (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR 
 1/22/2021 1/22/2027 Spotless Brands, LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Consumer Services SOFR 
 6/21/2022 7/25/2028 Tank Holding Corp. (2)(3)(14)(15) Capital Equipment SOFR 
 3/31/2022 3/31/2028 
 88 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets TCFI Aevex LLC (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 3/18/2020 3/18/2026 The Carlstar Group LLC (2)(3)(14)(15) Automotive SOFR 
 7/8/2022 7/8/2027 TIBCO Software Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries SOFR 
 9/30/2022 3/31/2029 Trader Corporation (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) Automotive CDOR 
 12/22/2022 12/22/2029 C Trafigura Trading LLC (2)(3)(13)(14)(15) Metals Mining SOFR 
 7/26/2021 1/13/2023 Tufin Software North America, Inc. (2)(3)(14)(15) Software SOFR 
 8/17/2022 8/17/2028 Turbo Buyer, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Automotive LIBOR 
 12/2/2019 12/2/2025 U.S. Legal Support, Inc. (2)(3)(14)(15) Business Services SOFR 
 11/30/2018 11/30/2024 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (7) Beverage Food FIXED , PIK 
 9/15/2019 9/15/2026 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (7) Beverage Food FIXED PIK) 
 10/22/2020 9/15/2026 US INFRA SVCS Buyer, LLC (2)(3) Environmental Industries LIBOR , PIK 
 4/13/2020 4/13/2026 USALCO, LLC (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 10/19/2021 10/19/2027 USR Parent Inc. (2)(3) Retail SOFR 
 4/22/2022 4/25/2027 Westfall Technik, Inc. (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber SOFR 
 9/13/2018 9/13/2024 Westfall Technik, Inc. (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber SOFR 
 7/1/2021 9/13/2024 Wineshipping.com LLC (2)(3)(14) Beverage Food LIBOR 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2027 Yellowstone Buyer Acquisition, LLC (2)(3) Consumer Goods: Durable LIBOR 
 9/13/2021 9/13/2027 YLG Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 9/30/2020 11/1/2025 First Lien Debt Total Second Lien Debt of fair value) 
 11852604 Canada Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR PIK) 
 9/30/2021 9/30/2028 AI Convoy S.A.R.L (United Kingdom) (2)(3)(7) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 1/17/2020 1/17/2028 Aimbridge Acquisition Co., Inc. (2) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 2/1/2019 2/1/2027 
 89 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets AP Plastics Acquisition Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2029 AQA Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 3/3/2021 3/3/2029 Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 12/14/2021 4/8/2027 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. (2) Software LIBOR 
 10/3/2018 4/19/2026 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. (2) Energy: Oil Gas LIBOR 
 2/11/2020 7/30/2026 Jazz Acquisition, Inc. (2) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 6/13/2019 6/18/2027 Outcomes Group Holdings, Inc. (2) Business Services LIBOR 
 10/23/2018 10/26/2026 PAI Holdco, Inc. (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR , PIK 
 10/28/2020 10/28/2028 Peraton Corp. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 2/24/2021 2/1/2029 Quartz Holding Company (2) Software LIBOR 
 4/2/2019 4/2/2027 Stonegate Pub Company Bidco Limited (United Kingdom) (2)(7) Beverage Food SONIA 
 3/12/2020 3/12/2028 TruGreen Limited Partnership (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 11/16/2020 11/2/2028 World 50, Inc. (9) Business Services FIXED 
 1/10/2020 1/9/2027 Second Lien Debt Total 
 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Equity Investments of fair value) 
 ANLG Holdings, LLC (6) Capital Equipment 6/22/2018 Appriss Health, LLC (6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 5/6/2021 Atlas Ontario LP (Canada) (6)(7) Business Services 4/7/2021 Avenu Holdings, LLC (6) Sovereign Public Finance 9/28/2018 Blackbird Holdco, Inc. (6) Capital Equipment 12/14/2021 Buckeye Parent, LLC (6) Automotive 12/22/2021 Chartis Holding, LLC (6) Business Services 5/1/2019 CIP Revolution Holdings, LLC (6) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 8/19/2016 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (6)(7) Software 7/2/2019 Derm Growth Partners III, LLC (6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 5/31/2016 Diligent Corporation (6) Telecommunications 4/5/2021 ECP Parent, LLC (6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 3/29/2018 GB Vino Parent, L.P. (6) Beverage Food 10/29/2021 Integrity Marketing Group, LLC (6) Diversified Financial Services 12/21/2021 K2 Insurance Services, LLC (6) Diversified Financial Services 7/3/2019 
 90 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Legacy.com, Inc. (6) High Tech Industries 3/20/2017 NearU Holdings LLC (6) Consumer Services 8/16/2022 NEFCO Holding Company LLC (6) Construction Building 8/5/2022 North Haven Goldfinch Topco, LLC (6) Containers, Packaging Glass 6/18/2018 Pascal Ultimate Holdings, L.P (6) Capital Equipment 7/21/2021 Picard Parent, Inc. (6) High Tech Industries 9/30/2022 Profile Holdings I, LP (6) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 3/8/2022 Sinch AB (Sweden) (6)(7) High Tech Industries 3/26/2019 kr Tailwind HMT Holdings Corp. (6) Energy: Oil Gas 11/17/2017 Talon MidCo 1 Limited (6) Software 8/17/2022 Tank Holding Corp. (6) Capital Equipment 3/26/2019 Titan DI Preferred Holdings, Inc. (6) Energy: Oil Gas 2/11/2020 Turbo Buyer, Inc. (6) Automotive 12/2/2019 U.S. Legal Support Investment Holdings, LLC (6) Business Services 11/30/2018 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (6)(7) Beverage Food 10/22/2020 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (6)(7) Beverage Food 10/22/2020 W50 Parent LLC (6) Business Services 1/10/2020 Zenith American Holding, Inc. (6) Business Services 12/13/2017 Equity Investments Total Total investments non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 Investments non-controlled/affiliated Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Par/ Principal Amount 
 Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net 
 Assets 
 First Lien Debt of fair value) 
 Direct Travel, Inc. (2)(3)(12)(15) Leisure Products Services SOFR 
 10/14/2016 10/1/2025 Direct Travel, Inc. (2)(3)(12)(14)(15) Leisure Products Services SOFR 
 10/1/2020 10/1/2025 First Lien Debt Total 
 91 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/affiliated Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Equity Investments of fair value) 
 Direct Travel, Inc. (6)(12) Leisure Products Services 10/1/2020 Equity Investments Total Total investments non-controlled/affiliated 
 First Lien Debt Total 0 0 0 #DIV/0! 
 
 Investments controlled/affiliated 
 Footnotes Industry 
 Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Par Amount/ LLC Interest 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net 
 Assets 
 Investment Funds of fair value) 
 Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, Member's Interest (7)(10) Investment Funds 
 11/3/2020 12/31/2030 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, Subordinated Loan and Member's Interest (7)(10) Investment Funds 
 2/29/2016 12/31/2024 Middle Market Credit Fund, Mezzanine Loan (2)(7)(9)(10) Investment Funds LIBOR 
 6/30/2016 5/21/2023 Investment Funds Total Total investments controlled/affiliated Total investments 

(1) 
 (2) , the 90-day LIBOR at , the 180-day LIBOR at , the 30-day SOFR at , and the 90-day SOFR at . 
 (3) . 
 (4) 
 92 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 (5) 
 (6) , or of the Company s net assets. 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, Mezzanine Loan Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, Member s Interest ) Total investments controlled/affiliated 
 Investments controlled/affiliated Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Additions/Purchases Reductions/Sales/ Paydowns Net Realized Gain (Loss) Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 Dividend and Interest Income SolAero Technologies Corp. (Priority Term Loan) ) ) SolAero Technologies Corp. (A1 Term Loan) ) SolAero Technologies Corp. (A2 Term Loan) ) Solaero Technology Corp. (Equity) 
 ) Total investments controlled/affiliated ) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 93 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 ) Direct Travel, Inc. ) Direct Travel, Inc. (Equity) Total investments non-controlled/affiliated ) 
 (13) The investment is secured by receivables purchased from the portfolio company, with an implied discount of . The investment was made via a tranched participation arrangement between the purchaser of such receivables and the Company. The investment has a secondary priority behind the rights of such purchaser. 
 (14) 
 ) ADPD Holdings, LLC Revolver ) ADPD Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw ) ADPD Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw ) Advanced Web Technologies Holding Company Revolver ) Advanced Web Technologies Holding Company Delayed Draw ) Airnov, Inc. Revolver ) Alpine Acquisition Corp II Revolver ) American Physician Partners, LLC Delayed Draw ) Analogic Corporation Revolver Applied Technical Services, LLC Revolver Appriss Health, LLC Revolver ) Apptio, Inc. Revolver Ascend Buyer, LLC Revolver ) Associations, Inc. Revolver ) Atlas AU Bidco Pty Ltd (Australia) Revolver ) Avalara, Inc. Revolver ) Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. Delayed Draw ) BlueCat Networks, Inc. (Canada) Delayed Draw ) BlueCat Networks, Inc. (Canada) Delayed Draw ) BMS Holdings III Corp. Delayed Draw ) Bradyifs Holdings, LLC Revolver ) Bradyifs Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw ) Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) Delayed Draw Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) Revolver 
 94 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 ) Celerion Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Chartis Holding, LLC Revolver ) Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) Revolver Comar Holding Company, LLC Revolver ) Cority Software Inc. (Canada) Revolver ) CPI Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw ) CST Holding Company Revolver ) DCA Investment Holding LLC Delayed Draw ) Denali Midco 2, LLC Delayed Draw ) Diligent Corporation Revolver ) Direct Travel, Inc. Delayed Draw Dwyer Instruments, Inc. Revolver ) Dwyer Instruments, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Eliassen Group, LLC Delayed Draw ) Ellkay, LLC Revolver ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Revolver ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw ) EvolveIP, LLC Revolver ) Excel Fitness Holdings, Inc. Revolver ) Excelitas Technologies Corp. Revolver ) Excelitas Technologies Corp. Delayed Draw ) FPG Intermediate Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw ) Greenhouse Software, Inc. Revolver ) Greenhouse Software, Inc. Revolver ) Hadrian Acquisition Limited (United Kingdom) Delayed Draw ) Harbour Benefit Holdings, Inc. Revolver ) Heartland Home Services, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Heartland Home Services, Inc. Revolver ) Hercules Borrower LLC Revolver ) Hoosier Intermediate, LLC Revolver ) HS Spa Holdings Inc. Revolver ) iCIMS, Inc. Revolver ) iCIMS, Inc. Delayed Draw ) IQN Holding Corp. Delayed Draw ) IQN Holding Corp. Revolver ) 
 95 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 ) K2 Insurance Services, LLC Revolver ) Kaseya, Inc. Revolver ) Kaseya, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Lifelong Learner Holdings, LLC Revolver Liqui-Box Holdings, Inc. Revolver LVF Holdings, Inc. Revolver ) LVF Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Material Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw ) Material Holdings, LLC Revolver ) Medical Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Revolver ) Medical Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Delayed Draw ) NEFCO Holding Company LLC Delayed Draw ) NEFCO Holding Company LLC Delayed Draw ) NEFCO Holding Company LLC Revolver ) NMI AcquisitionCo, Inc. Revolver ) North Haven Fairway Buyer, LLC Revolver ) North Haven Stallone Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw ) Oak Purchaser, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Oak Purchaser, Inc. Revolver ) PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC Delayed Draw ) PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC Revolver ) PPT Management Holdings, LLC Revolver ) Prophix Software Inc. (Canada) Revolver PXO Holdings I Corp. Delayed Draw ) PXO Holdings I Corp. Revolver ) QNNECT, LLC Delayed Draw ) Quantic Electronics, LLC Revolver ) Quantic Electronics, LLC Delayed Draw ) Radwell Parent, LLC Revolver ) RSC Acquisition, Inc. Revolver ) RSC Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Sapphire Convention, Inc. Revolver ) SCP Eye Care HoldCo, LLC Revolver SCP Eye Care HoldCo, LLC Delayed Draw ) Smarsh Inc. Revolver ) 
 96 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 ) Spotless Brands, LLC Revolver ) Tank Holding Corp. Revolver ) The Carlstar Group LLC Revolver ) Trader Corporation (Canada) Revolver C ) Trafigura Trading LLC Revolver ) Tufin Software North America, Inc. Revolver ) Tufin Software North America, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Revolver ) U.S. Legal Support, Inc. Delayed Draw ) U.S. Legal Support, Inc. Revolver ) Wineshipping.com LLC Delayed Draw ) Wineshipping.com LLC Revolver ) Total unfunded commitments ) 
 (15) to . 
 97 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Second Lien Debt Equity Investments Investment Funds Total 
 The rate type of debt investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Rate Type Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value of First and Second Lien Debt Floating Rate Fixed Rate Total 
 
 98 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Automotive Beverage Food Business Services Capital Equipment Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Construction Building Consumer Goods: Durable Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Consumer Services Containers, Packaging Glass Diversified Financial Services Energy: Oil Gas Environmental Industries Healthcare Pharmaceuticals High Tech Industries Investment Funds Leisure Products Services Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Media: Diversified Production Metals Mining Retail Software Sovereign Public Finance Telecommunications Transportation: Cargo Utilities: Electric Wholesale Total 
 99 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Canada Cyprus Italy Luxembourg Sweden United Kingdom United States Total 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 100 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets First Lien Debt of fair value) 
 Advanced Web Technologies Holding Company (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 12/17/2020 12/17/2026 Airnov, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 12/20/2019 12/19/2025 Allied Universal Holdco LLC (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 
 2/17/2021 7/10/2026 American Physician Partners, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR , PIK 
 1/7/2019 2/21/2022 Analogic Corporation (2)(3)(14) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 6/22/2018 6/22/2024 Applied Technical Services, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 12/29/2020 12/29/2026 Appriss Health, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 5/6/2021 5/6/2027 Apptio, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Software LIBOR 
 1/10/2019 1/10/2025 Ascend Buyer, LLC (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 9/30/2021 9/30/2028 Associations, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Construction Building LIBOR , PIK 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 Aurora Lux FinCo S. .R.L. (Luxembourg) (2)(3)(7) Software LIBOR 
 12/24/2019 12/24/2026 Avenu Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Sovereign Public Finance LIBOR 
 9/28/2018 9/28/2024 Barnes Noble, Inc. (2)(3)(11) Retail LIBOR 
 8/7/2019 12/20/2026 BlueCat Networks, Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 10/30/2020 10/30/2026 BMS Holdings III Corp. (2)(3)(14) Construction Building LIBOR 
 9/30/2019 9/30/2026 ) ) ) Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) (2)(3)(7)(14) Consumer Goods: Non-Durable LIBOR PIK) 
 10/20/2021 10/20/2028 Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) (2)(3)(7)(14) Consumer Goods: Non-Durable LIBOR 
 10/20/2021 10/20/2028 ) ) Captive Resources Midco, LLC (2)(3)(14) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 6/30/2015 5/31/2027 Chartis Holding, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 5/1/2019 5/1/2025 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) Software LIBOR 
 8/30/2018 8/30/2024 Chudy Group, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 6/30/2021 6/30/2027 CircusTrix Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR , PIK 
 2/2/2018 1/16/2024 CircusTrix Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR , PIK 
 1/8/2021 7/16/2023 Cobblestone Intermediate Holdco LLC (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 1/29/2020 1/29/2026 
 101 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Comar Holding Company, LLC (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 6/18/2018 6/18/2024 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) Software LIBOR 
 7/2/2019 7/2/2026 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7) Software LIBOR 
 9/3/2020 7/2/2026 DCA Investment Holding, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 3/11/2021 3/12/2027 Derm Growth Partners III, LLC (2)(3)(8) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 5/31/2016 5/31/2022 DermaRite Industries, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 3/3/2017 3/3/2022 Designer Brands Inc. (2)(3)(7) Retail LIBOR 
 8/7/2020 8/7/2025 Diligent Corporation (2)(3)(14) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 8/4/2020 8/4/2025 DTI Holdco, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 12/18/2018 9/30/2023 Dwyer Instruments, Inc (2)(3)(14) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 7/21/2021 7/21/2027 Ellkay, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 9/14/2021 9/14/2027 Emergency Communications Network, LLC (2)(3) Telecommunications LIBOR , PIK 
 6/1/2017 6/1/2023 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Utilities: Electric LIBOR 
 4/19/2021 4/19/2028 Ethos Veterinary Health LLC (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 5/17/2019 5/15/2026 EvolveIP, LLC (2)(3)(14) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 11/26/2019 6/7/2025 Frontline Technologies Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Software LIBOR 
 9/18/2017 9/18/2023 Greenhouse Software, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Software LIBOR 
 3/1/2021 3/1/2027 Harbour Benefit Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 12/13/2017 12/13/2024 Heartland Home Services, Inc (2)(3)(14) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 12/15/2020 12/15/2026 Hercules Borrower LLC (2)(3)(14) Environmental Industries LIBOR 
 12/14/2020 12/14/2026 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 11/25/2020 11/25/2026 Hoosier Intermediate, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 11/15/2021 11/15/2028 iCIMS, Inc. (2)(3) Software LIBOR 
 9/12/2018 9/12/2024 Individual FoodService Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14) Wholesale LIBOR 
 2/21/2020 11/22/2025 Infront Luxembourg Finance S. R.L. (Luxembourg) (2)(3)(7) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 
 5/28/2021 5/28/2027 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 1/15/2020 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (2)(3)(14) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 12/3/2021 8/27/2025 ) ) ) 
 102 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Jeg's Automotive, LLC (2)(3)(14) Automotive LIBOR 
 12/22/2021 12/22/2027 K2 Insurance Services, LLC (2)(3)(14) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 7/3/2019 7/1/2026 Kaseya, Inc. (2)(3)(14) High Tech Industries LIBOR , PIK 
 5/3/2019 5/3/2025 Lifelong Learner Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 10/18/2019 10/18/2026 LinQuest Corporation (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 7/28/2021 7/28/2028 Liqui-Box Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 6/3/2019 6/3/2024 LVF Holdings, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Beverage, Food Tobacco LIBOR 
 6/10/2021 6/10/2027 Material Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 8/19/2021 8/19/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 6/1/2021 6/1/2027 Medical Manufacturing Technologies, LLC (2)(3)(14) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR 
 12/23/2021 12/23/2027 MMIT Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(14) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 9/15/2021 9/15/2027 National Technical Systems, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 10/28/2020 6/12/2023 NES Global Talent Finance US, LLC (United Kingdom) (2)(3)(7) Energy: Oil Gas LIBOR 
 5/9/2018 5/11/2023 NMI AcquisitionCo, Inc. (2)(3)(14) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 9/6/2017 9/6/2025 Performance Health Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 7/12/2021 7/12/2027 PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC (2)(3)(14) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 
 11/12/2021 11/12/2027 PF Growth Partners, LLC (2)(3) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 
 7/1/2019 7/11/2025 PPT Management Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR , PIK 
 12/15/2016 12/16/2022 Product Quest Manufacturing, LLC (2)(3)(8) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 9/21/2017 3/31/2021 Prophix Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7)(14) Software LIBOR 
 2/1/2021 2/1/2026 Quantic Electronics, LLC (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 11/19/2020 11/19/2026 Quantic Electronics, LLC (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 3/1/2021 3/1/2027 QW Holding Corporation (2)(3) Environmental Industries LIBOR 
 8/31/2016 8/31/2024 Redwood Services Group, LLC (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 11/13/2018 6/6/2024 Regency Entertainment, Inc. (2)(3) Media: Diversified Production LIBOR 
 5/22/2020 10/22/2025 Riveron Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 5/22/2019 5/22/2025 
 103 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets RSC Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 
 11/1/2019 11/1/2026 Sapphire Convention, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 11/20/2018 11/20/2025 SPay, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR , PIK 
 6/15/2018 6/17/2024 Speedstar Holding, LLC (2)(3)(14) Automotive LIBOR 
 1/22/2021 1/22/2027 Superior Health Linens, LLC (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 9/30/2016 3/31/2022 TCFI Aevex LLC (2)(3)(14) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 3/18/2020 3/18/2026 The Leaders Romans Bidco Limited (United Kingdom) Term Loan B (2)(3)(7) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate SONIA , PIK 
 7/23/2019 6/30/2024 The Leaders Romans Bidco Limited (United Kingdom) Term Loan C (2)(3)(7)(14) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate SONIA , PIK 
 7/23/2019 6/30/2024 Trafigura Trading LLC (2)(3)(13)(14) Metals Mining LIBOR 
 7/26/2021 7/18/2022 Turbo Buyer, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Automotive LIBOR 
 12/2/2019 12/2/2025 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (7) Beverage, Food Tobacco FIXED , PIK 
 9/15/2019 9/15/2026 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (7) Beverage, Food Tobacco FIXED PIK) 
 10/22/2020 9/15/2026 US INFRA SVCS Buyer, LLC (2)(3)(14) Environmental Industries LIBOR 
 4/13/2020 4/13/2026 USALCO, LLC (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 10/19/2021 10/19/2027 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Business Services LIBOR 
 11/30/2018 11/30/2024 Westfall Technik, Inc. (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 9/13/2018 9/13/2024 Westfall Technik, Inc. (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 7/1/2021 9/13/2024 Wineshipping.com LLC (2)(3)(14) Beverage, Food Tobacco LIBOR 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2027 Yellowstone Buyer Acquisition, LLC (2)(3) Consumer Goods: Durable LIBOR 
 9/13/2021 9/13/2027 YLG Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 9/30/2020 11/1/2025 First Lien Debt Total Second Lien Debt of fair value) 
 11852604 Canada Inc. (Canada) (2)(3)(7) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR PIK) 
 9/30/2021 9/30/2028 AI Convoy S.A.R.L (United Kingdom) (2)(3)(7) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 1/17/2020 1/17/2028 Aimbridge Acquisition Co., Inc. (2)(3) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 
 2/1/2019 2/1/2027 
 104 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date Maturity Date Par/ Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets AP Plastics Acquisition Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2029 AQA Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 3/3/2021 3/3/2029 Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (2)(3)(14) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 12/14/2021 4/8/2027 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Software LIBOR 
 10/3/2018 4/19/2026 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Energy: Oil Gas LIBOR 
 2/11/2020 7/30/2026 Jazz Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 6/13/2019 6/18/2027 Outcomes Group Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 
 10/23/2018 10/26/2026 PAI Holdco, Inc. (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR , PIK 
 10/28/2020 10/28/2028 Peraton Corp. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 2/24/2021 2/1/2029 Quartz Holding Company (2)(3) Software LIBOR 
 4/2/2019 4/2/2027 Stonegate Pub Company Bidco Limited (United Kingdom) (2)(3)(7) Beverage, Food Tobacco SONIA 
 3/12/2020 3/12/2028 Tank Holding Corp. (2)(3) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 3/26/2019 3/26/2027 TruGreen Limited Partnership (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 11/16/2020 11/2/2028 Watchfire Enterprises, Inc. (2)(3) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing LIBOR 
 10/2/2013 10/2/2024 World 50, Inc. (9) Business Services FIXED 
 1/10/2020 1/9/2027 WP CPP Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 7/18/2019 4/30/2026 Second Lien Debt Total 
 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Equity Investments of fair value) 
 ANLG Holdings, LLC (6) Capital Equipment 6/22/2018 Appriss Health, LLC (6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 5/6/2021 Atlas Ontario LP (Canada) (6)(7) Business Services 4/7/2021 Avenu Holdings, LLC (6) Sovereign Public Finance 9/28/2018 Blackbird Holdco, Inc. (6) Capital Equipment 12/14/2021 Buckeye Parent, LLC (6) Automotive 12/22/2021 Chartis Holding, LLC (6) Business Services 5/1/2019 CIP Revolution Holdings, LLC (6) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 8/19/2016 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (6) Software 7/2/2019 Derm Growth Partners III, LLC (6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 5/31/2016 Diligent Corporation (6) Telecommunications 4/5/2021 ECP Parent, LLC (6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 3/29/2018 
 105 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net Assets GB Vino Parent, L.P. (6) Beverage, Food Tobacco 10/29/2021 Integrity Marketing Group, LLC (6) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 12/21/2021 K2 Insurance Services, LLC (6) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 7/3/2019 Legacy.com, Inc. (6) High Tech Industries 3/20/2017 Mailgun Technologies, Inc. (6) High Tech Industries 3/26/2019 North Haven Goldfinch Topco, LLC (6) Containers, Packaging Glass 6/18/2018 Pascal Ultimate Holdings, L.P (6) Capital Equipment 7/21/2021 Tailwind HMT Holdings Corp. (6) Energy: Oil Gas 11/17/2017 Tank Holding Corp. (6) Capital Equipment 3/26/2019 Titan DI Preferred Holdings, Inc. (6) Energy: Oil Gas 2/11/2020 Turbo Buyer, Inc. (6) Automotive 12/2/2019 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (6) Beverage, Food Tobacco 10/22/2020 Unifrutti Financing PLC (Cyprus) (6) Beverage, Food Tobacco 10/22/2020 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (6) Business Services 11/30/2018 W50 Parent LLC (6) Business Services 1/10/2020 Zenith American Holding, Inc. (6) Business Services 12/13/2017 Equity Investments Total Total investments non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 Investments non-controlled/affiliated Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Par/ Principal Amount 
 Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net 
 Assets 
 First Lien Debt of fair value) 
 Direct Travel, Inc. (2)(3)(8)(12) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR PIK) 
 10/14/2016 10/1/2023 Direct Travel, Inc. (2)(3)(12)(14) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 
 10/1/2020 10/1/2023 First Lien Debt Total 
 Investments non-controlled/affiliated Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Equity Investments of fair value) 
 Direct Travel, Inc. (6)(12) Hotel, Gaming Leisure 10/1/2020 Equity Investments Total Total investments non-controlled/affiliated 
 106 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Investments controlled/affiliated 
 Footnotes 
 Industry 
 Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Par/ Principal Amount 
 Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair 
 Value (5) 
 of Net 
 Assets 
 First Lien Debt of fair value) 
 SolAero Technologies Corp. (A1 Term Loan) (2)(3)(8)(10) Telecommunications LIBOR PIK) 
 4/12/2019 10/12/2022 SolAero Technologies Corp. (A2 Term Loan) (2)(3)(8)(10) Telecommunications LIBOR PIK) 
 4/12/2019 10/12/2022 SolAero Technologies Corp. (Priority Facilities) (2)(3)(10)(14) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 4/12/2019 10/12/2022 First Lien Debt Total 
 Investments controlled/affiliated Footnotes Industry Acquisition Date Shares/ Units Cost Fair Value (5) 
 of Net Assets Equity Investments of fair value) 
 SolAero Technologies Corp. (Equity) (6)(10) Telecommunications 4/12/2019 Equity Investments Total 
 Investments controlled/affiliated 
 Footnotes Industry 
 Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Acquisition Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Par Amount/ LLC Interest 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (7) 
 of Net 
 Assets 
 Investment Funds of fair value) 
 Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, Member's Interest (7)(10) Investment Funds N/A 11/3/2020 12/31/2030 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, Subordinated Loan and Member's Interest (7)(10) Investment Funds N/A 2/29/2016 12/31/2024 Middle Market Credit Fund, Mezzanine Loan (2)(7)(9)(10) Investment Funds LIBOR 
 6/30/2016 5/21/2022 Investment Funds Total Total investments controlled/affiliated Total investments 

(1) 
 107 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

(2) , the 90-day LIBOR at and the 180-day LIBOR at . 
 (3) . 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) , or of the Company s net assets. 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, Subordinated Loan and Member s Interest 
 ) Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, Member s Interest Total investments controlled/affiliated ) 
 Investments controlled/affiliated Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 Additions/Purchases Reductions/Sales/ Paydowns Net Realized Gain (Loss) Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Dividend and Interest Income SolAero Technologies Corp. (Priority Term Loan) ) ) SolAero Technologies Corp. (A1 Term Loan) SolAero Technologies Corp. (A2 Term Loan) Solaero Technology Corp. (Equity) 
 Total investments controlled/affiliated ) 
 (11) 
 108 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 (12) 
 ) Direct Travel, Inc. Direct Travel, Inc. (Equity) Total investments non-controlled/affiliated ) 
 (13) The investment is secured by receivables purchased from the portfolio company, with an implied discount of . The investment was made via a tranched participation arrangement between the purchaser of such receivables and the Company. The investment has a secondary priority behind the rights of such purchaser. 
 (14) 
 Advanced Web Technologies Holding Company Delayed Draw Advanced Web Technologies Holding Company Revolver Airnov, Inc. Revolver American Physician Partners, LLC Revolver Analogic Corporation Revolver ) Applied Technical Services, LLC Revolver Appriss Health, LLC Revolver Apptio, Inc. Revolver Ascend Buyer, LLC Revolver ) Associations, Inc. Revolver Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. Delayed Draw ) BMS Holdings III Corp. Delayed Draw ) Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) Delayed Draw ) Bubbles Bidco S.P.A. (Italy) Delayed Draw ) Captive Resources Midco, LLC Revolver ) Chartis Holding, LLC Revolver Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) Revolver Chudy Group, LLC Delayed Draw Chudy Group, LLC Revolver Comar Holding Company, LLC Revolver ) Cority Software Inc. (Canada) Revolver ) DCA Investment Holding, LLC Delayed Draw ) 
 109 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 ) Diligent Corporation Delayed Draw Diligent Corporation Revolver Direct Travel, Inc. Delayed Draw Dwyer Instruments, Inc Delayed Draw ) Dwyer Instruments, Inc Revolver ) Ellkay, LLC Revolver ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Revolver EvolveIP, LLC Revolver ) Greenhouse Software, Inc. Revolver ) Harbour Benefit Holdings, Inc. Revolver ) Heartland Home Services, Inc Delayed Draw Heartland Home Services, Inc Revolver Hercules Borrower LLC Revolver Hoosier Intermediate, LLC Revolver ) Individual FoodService Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Individual Foodservice Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Individual FoodService Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Individual FoodService Holdings, LLC Revolver Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw ) Jeg's Automotive, LLC Delayed Draw ) Jeg's Automotive, LLC Revolver ) K2 Insurance Services, LLC Revolver ) Kaseya, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Kaseya, Inc. Revolver ) Lifelong Learner Holdings, LLC Revolver Liqui-Box Holdings, Inc. Revolver ) LVF Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw ) LVF Holdings, Inc. Revolver ) Material Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw ) Material Holdings, LLC Revolver ) Maverick Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Maverick Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw ) Medical Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Delayed Draw ) Medical Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Revolver ) MMIT Holdings, LLC Revolver ) 
 110 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 NMI AcquisitionCo, Inc. Revolver ) PF Atlantic HoldCo 2, LLC Delayed Draw ) PF Atlantic HoldCo 2, LLC Revolver ) Prophix Software Inc. (Canada) Revolver Quantic Electronics, LLC Revolver ) Quantic Electronics, LLC Delayed Draw ) Quantic Electronics, LLC Revolver ) RSC Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw RSC Acquisition, Inc. Revolver Sapphire Convention, Inc. Revolver ) SolAero Technologies Corp. (Priority Facilities) Revolver SolAero Technologies Corp. (Priority Facilities) Revolver Speedstar Holding, LLC Delayed Draw Superior Health Linens, LLC Revolver TCFI Aevex LLC Delayed Draw ) TCFI Aevex LLC Delayed Draw ) The Leaders Romans Bidco Limited (United Kingdom) Delayed Draw Trafigura Trading LLC Revolver ) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Revolver ) US INFRA SVCS Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw ) US INFRA SVCS Buyer, LLC Revolver ) USLS Acquisition, Inc. Revolver ) Wineshipping.com LLC Delayed Draw ) Wineshipping.com LLC Revolver ) Total unfunded commitments ) 
 111 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 As of December 31, 2021, investments at fair value consisted of the following: 
 Type Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Equity Investments Investment Funds Total 
 The rate type of debt investments at fair value as of December 31, 2021 was as follows: 
 Rate Type Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value of First and Second Lien Debt Floating Rate Fixed Rate Total 
 
 112 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 The industry composition of investments at fair value as of December 31, 2021 was as follows: 
 Industry Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value Aerospace Defense Automotive Beverage Food Business Services Capital Equipment Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Construction Building Consumer Goods: Durable Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Consumer Services Containers, Packaging Glass Diversified Financial Services Energy: Oil Gas Environmental Industries Healthcare Pharmaceuticals High Tech Industries Investment Funds Leisure Products Services Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Media: Diversified Production Metals Mining Retail Software Sovereign Public Finance Telecommunications Utilities: Electric Wholesale Total 
 113 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 The geographical composition of investments at fair value as of December 31, 2021 was as follows: 
 Geography Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value Canada Cyprus Italy Luxembourg United Kingdom United States Total 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

shares of its common stock (including shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option on July 5, 2017) at a public offering price of per share. Net of underwriting costs, the Company received cash proceeds of . Shares of common stock of CSL began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CGBD on June 14, 2017. 
 Effective April 12, 2022, the Company changed its name from TCG BDC, Inc. to Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
 Until December 31, 2017, the Company was an emerging growth company, as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. As of June 30, 2017, the market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700,000. Accordingly, the Company ceased to be an emerging growth company as of December 31, 2017. 
 The Company is externally managed by the Investment Adviser, an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 Advisers Act ), as amended. Carlyle Global Credit Administration L.L.C. CGCA or the Administrator provides the administrative services necessary for the Company to operate. Both the Investment Adviser and the Administrator are wholly owned subsidiaries of Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C. CIM ), a subsidiary of The Carlyle Group Inc. Carlyle refers to The Carlyle Group Inc. and its affiliates and its consolidated subsidiaries (other than portfolio companies of its affiliated funds), a global alternative asset manager publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CG . Refer to the sec.gov website for further information on Carlyle. 
 TCG BDC SPV LLC (the SPV is a Delaware limited liability company that was formed on January 3, 2013. Prior to the termination of its senior secured credit facility on December 11, 2020, the SPV invested in first and second lien senior secured loans. The SPV is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and is consolidated in these consolidated financial 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 term debt securitization (the 2015-1 Debt Securitization ). The notes offered in the 2015-1 Debt Securitization (the 2015-1 Notes were issued by Carlyle Direct Lending CLO 2015-1R LLC (formerly known as Carlyle GMS Finance MM CLO 2015-1 LLC) (the 2015-1 Issuer ), a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary of the Company. On August 30, 2018, the 2015-1 Issuer refinanced the 2015-1 Debt Securitization (the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing by redeeming in full the 2015-1 Notes and issuing new notes (the 2015-1R Notes ). The 2015-1R Notes are secured by a diversified portfolio of the 2015-1 Issuer consisting primarily of first and second lien senior secured loans. Refer to Note 8, Notes Payable, for details. The 2015-1 Issuer is consolidated in these consolidated financial statements commencing from the date of its formation, May 8, 2015. 
 On February 29, 2016, the Company and Credit Partners USA LLC Credit Partners entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement, which was subsequently amended on June 24, 2016 and February 22, 2021 (as amended, the Limited Liability Company Agreement to co-manage Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC Credit Fund ). Credit Fund primarily invests in first lien loans of middle market companies. Credit Fund is managed by a six-member board of managers, on which the Company and Credit Partners each have equal representation. The Company and Credit Partners each have economic ownership of Credit Fund and have commitments to fund, from time to time, capital of up to each. Refer to Note 5, Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, for details. 
 On May 5, 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value per share (the "Preferred Stock"), to an affiliate of Carlyle in a private placement at a price of per share. See Note 10, Net Assets, for further information about the Preferred Stock. 
 On November 3, 2020, the Company and Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund ("CCLF"), an investment vehicle managed by Cliffwater LLC, entered into a limited liability company agreement to co-manage Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC ("Credit Fund II"). Credit Fund II invests in senior secured loans of middle market companies. Credit Fund II is managed by a four-member board of managers, on which the Company and CCLF each have equal representation. The Company and CCLF have approximately and economic ownership of Credit Fund II, respectively. The Company contributed certain senior secured debt investments with an aggregate principal balance of approximately million to Credit Fund II in exchange for its economic interest and gross cash proceeds of approximately million. See Note 6, Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, to these consolidated financial statements for details. 
 As a BDC, the Company is required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. As part of these requirements, the Company must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the Investment Company Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of its total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). 
 To qualify as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to its stockholders generally at least 90 of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. Pursuant to this election, the Company generally does not have to pay corporate level taxes on any income that it distributes to stockholders, provided that the Company satisfies those requirements. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

large financial institution and cash held in such financial institution may, at times, exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash balances of and , respectively, which represent amounts that are collected by trustees who have been appointed as custodians of the assets securing certain of the Company's financing transactions, and held for payment of interest expense and principal on the outstanding borrowings, or reinvestment into new assets. 
 and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company earned , , and in PIK income, respectively. In 2022, the Company began presenting PIK income as a separate financial statement line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, which had previously been included in interest income. Prior periods have been conformed to the current presentation. 
 In 2021, the Company separately presented interest receivable from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments, interest receivable from non-controlled/affiliated investments, and interest and dividend receivable from controlled/affiliated investments on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. In 2022, the amounts are presented collectively on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as interest and dividend receivable. There was no change to total net assets as a result of these reclassifications. Prior periods have been conformed to the current presentation. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 , and , respectively, in other income, primarily from amendment, underwriting, and prepayment fees. 
 Non-Accrual Income 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the loans in the portfolio on non-accrual status was and , respectively. The remaining first and second lien debt investments were performing and current on their interest payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Notes due December 31, 2024 (the 2019 Notes ). On December 11, 2020, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Notes due December 31, 2024 (the "2020 Notes, and together with the 2019 Notes, the Senior Notes ). The Credit Facility, the 2015-1R Notes and the Senior Notes are recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value. 
 Deferred financing costs include capitalized expenses related to the closing or amendments of the Credit Facility. Amortization of deferred financing costs for the Credit Facility is computed on the straight-line basis over its term. The unamortized balance of such costs is included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. The amortization of such costs is included in interest expense and credit facility fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Debt issuance costs include capitalized expenses including structuring and arrangement fees related to the offering of the 2015-1R Notes and Senior Notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs for the notes is computed on the effective yield method over the term of the notes. The unamortized balance of such costs is presented as a direct deduction to the carrying amount of the notes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. The amortization of such costs is included in interest expense and credit facility fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In 2021, the Company separately presented secured borrowings, 2015-1R Notes payable, and Senior Notes on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. In 2022, the amounts are presented collectively in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as debt and secured borrowings. There was no change to total net assets as a result of these reclassifications. Prior periods have been conformed to the current presentation. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred , and , respectively, in excise tax expense. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

120 

Table of Contents 

 121 

Table of Contents 

 Second Lien Debt Equity Investments Investment Fund Mezzanine Loan Subordinated Loan and Member's Interest Subtotal Investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Equity Investments Investment Fund Mezzanine Loan Subordinated Loan and Member's Interest Subtotal Investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Amount represents the Company s investment in Credit Fund II. The Company, as a practical expedient, estimates the fair value of this investment using the net asset value of the Company s member s interest in Credit Fund II. As such, the fair value of the Company s investment in Credit Fund II has not been categorized within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases Sales ) ) ) ) Paydowns ) ) ) ) Accretion of discount Net realized gains (losses) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of year Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings related to investments still held at the reporting date included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations ) ) ) ) 
 Financial Assets For the year ended December 31, 2021 First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Equity Investments Investment Fund - Mezzanine Loan Investment Fund - Subordinated Loan Total Balance, beginning of year Purchases Sales ) ) ) ) Paydowns ) ) ) ) ) Accretion of discount Net realized gains (losses) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Balance, end of year Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings related to investments still held at the reporting date included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 The Company generally uses the following framework when determining the fair value of investments that are categorized as Level 3: 
 Investments in debt securities are initially evaluated to determine whether the enterprise value of the portfolio company is greater than the applicable debt. The enterprise value of the portfolio company is estimated using a market approach and an income approach. The market approach utilizes market value (EBITDA) multiples of publicly traded comparable companies and available precedent sales transactions of comparable companies. The Investment Adviser carefully considers numerous factors when selecting the appropriate companies whose multiples are used to value the Company s portfolio companies. These factors include, but are not limited to, the type of organization, similarity to the business being valued, relevant risk factors, as well as size, profitability and growth expectations. The income approach typically uses a discounted cash flow analysis of the portfolio company. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Consensus Pricing Indicative Quotes Income Approach Discount Rate Market Approach Comparable Multiple x x x Total First Lien Debt Investments in Second Lien Debt Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Total Second Lien Debt Investments in Equity Income Approach Discount Rate Market Approach Comparable Multiple x x x Total Equity Investments Investments in Credit Fund Mezzanine Loan Collateral Analysis Recovery Rate Subordinated Loan and Member's Interest Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Discounted Cash Flow Default Rate Discounted Cash Flow Recovery Rate Total Investments in Credit Fund Total Level 3 Investments 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Consensus Pricing Indicative Quotes Income Approach Discount Rate Market Approach Comparable Multiple x x x Total First Lien Debt Investments in Second Lien Debt Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Consensus Pricing Indicative Quotes Total Second Lien Debt Investments in Equities Income Approach Discount Rate Market Approach Comparable Multiple x x x Total Equity Investments Investments in Investment Fund Mezzanine Loan Collateral Analysis Recovery Rate Subordinated Loan Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Discounted Cash Flow Default Rate Discounted Cash Flow Recovery Rate Total Investment Fund Total Level 3 Investments 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s investments in first and second lien debt securities are discount rates, indicative quotes and comparable EBITDA multiples. Significant increases in discount rates in isolation would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant decreases in indicative quotes or comparable EBITDA multiples in isolation may result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s investments in equities are discount rates and comparable EBITDA multiples. Significant increases in discount rates in isolation would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant decreases in comparable EBITDA multiples in isolation would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s investments in the mezzanine loan of Credit Fund are recovery rates of principal and interest. Significant decreases in recovery rates would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s investments in the subordinated loan and member s interest of Credit Fund are discount rates, default rates and recovery rates. Significant increases in the discount rates or default rates in isolation would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. A significant decreases in recovery rates in isolation would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 Financial instruments disclosed but not carried at fair value 
 2019 Notes 2020 Notes Total 
 The carrying values of the secured borrowings generally approximate their respective fair values due to their variable interest rates. Secured borrowings are categorized as Level 3 within the hierarchy. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Aaa/AAA Class A-1-2-R Notes Aaa/AAA Class A-1-3-R Notes AA Class A-2-R Notes A Class B Notes BBB- Class C Notes Total 
 The fair value determination of the Company s notes payable was based on the market quotation(s) received from broker/dealer(s). These fair value measurements were based on significant inputs not observable and thus represent Level 3 measurements as defined in the accounting guidance for fair value measurement. 
 The carrying value of other financial assets and liabilities approximates their fair value based on the short term nature of these items. 
 
 term. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of an assignment and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon at least days written notice to the other party. Subject to the overall supervision of the Board of Directors, the Adviser provides investment advisory services to the Company. For providing these services, the Adviser receives fees from the Company consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. 
 The Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters; provided, however, the Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of of the Company s gross assets as of the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters that exceeds the product of (A) 200 and (B) the average value of the Company s net asset value at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. Gross assets is determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, includes assets acquired through the incurrence of debt (see Note 7, Borrowings, and Note 8, Notes Payable), and excludes cash and any temporary investments in cash-equivalents. For purposes of this calculation, cash and cash equivalent includes U.S. government securities and other high-quality investment grade debt investments that mature in 12 months or less from the date of investment. The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears, will be appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during such the applicable fiscal quarters, and will be appropriately pro-rated for any partial month or quarter. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 per quarter annualized) or a catch-up rate of per quarter annualized), as applicable. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company pays its Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to its pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 no incentive fee based on pre-incentive fee net investment income in any calendar quarter in which its pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of ; 
 of pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than in any calendar quarter annualized). The Company refers to this portion of the pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with approximately of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter; and 
 of the amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter annualized) will be payable to the Investment Adviser. This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, of all pre-incentive fee investment income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser. 
 The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the date of determination, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees, provided that, the incentive fee determined at the end of the first calendar year of operations may be calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation. 
 Incentive fees on pre-incentive fee net investment income Realized capital gains incentive fees Accrued capital gains incentive fees Total capital gains incentive fees Total incentive fees Total base management fees and incentive fees 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, was included in base management and incentive fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 On April 3, 2013, the Investment Adviser entered into a personnel agreement with The Carlyle Group Employee Co., L.L.C. Carlyle Employee Co. ), an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which Carlyle Employee Co. provides the Investment Adviser with access to investment professionals. 
 Administration Agreement 
 On April 3, 2013, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides services and receives reimbursements equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for its costs and expenses and the Company s allocable portion of overhead incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the Company s allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by the Company s officers (including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Treasurer) and respective staff who provide services to the Company, operations staff who provide services to the Company, and any internal audit staff, to the extent internal audit performs a role in the Company s Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), internal control assessment. Reimbursement under the Administration Agreement occurs quarterly in arrears. 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Administration Agreement will renew automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board of Directors or by a majority vote of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Directors. On May 9, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, approved the continuance of the Administration Agreement for a period. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon at least days written notice to the other party. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred , and , respectively, in fees under the Administrative Agreement, which were included in administrative service fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, was unpaid and included in administrative service fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Sub-Administration Agreements 
 On April 3, 2013, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement with Carlyle Employee Co. (the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement ). Pursuant to the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement, Carlyle Employee Co. provides the Administrator with access to personnel. 
 On April 3, 2013, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company State Street and, such agreement, the "State Street Sub-Administration Agreement and, together with the Carlyle Sub-Administration Agreement, the Sub-Administration Agreements ). Unless terminated earlier, the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement renews automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board of Directors or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Directors. On May 9, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, approved the continuance of the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement for a period. The State Street Sub-Administration Agreement may be terminated upon at least days written notice and without penalty by the vote of a majority of the outstanding securities of the Company, or by the vote of the Board of Directors or by either party to the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, fees incurred in connection with the State Street Sub-Administration Agreement, which amounted to , and , respectively, were included in other general and administrative in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 , respectively, was unpaid and included in other accrued expenses and liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 License Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a royalty free license agreement with CIM, which wholly owns the Investment Adviser and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Carlyle, pursuant to which CIM has granted the Company a non-exclusive, revocable and non-transferable license to use the name and mark Carlyle. 
 Board of Directors 
 The Company s Board of Directors currently consists of seven members, four of whom are Independent Directors. The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Pricing Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee, the members of each of which consist entirely of the Company s Independent Directors. The Board of Directors may establish additional committees in the future. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred , and , respectively, in fees and expenses associated with its Independent Directors' services on the Company's Board of Directors and its committees. As of December 31, 2022, fees or expenses associated with its Independent Directors were payable. As of December 31, 2021, in fees or expenses associated with its Independent Directors were payable, and included in other accrued expenses and liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Transactions with Investment Funds 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold , and investments, respectively, to Credit Fund for proceeds of , and , respectively, and realized gains (losses) of ), and ), respectively. See Note 5, Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC, to these consolidated financial statements. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold investments to Credit Fund II for proceeds of and realized (losses) of ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold investments to Credit Fund II for proceeds of and realized gains of . The Company did sell any investments to Credit Fund II during the years ended December 31, 2020. On November 3, 2020, pursuant to a contribution agreement by and between the Company and Credit Fund II, the Company contributed senior secured debt investments with an aggregate principal balance of approximately million to Credit Fund II in exchange for approximately of Credit Fund II s membership interests and gross cash proceeds of approximately million. There were no subsequent transfers through December 31, 2020. See Note 6, Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC, for further information about Credit Fund II. 
 Transactions with Carlyle 
 On May 5, 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of the cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value per share, to an affiliate of Carlyle in a private placement at a price of per share (the Preferred Stock ). See Note 10, Net Assets, for further information about the Preferred Stock. 
 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes. See Note 8, Notes Payable, for further information about the 2020 Notes. 
 
 economic ownership of Credit Fund and have commitments to fund, from time to time, capital of up to each. Funding of such commitments generally requires the approval of the board of Credit Fund, 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 and in members equity, respectively, and and in subordinated loans, respectively, to Credit Fund. On May 25, 2021, the Company and Credit Partners received an aggregate return of capital on the subordinated loans of , of which the Company received . 
 and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS EQUITY Secured borrowings Other liabilities Subordinated loans and members equity (2) 
 Total liabilities and members equity 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of Credit Fund s cash and cash equivalents was restricted. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company's ownership interest in the subordinated loans and members' equity was and , respectively. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Expenses Interest and credit facility expenses Other expenses Total expenses Net investment income (loss) Net realized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) Net increase in members equity resulting from operations 
 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on amortized cost (2) 
 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on fair value (2) 
 Number of portfolio companies in Credit Fund Average amount per portfolio company (1) 
 Number of loans on non-accrual status Percentage of portfolio at floating interest rates (3)(4) 
 Fair value of loans with PIK provisions Percentage of portfolio with PIK provisions (4) 
 
 (1) At par/principal amount. 
 (2) Weighted average yields include the effect of accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums and are based on interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at fair value is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at fair value included in such securities. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at amortized cost is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at amortized cost included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 (3) Floating rate debt investments are generally subject to interest rate floors. 
 (4) Percentages based on fair value. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 of fair value) 
 ACR Group Borrower, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 3/31/2028 Acrisure, LLC + (2) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 2/13/2027 Alpine Acquisition Corp II + (2)(3)(6) Transportation: Cargo SOFR 
 11/30/2026 Analogic Corporation + (2)(3)(7) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 6/22/2024 Anchor Packaging, Inc. + (2) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 7/18/2026 API Technologies Corp. + (2) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 5/9/2026 Aptean, Inc. + (2)(6) Software SOFR 
 4/23/2026 Avalign Technologies, Inc. + (2)(6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR 
 12/22/2025 BMS Holdings III Corp. + (2)(3) Construction Building LIBOR 
 9/30/2026 Chartis Holding, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Business Services LIBOR 
 5/1/2025 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) + (2)(3)(6) (7) Software SOFR 
 8/30/2024 Diligent Corporation + (2)(3)(7) Telecommunications LIBOR 
 8/4/2025 Divisions Holding Corporation + (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 
 5/27/2028 DTI Holdco, Inc. + (2)(3) High Tech Industries SOFR 
 4/26/2029 Eliassen Group, LLC + (2)(3) Business Services SOFR 
 4/14/2028 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Utilities: Electric LIBOR 
 4/19/2028 EvolveIP, LLC + (2)(3)(6) (7) Telecommunications SOFR 
 6/7/2025 Exactech, Inc. + (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 2/14/2025 GSM Acquisition Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Leisure Products Services SOFR 
 11/16/2026 Heartland Home Services, Inc. + (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 12/15/2026 Heartland Home Services, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Consumer Services LIBOR 
 12/15/2026 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 11/25/2026 HMT Holding Inc. + (2)(3)(6) (7) Energy: Oil Gas SOFR 
 11/17/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 8/27/2025 Jensen Hughes, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Utilities: Electric LIBOR 
 3/22/2024 K2 Insurance Services, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 7/1/2026 KAMC Holdings, Inc. + (2) Energy: Electricity LIBOR 
 8/14/2026 KBP Investments, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Beverage Food SOFR , PIK 
 5/25/2027 Odyssey Logistics Technology Corp. + (2)(3) Transportation: Cargo LIBOR 
 10/12/2024 Output Services Group + (2)(3) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing SOFR , PIK 
 6/27/2026 PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC + (2)(3) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 11/12/2027 Premise Health Holding Corp. + (2) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 7/10/2025 
 132 

Table of Contents 

8/31/2026 Radiology Partners, Inc. + (2) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 7/9/2025 RevSpring Inc. + (2) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing LIBOR 
 10/11/2025 Riveron Acquisition Holdings, Inc. + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 5/22/2025 Striper Buyer, LLC + (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 12/30/2026 Tank Holding Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Capital Equipment SOFR 
 3/31/2028 Turbo Buyer, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Automotive LIBOR 
 12/2/2025 U.S. TelePacific Holdings Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Telecommunications SOFR , PIK 
 5/2/2026 USALCO, LLC + (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 10/19/2027 VRC Companies, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Business Services LIBOR 
 6/29/2027 Welocalize, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Business Services LIBOR 
 12/23/2024 WRE Holding Corp. + (2)(3)(6) (7) Environmental Industries SOFR 
 1/3/2025 Yellowstone Buyer Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Consumer Goods: Durable LIBOR 
 9/13/2027 First Lien Debt Total Equity Investments of fair value) 
 DBI Holding, LLC Transportation: Cargo DBI Holding, LLC Transportation: Cargo Equity Investments Total Total Investments 
 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund. Credit Fund has entered into a revolving credit facility (the "Credit Fund Facility"). Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund Sub. 
 + Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund Sub. Credit Fund Sub has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Sub Facility ). The lenders of the Credit Fund Sub Facility have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of Credit Fund Sub. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund. 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of investments held by Credit Fund are domiciled in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the geographical composition of investments as a percentage of fair value was in Canada and in the United States. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR, SOFR or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate), which generally resets quarterly. For each such loan, Credit Fund has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the reference rates for Credit Fund's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at , the 90-day LIBOR at , the 180-day LIBOR at , the 30-day SOFR at , and the 90-day SOFR at . 
 (3) Loan includes interest rate floor feature, which is generally . 
 (4) Amortized cost represents original cost, including origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts/premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 (5) Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of managers of Credit Fund, pursuant to Credit Fund s valuation policy, with the fair value of all investments determined using significant unobservable inputs, which is substantially similar to the valuation policy of the Company provided in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements, to these consolidated financial statements. 
 (6) Loans include a credit spread adjustment that ranges from to . 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 ) Analogic Corporation Revolver ) Chartis Holding, LLC Revolver ) Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) Revolver ) Diligent Corporation Revolver ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Revolver ) EvolveIP, LLC Revolver ) Heartland Home Services, Inc. Revolver ) HMT Holding Inc. Revolver ) Jensen Hughes, Inc. Revolver ) K2 Insurance Services, LLC Revolver ) KBP Investments, LLC Delayed Draw ) QW Holding Corporation Revolver ) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Revolver ) VRC Companies, LLC Revolver ) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver ) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver ) WRE Holding Corp. Revolver ) Total unfunded commitments ) 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 of fair value) 
 ACR Group Borrower, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 3/31/2028 Acrisure, LLC +# (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 2/13/2027 Acrisure, LLC + (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 2/13/2027 Analogic Corporation + (2)(3)(6) Capital Equipment LIBOR 6/22/2024 Anchor Packaging, Inc. +# (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 7/18/2026 API Technologies Corp. +# (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 5/9/2026 Aptean, Inc. +# (2)(3) Software LIBOR 4/23/2026 Avalign Technologies, Inc. +# (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 12/22/2025 Avenu Holdings, LLC + (2)(3) Sovereign Public Finance LIBOR 9/28/2024 BMS Holdings III Corp. + (2)(3) Construction Building LIBOR 9/30/2026 Chartis Holding, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Business Services LIBOR 5/1/2025 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) + (2)(3)(6) Software LIBOR 8/30/2024 Chudy Group, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 6/30/2027 Diligent Corporation + (2)(3)(6) Telecommunications LIBOR 8/4/2025 Divisions Holding Corporation +# (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 5/27/2028 DTI Holdco, Inc. + (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 9/30/2023 Eliassen Group, LLC + (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 11/5/2024 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Utilities: Electric LIBOR 4/19/2028 EvolveIP, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Telecommunications LIBOR 6/7/2025 Exactech, Inc. +# (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 2/14/2025 Excel Fitness Holdings, Inc. +# (2)(3) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 10/7/2025 Frontline Technologies Holdings, LLC + (2)(3) Software LIBOR 9/18/2023 GSM Acquisition Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Hotel, Gaming Leisure LIBOR 11/16/2026 Heartland Home Services, Inc + (2)(3)(6) Consumer Services LIBOR 12/15/2026 HMT Holding Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Energy: Oil Gas LIBOR 11/17/2023 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 8/27/2025 Jensen Hughes, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Utilities: Electric LIBOR 3/22/2024 K2 Insurance Services, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 7/1/2026 KAMC Holdings, Inc. +# (2)(3) Energy: Electricity LIBOR 8/14/2026 KBP Investments, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Beverage, Food Tobacco LIBOR 5/25/2027 Odyssey Logistics Technology Corp. +# (2)(3) Transportation: Cargo LIBOR 10/12/2024 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 3/27/2024 Premise Health Holding Corp. +# (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 7/10/2025 Q Holding Company +# (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR 12/31/2023 QW Holding Corporation + (2)(3)(6) Environmental Industries LIBOR 8/31/2024 Radiology Partners, Inc. +# (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 7/9/2025 RevSpring Inc. +# (2)(3) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing LIBOR 10/11/2025 Striper Buyer, LLC + (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 12/30/2026 Turbo Buyer, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Automotive LIBOR 12/2/2025 U.S. TelePacific Holdings Corp. + (2)(3) Telecommunications LIBOR 5/2/2023 USALCO, LLC + (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 10/19/2027 VRC Companies, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Business Services LIBOR 6/29/2027 Welocalize, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Business Services LIBOR 12/23/2024 WRE Holding Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Environmental Industries SOFR 1/3/2025 Yellowstone Buyer Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Consumer Goods: Durable LIBOR 9/13/2027 First Lien Debt Total Equity Investments of fair value) 
 DBI Holding, LLC Transportation: Cargo DBI Holding, LLC Transportation: Cargo Equity Investments Total Total Investments 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund. Credit Fund has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Facility ). Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund Sub or Credit Fund Warehouse II. 
 + Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund Sub. Credit Fund Sub has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Sub Facility ). The lenders of the Credit Fund Sub Facility have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of Credit Fund Sub. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund or Credit Fund Warehouse II. 
 # Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by the Credit Fund Warehouse II. Credit Fund Warehouse II has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility ). The lenders of the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Credit Fund Warehouse II. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund or Credit Fund Sub. 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of investments held by Credit Fund are domiciled in the United States. As of December 31, 2021, the geographical composition of investments as a percentage of fair value was in Canada and in the United States. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate), which generally resets quarterly. For each such loan, Credit Fund has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the reference rates for Credit Fund's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at , the 90-day LIBOR at and the 180-day LIBOR at . 
 (3) Loan includes interest rate floor feature, which is generally . 
 (4) Amortized cost represents original cost, including origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts/premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 (5) Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of managers of Credit Fund, pursuant to Credit Fund s valuation policy, with the fair value of all investments determined using significant unobservable inputs, which is substantially similar to the valuation policy of the Company provided in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements, to these consolidated financial statements. 
 (6) As of December 31, 2021, Credit Fund and Credit Fund Sub had the following unfunded commitments to fund delayed draw and revolving senior secured loans: 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Analogic Corporation Revolver ) Chartis Holding, LLC Revolver Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) Revolver ) Chudy Group, LLC Delayed Draw Chudy Group, LLC Revolver Diligent Corporation Delayed Draw Diligent Corporation Revolver EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw ) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Revolver ) EvolveIP, LLC Revolver ) GSM Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw ) Heartland Home Services, Inc Revolver HMT Holding Inc. Revolver ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw ) Jensen Hughes, Inc. Revolver ) K2 Insurance Services, LLC Revolver ) KBP Investments, LLC Delayed Draw ) KBP Investments, LLC Delayed Draw ) QW Holding Corporation Delayed Draw ) QW Holding Corporation Revolver ) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Revolver ) VRC Companies, LLC Delayed Draw ) VRC Companies, LLC Revolver ) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver ) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver ) WRE Holding Corp. Revolver ) Total unfunded commitments ) 
 
 Debt 
 The Credit Fund, Credit Fund Sub and Credit Fund Warehouse II are party to separate credit facilities as described below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund, Credit Fund Sub, and Credit Fund Warehouse II were in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of their respective credit facility agreements. 
 Borrowings Repayments ) ) Outstanding balance as of December 31, 2021 Borrowings Repayments ) ) Outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Credit Fund Facility. On June 24, 2016, Credit Fund closed on the Credit Fund Facility, which was subsequently amended on June 5, 2017, October 2, 2017, November 3, 2017, June 22, 2018, June 29, 2018, February 21, 2019, March 20, 2020, February 22, 2021 and May 19, 2022, pursuant to which Credit Fund may from time to time request mezzanine loans from CSL. The maximum principal amount of the Credit Fund Facility is , subject to availability under the Credit Fund Facility, which is based on certain advance rates multiplied by the value of Credit Fund s portfolio investments net of certain other indebtedness that Credit Fund may incur in accordance with the terms of the Credit Fund Facility. Proceeds of the 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 and such interest payments are made quarterly. The availability period under the Credit Fund Facility will terminate on May 21, 2023, which is also its maturity date upon which Credit Fund is obligated to repay any outstanding borrowings. 
 Credit Fund Sub Facility. On June 24, 2016, Credit Fund Sub closed on the Credit Fund Sub Facility with lenders, which was subsequently amended on May 31, 2017, October 27, 2017, August 24, 2018, December 12, 2019, March 11, 2020, May 3, 2021, and May 3, 2022. The Credit Fund Sub Facility provides for secured borrowings during the applicable revolving period up to an amount equal to (the borrowing base as calculated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Fund Sub Facility). The aggregate maximum credit commitment can be increased up to an amount not to exceed , subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Credit Fund Sub Facility, including adequate collateral to support such borrowings. The Credit Fund Sub Facility has a revolving period through May 23, 2023 and a maturity date of May 23, 2025, which may be extended by mutual agreement of the parties to the Credit Fund Sub Facility. Borrowings under the Credit Fund Sub Facility bear interest initially at the applicable commercial paper rate (if the lender is a conduit lender) or SOFR plus . The Credit Fund Sub is also required to pay an undrawn commitment fee of between and per year depending on the usage of the Credit Fund Sub Facility. Payments under the Credit Fund Sub Facility are made quarterly. Subject to certain exceptions, the Facility is secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Credit Fund Sub. 
 Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility . On August 16, 2019, Credit Fund Warehouse II closed on a revolving credit facility (the "Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility") with lenders. The Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility provided for secured borrowings during the applicable revolving period up to an amount equal to . The Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility was secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility. The maturity date of the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility was August 16, 2022 and Credit Fund Warehouse II repaid all outstanding amounts on June 28, 2022. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility during the first 12 months bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus , and amounts borrowed in the second 12 months bore interest at LIBOR plus . Other amounts borrowed under the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus . 
 2019-2 Notes 
 On May 21, 2019, Credit Fund completed the 2019-2 Debt Securitization. The notes offered in the 2019-2 Debt Securitization (the 2019-2 Notes were issued by the 2019-2 Issuer, a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary of Credit Fund, and were secured by a diversified portfolio of the 2019-2 Issuer consisting primarily of first and second lien senior secured loans. The 2019-2 Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of the 2019-2 Notes, consisting of: 
 of Aaa/AAA Class A-1 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; 
 of Aa2/AA Class A-2 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; 
 of A2/A Class B Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; 
 of Baa2/BBB- Class C Notes which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; and 
 of Ba2/BB- Class D Notes which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus . 
 The 2019-2 Notes were scheduled to mature on April 15, 2029. Credit Fund received of the preferred interests issued by the 2019-2 Issuer (the 2019-2 Issuer Preferred Interests on the closing date of the 2019-2 Debt Securitization in exchange for Credit Fund s contribution to the 2019-2 Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio. The 2019-2 Issuer Preferred Interests did not bear interest and had a nominal value of at closing. 
 The 2019-2 Notes were fully redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of the redemption date and December 31, 2021, the 2019-2 Issuer was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of the indenture. 

138 

Table of Contents 

 and economic ownership of Credit Fund II, respectively. By virtue of its membership interest, each of the Company and CCLF indirectly bears an allocable share of all expenses and other obligations of Credit Fund II. 
 Credit Fund II's initial portfolio consists of senior secured loans of middle market companies with an aggregate principal balance of approximately million. Credit Fund II's initial portfolio was funded on November 3, 2020 with existing senior secured debt investments contributed by the Company and as part of the transaction, the Company determined that the contribution met the requirements under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing . 
 Credit Fund II is expected to make only limited new investments in senior secured loans of middle market companies. Portfolio and investment decisions with respect to Credit Fund II must be unanimously approved by a quorum of Credit Fund II s board members consisting of at least one of the Company's representatives and one of CCLF's representatives. Therefore, although the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities of Credit Fund II, the Company does not believe that it has control over Credit Fund (other than for purposes of the Investment Company Act). 
 Middle Market Credit Fund II SPV, LLC Credit Fund II Sub ), a Delaware limited liability company, was formed on September 4, 2020. Credit Fund II Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Fund II and is consolidated in Credit Fund II s consolidated financial statements commencing from the date of its formation. Credit Fund II Sub primarily holds investments in first lien loans of middle market companies, which are pledged as security for the Credit Fund II Senior Notes (see below). 
 Credit Fund II, the Company and CCLF entered into an administration agreement with Carlyle Global Credit Administration L.L.C., the administrative agent of Credit Fund II (in such capacity, the Credit Fund II Administrative Agent ), pursuant to which the Credit Fund II Administrative Agent is delegated certain administrative and non-discretionary functions, is authorized to enter into sub-administration agreements at the expense of Credit Fund II with the approval of the board of managers of Credit Fund II, and is reimbursed by Credit Fund II for its costs and expenses and Credit Fund II s allocable portion of overhead incurred by the Credit Fund II Administrative Agent in performing its obligations thereunder. 
 Credit Fund II Senior Notes 
 On November 3, 2020 and as amended on December 29, 2021 and June 30, 2022, Credit Fund II Sub closed on the Credit Fund II Senior Notes (the Credit Fund II Senior Notes with lenders. The Credit Fund II Senior Notes provides for secured borrowings totaling with tranches, A-1 and A-2 outstanding. The facility is secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by Credit Fund II Sub. The maturity date of the Credit Fund II Senior Notes Sub Facility is November 3, 2030. Amounts issued for the Class A-1 notes totaled and bear interest at a rate of Term SOFR plus (LIBOR plus prior to the June 30, 2022 amendment), and amounts issued for the Class A-2 notes totaled and bear interest at Term SOFR plus (LIBOR plus prior to the June 30, 2022 amendment). The A-1 Notes were rated AAA, and the A-2 Notes were rated AA by DBRS Morningstar. The terms of the Credit Fund II Senior Notes provide that as loans pay down, up to is available from principal proceeds for reinvestment prior to the June 30, 2022 amendment), and then the investment principal proceeds are used to directly pay down the principal balance on the Credit Fund II Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund II Sub was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of its respective credit agreements. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 Since inception of Credit Fund II and through December 31, 2022, the Company and CCLF each made capital contributions of and in members equity, respectively, to Credit Fund II. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS EQUITY Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively 
 Other liabilities Total members' equity (2) 
 Total liabilities and members equity 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of Credit Fund II s cash and cash equivalents was restricted. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of Company's ownership interest in the members' equity was and , respectively. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total investment income Expenses Interest and credit facility expenses Other expenses Total expenses Net investment income (loss) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) ) Net increase in members equity resulting from operations 
 Below is a summary of Credit Fund II s portfolio, followed by a listing of the loans in Credit Fund II s portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Senior secured loans (1) 
 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on amortized cost (2) 
 Weighted average yields of senior secured loans based on fair value (2) 
 Number of portfolio companies in Credit Fund II Average amount per portfolio company (1) 
 Number of loans on non-accrual status Percentage of portfolio at floating interest rates (3)(4) 
 Percentage of portfolio at fixed interest rates (4) 
 Fair value of loans with PIK provisions Percentage of portfolio with PIK provisions (4) 
 
 (1) At par/principal amount. 
 (2) Weighted average yields include the effect of accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums and are based on interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at fair value is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and second lien debt at fair value included in such securities. Weighted average yield on debt and income producing securities at amortized cost is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of OID and market discount earned on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total first lien and 
 140 

Table of Contents 

141 

Table of Contents 

of fair value) 
 Airnov, Inc. (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 12/19/2025 Alpine Acquisition Corp II (2)(3)(7) Transportation: Cargo SOFR 
 11/30/2026 American Physician Partners, LLC (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals SOFR , PIK 
 2/15/2023 Appriss Health, LLC (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 5/6/2027 Apptio, Inc. (2)(3) Software LIBOR 
 1/10/2025 Ascend Buyer, LLC (2)(3)(7) Containers, Packaging Glass SOFR 
 9/30/2028 Aurora Lux FinCo S. .R.L. (Luxembourg) (2)(3) Software LIBOR 
 12/24/2026 BMS Holdings III Corp. (2)(3) Construction Building LIBOR 
 9/30/2026 Chartis Holding, LLC (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 
 5/1/2025 Comar Holding Company, LLC (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 
 6/18/2024 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3) Software SOFR 
 7/2/2026 Dwyer Instruments, Inc. (2)(3) Capital Equipment LIBOR 
 7/21/2027 EvolveIP, LLC (2)(3)(7) Telecommunications SOFR 
 6/7/2025 Harbour Benefit Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 
 12/13/2024 Hoosier Intermediate, LLC (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 
 11/15/2028 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 8/27/2025 K2 Insurance Services, LLC (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 7/1/2026 Material Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Business Services SOFR 
 8/19/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 6/1/2027 NMI AcquisitionCo, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 9/6/2025 PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC (2)(3) Leisure Products Services LIBOR 
 11/12/2027 QW Holding Corporation (2)(3) Environmental Industries LIBOR 
 8/31/2026 Riveron Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 
 5/22/2025 RSC Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3)(7) Diversified Financial Services SOFR 
 11/1/2026 TCFI Aevex LLC (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 
 3/18/2026 Turbo Buyer, Inc. (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR 
 12/2/2025 U.S. Legal Support, Inc. (2)(3)(7) Business Services SOFR 
 11/30/2024 US INFRA SVCS Buyer, LLC (2)(3) Environmental Industries LIBOR , PIK 
 4/13/2026 Westfall Technik, Inc. (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber SOFR 
 9/13/2024 Wineshipping.com LLC (2)(3) Beverage Food LIBOR 
 10/29/2027 First Lien Debt Total 
 Second Lien Debt of fair value) 
 
 142 

Table of Contents 

1/17/2028 AP Plastics Acquisition Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 
 8/10/2029 AQA Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 
 3/3/2029 Quartz Holding Company (2) Software LIBOR 
 4/2/2027 World 50, Inc. (6) Business Services FIXED 
 1/9/2027 Second Lien Debt Total 
 Total Investments 
 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund II Sub. Credit Fund II Sub has entered into the Credit Fund II Sub Notes. The lenders of the Credit Fund II Sub Notes have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of Credit Fund II Sub. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund II. 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of investments held by Credit Fund are domiciled in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the geographical composition of investments as a percentage of fair value was in Canada, in Luxembourg, in the United Kingdom and in the United States. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR, SOFR or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate), which generally resets quarterly. For each such loan, Credit Fund II has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the reference rates for Credit Fund II's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at , the 90-day LIBOR at , the 180-day LIBOR at , the 30-day SOFR at , and the 90-day SOFR at . 
 (3) Loan includes interest rate floor feature, which is generally . 
 (4) Amortized cost represents original cost, including origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts/premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 (5) Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of managers of Credit Fund II, pursuant to Credit Fund II s valuation policy, with the fair value of all investments determined using significant unobservable inputs, which is substantially similar to the valuation policy of the Company provided in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements, to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (6) Represents a corporate mezzanine loan, which is subordinated to senior secured term loans of the portfolio company . 
 (7) Loans include a credit spread adjustment that ranges from to . 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 

of fair value) 
 Airnov, Inc. (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 12/19/2025 American Physician Partners, LLC (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR , PIK 
 2/21/2022 Appriss Health, LLC (2)(3) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 5/6/2027 Apptio, Inc. (2)(3) Software LIBOR 1/10/2025 Aurora Lux FinCo S. .R.L. (Luxembourg) (2)(3) Software LIBOR 12/24/2026 Avenu Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Sovereign Public Finance LIBOR 9/28/2024 BMS Holdings III Corp. (2)(3) Construction Building LIBOR 9/30/2026 Captive Resources Midco, LLC (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 5/31/2027 Chartis Holding, LLC (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 5/1/2025 Comar Holding Company, LLC (2)(3) Containers, Packaging Glass LIBOR 6/18/2024 Cority Software Inc. (Canada) (2)(3) Software LIBOR 7/2/2026 Dwyer Instruments, Inc (2)(3) Capital Equipment LIBOR 7/21/2027 Ethos Veterinary Health LLC (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 5/15/2026 EvolveIP, LLC (2)(3) Telecommunications LIBOR 6/7/2025 Harbour Benefit Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 12/13/2024 K2 Insurance Services, LLC (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 7/1/2026 Kaseya, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR , PIK 
 5/3/2025 Material Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 8/19/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 6/1/2027 National Technical Systems, Inc. (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 6/12/2023 NMI AcquisitionCo, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 9/6/2025 Redwood Services Group, LLC (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 6/6/2024 Riveron Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 5/22/2025 RSC Acquisition, Inc. (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate LIBOR 11/1/2026 Superior Health Linens, LLC (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 3/31/2022 TCFI Aevex LLC (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 3/18/2026 Turbo Buyer, Inc. (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR 12/2/2025 US INFRA SVCS Buyer, LLC (2)(3) Environmental Industries LIBOR 4/13/2026 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 11/30/2024 Westfall Technik, Inc. (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 9/13/2024 First Lien Debt Total Second Lien Debt of fair value) 
 AI Convoy S.A.R.L (United Kingdom) (2)(3) Aerospace Defense LIBOR 1/17/2028 AP Plastics Acquisition Holdings, LLC (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber LIBOR 8/10/2029 AQA Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 3/3/2029 Quartz Holding Company (2)(3) Software LIBOR 4/2/2027 Tank Holding Corp. (2)(3) Capital Equipment LIBOR 3/26/2027 World 50, Inc. (6) Business Services FIXED 1/9/2027 Second Lien Debt Total Total Investments 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund II Sub. Credit Fund II Sub has entered into the Credit Fund II Sub Notes. The lenders of the Credit Fund II Sub Notes have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of Credit Fund II Sub. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund II. 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of investments held by Credit Fund are domiciled in the United States. As of December 31, 2021, the geographical composition of investments as a percentage of fair value was in Canada, in Luxembourg, in the United Kingdom and in the United States. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate), which generally resets quarterly. For each such loan, Credit Fund II has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the reference rates for Credit Fund II's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at , the 90-day LIBOR at and the 180-day LIBOR at . 
 (3) Loan includes interest rate floor feature, which is generally . 
 (4) Amortized cost represents original cost, including origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts/premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 (5) Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of managers of Credit Fund II, pursuant to Credit Fund II s valuation policy, with the fair value of all investments determined using significant unobservable inputs, which is substantially similar to the valuation policy of the Company provided in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements, to these consolidated financial statements. 
 (6) Represents a corporate mezzanine loan, which is subordinated to senior secured term loans of the portfolio company. 

and the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2021, asset coverage was , and the Company and the SPV were in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of their respective credit facility agreements. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Outstanding borrowing, end of period 
 
 SPV Credit Facility 
 On May 24, 2013, the SPV closed on the SPV Credit Facility, which was subsequently amended on June 30, 2014, June 19, 2015, June 9, 2016, May 26, 2017 and August 9, 2018. On December 11, 2020, the SPV repaid all outstanding amounts under the SPV Credit Facility and the facility was terminated. The SPV Credit Facility provided for secured borrowings during the applicable revolving period up to an amount equal to the lesser of , subject to restrictions imposed on borrowings under the Investment Company Act and certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the SPV Credit Facility, including adequate collateral to support such borrowings. The SPV Credit Facility had a revolving period through May 21, 2021 and a maturity date of May 23, 2023. Borrowings under the SPV Credit Facility bore interest initially at the applicable commercial paper rate (if the lender is a conduit lender) or LIBOR (or, if applicable, a rate based on the prime rate or federal funds rate) plus per year. The SPV was also required to pay an undrawn commitment fee of between and per year depending on the drawings under the SPV Credit Facility. Payments under the SPV Credit Facility were made quarterly. The lenders had a first lien security interest on substantially all of the assets of the SPV. 
 Credit Facility 
 The Company closed on the Credit Facility on March 21, 2014, which was subsequently amended on January 8, 2015, May 25, 2016, March 22, 2017, September 25, 2018, June 14, 2019, November 8, 2019, October 28, 2020, October 11, 2021 and May 25, 2022. The maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility is , subject to availability under the Credit Facility, which is based on certain advance rates multiplied by the value of the Company s portfolio investments (subject to certain concentration limitations) net of certain other indebtedness that the Company may incur in accordance with the terms of the Credit Facility. Proceeds of the Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. Maximum capacity under the Credit Facility may be increased to through the exercise by the Company of an uncommitted accordion feature through which existing and new lenders may, at their option, agree to provide additional financing. The Credit Facility includes a limit for swingline loans and a limit for letters of credit. The Company may borrow amounts in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies. Amounts drawn under the Credit Facility, including amounts drawn in respect of letters of credit, bear interest at either (i) a term benchmark rate of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Euribor Rate, or the applicable Local Rate, as the case may be, or (ii) an Alternate Base Rate (which is the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the NYFRB Rate plus , or (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for one month plus plus an applicable margin, each capitalized term as defined in the Credit Facility. The applicable margin for a term benchmark rate loan will be up to and for an Alternate Base Rate loan will be up to , in each case depending on the level of the Gross Borrowing Base compared to the Combined Debt Amount. Prior to the May 25, 2022 amendment, amounts drawn under the Credit Facility bore interest at either LIBOR plus an applicable spread of , or an alternative base rate (which is the highest of a prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus , or one month LIBOR plus plus plus an applicable spread of . The Company may elect either the term benchmark rate or the Alternative Base Rate at the time of drawdown, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. The Company also pays a fee of on undrawn amounts under the Credit Facility and, in respect of each undrawn letter of credit, a fee and interest rate equal to the then-applicable margin under the Credit Facility while the letter of credit is outstanding. The availability period under the Credit Facility will terminate on May 25, 2026 (October 28, 2024 prior to the May 25, 2022 amendment) and the Credit Facility will mature on May 25, 2027 (October 28, 2025 prior to the May 25, 2022 amendment). During the period from May 25, 2026 to May 25, 2027, the Company will be obligated to make mandatory prepayments under the Credit Facility out of the proceeds of certain asset sales, other recovery events and equity and debt issuances. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Credit Facility is secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Company. The Credit Facility includes customary covenants, including certain financial 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Total Facility Borrowings Outstanding Unused Portion (1) 
 Amount Available (2) 
 Credit Facility Total 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees are based. 
 (2) Available for borrowing based on the computation of collateral to support the borrowings and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and financial ratios. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of interest expense and credit facility fees were as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense Facility unused commitment fee Amortization of deferred financing costs Other fees Total interest expense and credit facility fees Cash paid for interest expense Average principal debt outstanding Weighted average interest rate 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components of interest and credit facility fees payable were as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Interest expense payable Unused commitment fees payable Other credit facility fees payable Interest and credit facility fees payable Weighted average interest rate (based on floating benchmark rates) 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Notes due December 31, 2024. Interest is payable quarterly, beginning March 31, 2020. On December 11, 2020, the Company issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due December 31, 2024. The 2020 Notes bear interest an interest rate of and interest is payable quarterly, beginning December 31, 2020. The carrying value of the Senior Notes (after debt issuance costs) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are and , respectively. The carrying value is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The interest rate on the Senior Notes is subject to increase (up to an additional over the stated rate of such notes) in the event that, subject to certain exceptions, the Senior Notes cease to have an investment grade rating. The Company is obligated to offer to repay the notes at par if certain change in control events occur. The Senior Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. Interest expense on the Senior Notes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 The note purchase agreement, as supplemented by the first supplement, for the Senior Notes contains customary terms and conditions for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of the Company s status as a business development company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and a regulated investment company under the Code, minimum asset coverage ratio and interest coverage ratio, and prohibitions on certain fundamental changes at the Company or any subsidiary guarantor, as well as customary events of default with customary cure and notice, including, without limitation, nonpayment, breach of covenant, material breach of representation or warranty under the note purchase agreement, cross-acceleration under other indebtedness of the Company or certain significant subsidiaries, certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with these terms and conditions. 
 2015-1R Notes 
 On June 26, 2015, the Company completed the 2015-1 Debt Securitization. The 2015-1 Notes were issued by the 2015-1 Issuer, a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of the Company. The 2015-1 Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of the 2015-1 Notes, consisting of: 
 of Aaa/AAA Class A-1A Notes; 
 of Aaa/AAA Class A-1B Notes; 
 of Aaa/AAA Class A-1C Notes; and 
 of Aa2 Class A-2 Notes. 
 The 2015-1 Notes were issued at par and were scheduled to mature on July 15, 2027. The Company received of the preferred interests issued by the 2015-1 Issuer (the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests on the closing date of the 2015-1 Debt Securitization in exchange for the Company s contribution to the 2015-1 Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio. The 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests do not bear interest and had a nominal value of at closing. In connection with the contribution, the Company made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the 2015-1 Issuer in the purchase agreement. The Class A-1A, Class A-1B and Class A-1C and Class A-2 Notes are included in these consolidated financial statements. The 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests were eliminated in consolidation. 
 On the closing date of the 2015-1 Debt Securitization, the 2015-1 Issuer effected a one-time distribution to the Company of a substantial portion of the proceeds of the private placement of the 2015-1 Notes, net of expenses, which distribution was used to repay a portion of certain amounts outstanding under the SPV Credit Facility (which terminated on December 11, 2020) and the Credit Facility. As part of the 2015-1 Debt Securitization, certain first and second lien senior secured loans were distributed by the SPV to the Company pursuant to a distribution and contribution agreement. 
 On August 30, 2018, the Company and the 2015-1 Issuer closed the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing. On the closing date of the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing, the 2015-1 Issuer, among other things: 
 (a) refinanced the issued Class A-1A Notes by redeeming in full the Class A-1A Notes and issuing new AAA Class A-1-1-R Notes in an aggregate principal amount of which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus for the first 24 months and the three-month LIBOR plus thereafter; 
 (c) refinanced the issued Class A-1C Notes by redeeming in full the Class A-1C Notes and issuing new AAA Class A-1-3-R Notes in an aggregate principal amount of which bear interest at ; 
 (d) refinanced the issued Class A-2 Notes by redeeming in full the Class A-2 Notes and issuing new Class A-2-R Notes in an aggregate principal amount of which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; 
 (e) issued new single-A Class B Notes and BBB- Class C Notes in aggregate principal amounts of and , respectively, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus and the three-month LIBOR plus , respectively; 
 (f) reduced the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests by approximately from a nominal value of to approximately at close; and 
 (g) extended the reinvestment period end date and maturity date applicable to the 2015-1 Issuer to October 15, 2023 and October 15, 2031, respectively. 
 Following the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing, the Company retained the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests. The 2015-1R Notes in the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing were issued by the 2015-1 Issuer and are secured by a diversified portfolio of the 2015-1 Issuer consisting primarily of first and second lien senior secured loans. 
 On the closing date of the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing, the 2015-1 Issuer effected a one-time distribution to the Company of a substantial portion of the proceeds of the private placement of the 2015-1R Notes, net of expenses, which distribution was used to repay a portion of certain amounts outstanding under the SPV Credit Facility and the Credit Facility. As part of the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing, certain first and second lien senior secured loans were distributed by the SPV to the Company pursuant to a distribution and contribution agreement. The Company contributed the loans that comprised the initial closing date loan portfolio (including the loans distributed to the Company from the SPV) to the 2015-1 Issuer pursuant to a contribution agreement. Future loan transfers from the Company to the 2015-1 Issuer will be made pursuant to a sale agreement and are subject to the approval of the Company s Board of Directors. Assets of the 2015-1 Issuer are not available to the creditors of the SPV or the Company. In connection with the issuance and sale of the 2015-1R Notes, the Company made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the purchase agreement. 
 During the reinvestment period, pursuant to the indenture governing the 2015-1R Notes, all principal collections received on the underlying collateral may be used by the 2015-1 Issuer to purchase new collateral under the direction of Investment Adviser in its capacity as collateral manager of the 2015-1 Issuer and in accordance with the Company s investment strategy. 
 The Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager to the 2015-1 Issuer under a collateral management agreement (the Collateral Management Agreement ). Pursuant to the Collateral Management Agreement, the 2015-1 Issuer pays management fees (comprised of base management fees, subordinated management fees and incentive management fees) to the Investment Adviser for rendering collateral management services. As per the Collateral Management Agreement, for the period the Company retains all of the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests, the Investment Adviser does not earn management fees for providing such collateral management services. The Company currently retains all of the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests, thus the Investment Adviser did not earn any management fees from the 2015-1 Issuer for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Any such waived fees may not be recaptured by the Investment Adviser. 
 Pursuant to an undertaking by the Company in connection with the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing, the Company has agreed to hold on an ongoing basis the 2015-1 Issuer Preferred Interests with an aggregate dollar purchase price at least equal to of the aggregate outstanding amount of all collateral obligations by the 2015-1 Issuer for so long as any securities of the 2015-1 Issuer remain outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its undertaking. 
 The 2015-1 Issuer pays ongoing administrative expenses to the trustee, independent accountants, legal counsel, rating agencies and independent managers in connection with developing and maintaining reports, and providing required services in connection with the administration of the 2015-1 Issuer. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were first lien and second lien senior secured loans with a total fair value of approximately and cash of securing the 2015-1R Notes. The pool of loans in the securitization must meet certain requirements, including asset mix and concentration, term, agency rating, collateral coverage, minimum coupon, minimum spread and sector diversity requirements in the indenture governing the 2015-1R Notes. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. The carrying value is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effective annualized weighted average interest rates, which include amortization of debt issuance costs on the 2015-1R Notes, were and , respectively, based on floating LIBOR rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average interest rates were and , respectively, based on floating LIBOR rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of interest expense was included in interest and credit facility fees payable. 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs Total interest expense Cash paid for interest expense 
 
 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Total 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company enters into contracts or agreements that contain indemnification or warranties. Future events could occur that lead to the execution of these provisions against the Company. The Company believes that the likelihood of such an event is remote; however, the maximum potential exposure is unknown. No accrual has been made in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for any such exposure. 
 Unfunded revolving term loan commitments Total unfunded commitments 
 
 shares of common stock, per share par value. 
 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On May 5, 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of Preferred Stock to an affiliate of Carlyle in a private placement at a price of per share. The Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to per share (the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of distribution. Dividends are payable on a quarterly basis in an initial amount equal to per annum of the Liquidation Preference per share, payable 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 per annum of the Liquidation Preference payable in additional shares of Preferred Stock. After May 5, 2027, the dividend rate will increase annually, in each case by per annum. 
 The Preferred Stock is convertible, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder of the Preferred Stock into the number of shares of common stock equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends, divided by an initial conversion price of , subject to certain adjustments to prevent dilution as set forth in the Company's Articles Supplementary. The conversion price as of December 31, 2022 was . At any time after May 5, 2023, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, will have the option to redeem all of the Preferred Stock for cash consideration equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends. The holders of the Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or a portion of their shares of Preferred Stock prior to the date fixed for such redemption. At any time after May 5, 2027, the holders of the Preferred Stock will have the option to require the Company to redeem any or all of the then-outstanding Preferred Stock upon 90 days notice. The form of consideration used in any such redemption is at the option of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, and may be cash consideration equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends, or shares of common stock. Holders also have the right to redeem the Preferred Stock upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Article Supplementary). 
 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 29, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 Total March 25, 2022 March 31, 2022 March 31, 2022 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 22, 2022 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 16, 2022 December 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 Total 
 
 Company Stock Repurchase Plan 
 On August 1, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved the continuation of the Company's stock repurchase program (the Company Stock Repurchase Program until November 5, 2023, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares of common stock, and increased the size of the Company Stock Repurchase Program by million to an aggregate amount of million. This program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued by the Company at any time, subject to applicable law. The Company's Stock Repurchase Program was originally approved by the Company's Board of Directors on November 5, 2018 and announced on November 6, 2018. Since the inception of the Company Stock Repurchase Program through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased shares of the Company's common stock at an average cost of per share, or in the aggregate, resulting in accretion to net assets per share of . 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net investment income (loss) Net realized gain (loss) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock and preferred stock ) ) Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The following table summarizes capital activity during the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value Offering Costs Accumulated Net Investment Income (Loss) Accumulated Net Realized Gain (Loss) Accumulated Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Total Net Assets Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net investment income (loss) Net realized gain (loss) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Dividends declared on common stock and preferred stock ) ) Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) 
 152 

Table of Contents 

) ) ) Issuance of Preferred Stock Net investment income (loss) Net realized gain (loss) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock and preferred stock ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) 
 
 There were no shares of common stock issued related to capital activity during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company computes earnings per common share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. Basic earnings per common share were calculated by dividing net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, less preferred dividends, by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to all dilutive potential shares of common stock outstanding using the if-converted method for the convertible Preferred Stock. Diluted earnings per share excludes all dilutive potential shares of common stock if their effect is anti-dilutive. The convertible Preferred Stock was not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 or for the year ended December 31, 2020 because it would have had an anti-dilutive effect. 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic and diluted earnings per share 
 Effective with the third quarter 2020 dividend, the Company updated its dividend policy such that the base dividend was per share of common stock. Effective with the third quarter 2022 dividend, the Company updated its dividend policy such that the base dividend was per share of common stock. Effective with the fourth quarter 2022 dividend, the Company updated its dividend policy such that the base dividend is per share of common stock. The Company's dividend policy is subject to change by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion at any time. 
 
 May 4, 2020 June 30, 2020 July 17, 2020 August 3, 2020 September 30, 2020 October 16, 2020 August 3, 2020 September 30, 2020 October 16, 2020 (1) November 2, 2020 December 31, 2020 January 15, 2021 November 2, 2020 December 31, 2020 January 15, 2021 (1) February 22, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 16, 2021 February 22, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 16, 2021 (1) May 3, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 15, 2021 May 3, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 15, 2021 (1) August 2, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 15, 2021 August 2, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 15, 2021 (1) November 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 14, 2022 November 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 14, 2022 (1) February 18, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 15, 2022 February 18, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 15, 2022 (1) May 2, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 May 2, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 (1) August 8, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 14, 2022 August 8, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 14, 2022 (1) October 31, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 16, 2023 October 31, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 16, 2023 (1) 
 (1) Represents a special/supplemental dividend. 
 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 Net investment income (loss) (1) 
 Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and non-investment assets and liabilities ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Dividends declared (2) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Other (3) 
 Accretion due to share repurchases Net asset value per common share, end of year Market price per common share, end of year Number of shares of common stock outstanding, end of year Total return based on net asset value (4) 
 Total return based on market price (5) 
 ) ) Net assets attributable to Common Stockholders, end of year Ratio to average net assets attributable to Common Stockholders: Expenses net of waiver, before incentive fees Expenses net of waiver, after incentive fees Expenses gross of waiver, after incentive fees Net investment income (loss) (6) 
 Interest expense and credit facility fees Ratios/Supplemental Data: Asset coverage, end of period Portfolio turnover Weighted-average shares of common shares outstanding 
 
 (1) Net investment income (loss) per share was calculated as net investment income (loss) less the preferred dividend for the year divided by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the year. 
 (2) Dividends declared per common share was calculated as the sum of dividends on common stock declared during the year divided by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at each respective quarter-end date (refer to Note 10 to these consolidated financial statements). 
 (3) Includes the impact of different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on the weighted-average basic shares outstanding and certain per share data based on the shares outstanding as of a period end or transaction date 
 (4) Total return is based on the change in net asset value per common share during the year plus the declared dividends on common stock, assuming reinvestment of dividends in accordance with the dividend reinvestment plan, divided by the beginning net asset value for the year. 
 (5) Total return based on market value (not annualized) is calculated as the change in market value per common share during the period plus the declared dividends on common stock, assuming reinvestment of dividends in accordance with the dividend reinvestment plan, divided by the beginning market price for the period. 
 (6) The net investment income ratio is net of the waiver of base management fees. 

155 

Table of Contents 

 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A December 31, 2015 N/A December 31, 2014 N/A December 31, 2013 N/A SPV Credit Facility (5) 
 December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A December 31, 2015 N/A December 31, 2014 N/A December 31, 2013 N/A Credit Facility (6) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A December 31, 2015 N/A December 31, 2014 N/A 2015-1 Notes (7) 
 December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A December 31, 2015 N/A 2015-1R Notes (7) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A 2019 Notes (8) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A 2020 Notes (9) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 
 (2) Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of the Company s total assets, less all liabilities excluding indebtedness represented by senior securities in this table, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness and is calculated on a consolidated basis. 
 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the Company s involuntary liquidation in preference to any security junior to it. The in this column indicates information that the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 
 (4) Not applicable because the senior securities are not registered for public trading. 
 (5) On May 24, 2013, the SPV closed on a senior secured credit facility (the SPV Credit Facility ). On December 11, 2020, the SPV repaid all outstanding amounts under the SPV Credit Facility and the facility was terminated. 
 (6) On March 21, 2014, the Company closed on the Credit Facility. 
 (7) On June 26, 2015, the Company completed a 400 million term debt securitization (the 2015-1 Debt Securitization ). The notes offered in the 2015-1 Debt Securitization (the 2015-1 Notes were issued by the 2015-1 Issuer. On August 30, 2018, the 2015-1 Issuer refinanced the 2015-1 Debt Securitization (the 2015-1 Debt Securitization Refinancing by redeeming in full the 2015-1 Notes and issuing the 2015-1R Notes. 
 (8) On December 30, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of the 2019 Notes. 
 (9) On December 11, 2020, the Company closed a private offering of the 2020 Notes. 
 (10) On May 5, 2020, the Company issued the Preferred Stock. 

and , respectively, and net decrease in additional paid-in capital in excess of par by and , respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Total earnings and NAV were not affected. 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Tax return of capital 
 Income Tax Information and Distributions to Stockholders 
 Other book/tax temporary differences (1) 
 ) ) Capital loss carryforwards ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and currency unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on non-investment assets and liabilities (2) 
 ) ) Total accumulated earnings (deficit) ) ) 
 
 (1) Consists of the unamortized portion of organization costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Gross unrealized appreciation Gross unrealized depreciation ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) 
 For tax purposes, net realized capital losses may be carried over to offset future capital gains, if any. Funds are permitted to carry forward capital losses for an indefinite period, and such losses will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , of capital loss carryforwards, respectively, of which and were short-term capital loss carryforwards, respectively, and and were long-term capital loss carryforwards, respectively. 

per share plus a supplemental common stock dividend of , which are payable on April 14, 2023 to common stockholders of record on March 31, 2023. 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them of material information relating to the Company that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 Information relating to our codes of ethics, which apply to, among others, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K Business-Regulation-Code of Ethics . 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this annual report 
 The following reports and consolidated financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 77 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 84 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 85 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 115 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously field with the SEC: 
 2.1 Contribution Agreement, dated November 3, 2020, by and between TCG BDC, Inc. and Middle Market Credit Fund II, LLC. (26) 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (1) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment (2) 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary of TCG BDC, Inc. (27) 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws (3) 
 3.5 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws (4) 
 4.1 Form of Subscription Agreement for Private Offerings (5) 
 4.2 Description of Registered Securities 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2020, by and between TCG BDC, Inc. and Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C. (28) 
 10.1 Indenture, dated as of June 26, 2015, between Carlyle GMS Finance MM CLO 2015-1 LLC, as issuer, and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as trustee (6) 
 10.2 Dividend Reinvestment Plan for TCG BDC, Inc. (7) 
 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated August 6, 2018, by and between the Company and Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. (8) 
 10.4 Custodian Agreement, dated March 21, 2012, between Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc. and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as custodian (9) 
 10.5 Administration Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2013 by and between Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc. and Carlyle GMS Finance Administration L.L.C., as administrator (10) 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement (11) 
 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 10.7 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2013, among Carlyle GMS Finance SPV LLC, as borrower, Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc., as servicer and transferor, each of the Conduit Lenders, Liquidity Banks, Lender Agent and Institutional Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as collateral and administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as account bank, backup servicer and collateral administrator, and Citibank, N.A. and Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., as joint lead arrangers (12) 
 10.8 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2014 and Conformed through Amendment No. 5 dated as of June 14, 2019, among Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc., as borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Suntrust Bank, as administrative agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agent (13) 
 10.9 First Amendment to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2014, among Carlyle GMS Finance SPV LLC, as borrower, Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc., as servicer and transferor, each of the Conduit Lenders, Liquidity Banks, Lender Agent and Institutional Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as collateral and administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as account bank, backup servicer and collateral administrator, and Citibank, N.A. and Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., as joint lead arrangers (14) 
 10.10 Second Amendment to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2015, among Carlyle GMS Finance SPV LLC, as borrower, Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc., as servicer and transferor, each of the Conduit Lenders, Liquidity Banks, Lender Agent and Institutional Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as collateral and administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as account bank, backup servicer and collateral administrator, and Citibank, N.A. and Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., as joint lead arrangers (15) 
 10.11 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2015, by and between Carlyle GMS Finance MM CLO 2015-1 LLC, as issuer, and Carlyle GMS Investment Management L.L.C., as collateral manager (16) 
 10.12 Contribution Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2015, by and between Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc., as the contributor, and Carlyle GMS Finance MM CLO 2015-1 LLC, as the contributee (17) 
 10.13 Third Amendment to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2016, among Carlyle GMS Finance SPV LLC, as borrower, Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc., as servicer and transferor, each of the Conduit Lenders, Liquidity Banks, Lender Agent and Institutional Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as collateral and administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as account bank, backup servicer and collateral administrator, and Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger (18) 
 10.14 Fourth Amendment to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2017, among TCG BDC SPV LLC, as borrower, TCG BDC, Inc., as servicer and transferor, each of the Conduit Lenders, Liquidity Banks, Lender Agents and Institutional Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as collateral and administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as account bank, backup servicer and collateral administrator, and Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger (19) 
 10.15 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2016, between Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc. and Credit Partners USA LLC, as members (30) 
 10.16 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 3, 2017, between TCG BDC, Inc. and NF Investment Corp. (20) 
 10.17 Fifth Amendment to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2018, among TCG BDC SPV LLC, as borrower, TCG BDC, Inc., as servicer and transferor, each of the Conduit Lenders, Liquidity Banks, Lender Agents and Institutional Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as collateral and administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as account bank, backup servicer and collateral administrator, and Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger (21) 
 10.18 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 30, 2018, between Carlyle Direct Lending CLO 2015-1R LLC, as issuer, and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as trustee (22) 
 10.19 Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 30, 2019, by and between TCG BDC, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto (23) 
 10.20 First Supplement to Master Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between TCG BDC, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto (29) 
 10.21 Omnibus Amendment No. 9, dated as of May 25, 2022, among Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., as borrower, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swingline lender. (31) 
 10.22 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2014 and Conformed through Amendment No. 9 dated as of May 25, 2022, among Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., as borrower, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. (32) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Consolidated Financial Statements of Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed by the Company on April 11, 2013 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 22, 2017 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed by the Company on April 11, 2013 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 22, 2017 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed by the Company on April 11, 2013 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 12, 2015 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e)(1) to the Company s Form N-2 filed by the Company on June 5, 2017 (File No. 333-218114) 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e)(2) to the Company s Form N-2 filed by the Company on June 5, 2017 (File No. 333-218114) 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 6, 2018 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed by the Company on May 19, 2017 (File No. 333-218114) 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed by the Company on April 11, 2013 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed by the Company on April 11, 2013 (File No. 000-54899) 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on July 31, 2013 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 6, 2019 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 13, 2014 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 12, 2015 (File No. 814-00995) 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 12, 2015 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 12, 2015 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 8, 2016 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(13) to the Company s Form N-2 filed by the Company on June 5, 2017 (File No. 333-218114) 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 9, 2017 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 6, 2018 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 6, 2018 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 30, 2019 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (24) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2019 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (25) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2019 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (26) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 4, 2020 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (27) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 5, 2020 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (28) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 5, 2020 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (29) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2020 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (30) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 4, 2021 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (31) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 1, 2022 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (32) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 1, 2022 (File No. 814-00995) 
 (c) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 Separate financial statements of subsidiaries not consolidated: 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC. Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Aren C. LeeKong Aren C. LeeKong President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Aren C. LeeKong Aren C. LeeKong President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Thomas M. Hennigan Thomas M. Hennigan Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Desiree Annunziato Desiree Annunziato Treasurer (principal accounting officer) Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Nigel D.T. Andrews Nigel D.T. Andrews Director Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Leslie E. Bradford Leslie E. Bradford Director Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Mark Jenkins Mark Jenkins Director Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ John G. Nestor John G. Nestor Director Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ Linda Pace Linda Pace Director and Chair of the Board Dated: February 27, 2023 By /s/ William H. Wright II William H. Wright II Director 
 166 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 csli_20221231x10-kxex42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 
 Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit is attached. 
 
 The following description of the Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. s common stock is based on the relevant provisions of the MGCL, the Investment Company Act, Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. s Articles of Amendment and Restatement (as amended and restated from time to time, the charter and Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. s Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended and restated from time to time, the bylaws ). This summary describes the provisions deemed to be material, but is not necessarily complete, and you should refer to the MGCL, the Investment Company Act and Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. s charter and bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (the Company, we, us or our had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 Capital Stock 
 Our authorized stock consists of 200,000,000 shares, par value 0.01 per share, 198,000,000 of which are currently designated as common stock and 2,000,000 of which are currently designated as preferred stock. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CGBD. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations. Under our charter, our Board of Directors (the Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. As permitted by the MGCL, our charter provides that the Board, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 Common Stock 
 All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, voting, and dividends and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our Board and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock are not subject to any sinking fund and have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will be unable to elect any director. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had issued and outstanding 51,060,136 shares of common stock. 

Preferred Stock 
 Our charter authorizes our Board to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, the Board is required by Maryland law and by our charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, the Board could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. The cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our existing common stockholders. 
 However, any issuance of preferred stock must comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. Certain matters under the Investment Company Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would vote separately from the holders of common stock on a proposal to cease operations as a BDC. In addition, the Investment Company Act provides that holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two preferred stock directors. We believe that the availability for issuance of preferred stock will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring future financings and acquisitions. We currently have no plans to issue additional preferred stock, but may determine to do so in the future 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had issued and outstanding 2,000,000 shares of cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value 0.01 (the Preferred Stock ). The Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation. The Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to 25 per share (the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of distribution. Dividends are payable on a quarterly basis in an initial amount equal to 7.00 per annum of the Liquidation Preference per share, payable in cash, or at our option, 9.00 per annum of the Liquidation Preference payable in additional shares of Preferred Stock. After May 5, 2027, the dividend rate will increase annually, in each case by 1.00 per annum. 
 The Preferred Stock is convertible, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder of the Preferred Stock into the number of shares of common stock equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends, divided by an initial conversion price of 9.50, subject to certain adjustments to prevent dilution as set forth in the Articles Supplementary. At any time after May 5, 2023, we, with the approval of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, will have the option to redeem all of the Preferred Stock for cash consideration equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends. The holders of the Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or a portion of their shares of Preferred Stock prior to the date fixed for such redemption. At any time after May 5, 2027, the holders of the Preferred Stock will have the option to require us to redeem any or all of the then-outstanding Preferred Stock upon 90 days notice. The form of consideration used in any such redemption is at the option of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, and may be cash consideration equal to the Liquidation Preference plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends, or shares of common stock. Holders also have the right to redeem the Preferred Stock upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Article Supplementary pursuant to which the Preferred Stock was designated). 
 Each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote of our common stockholders. In addition, for so long as we are subject to the Investment Company Act, the holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class, have the right to elect two members of the Board of Directors at all times, and the balance of the directors will be elected by the holders of the common stock and the Preferred Stock voting together. As required by the Investment Company Act, the Preferred Stock has certain additional voting rights, as set forth in the Articles Supplementary. 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from 
 2 

(a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer of the corporation or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee, from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding without requiring a preliminary determination of his or her ultimate entitlement to indemnification. The charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with the Investment Company Act, we will not indemnify any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received unless, in either case a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer in advance of final disposition of a proceeding upon the corporation s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers that will provide the maximum indemnification permitted under Maryland law and the Investment Company Act. 
 Certain Provisions of the MGCL and our Charter and Bylaws 
 The MGCL and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquiror to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential 
 3 

disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Our Board is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms with their respective terms expiring at successive annual meetings of stockholders, and in each case, the directors will serve until their successors are duly elected and qualify. Each year, one class of directors will be elected by the stockholders. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of our Board will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 Election of Directors 
 As permitted by our charter, our bylaws provide that a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present will be required to elect a director. Pursuant to our charter and bylaws, our Board may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 
 Number of Directors Vacancies Removal 
 Our charter provides that the number of directors will be increased or decreased only by the Board in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, the number of directors may never be less than one nor more than twelve unless our bylaws are amended in which case we may have more than twelve directors but never less than one. Our charter provides that, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 Action by Stockholders 
 Under the MGCL, stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or (unless the charter provides for stockholder action by less than unanimous written consent, which our charter does not) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board or (3) by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving notice, as provided by the bylaws, and at the time of the annual meeting and who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting may be made only (1) by the Board or (2) provided that the Board has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving notice, as provided by the bylaws, and at the time of the special meeting and who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 4 

The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our Board any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by a majority of our Board, the chairman of the Board and certain of our officers. Additionally, our bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange, co-invest or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless advised by its board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter also provides that the following matters require the approval of stockholders entitled to cast at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast (i) certain charter amendments (ii) any proposal for our conversion, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company (iii) any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution or (iv) any proposal regarding a merger, consolidation, share exchange or sale or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets that the MGCL requires to be approved by our stockholders. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by a majority of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. The continuing directors are defined in our charter as (1) our current directors, (2) those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of our current directors then on the Board or (3) any successor directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of continuing directors or the successor continuing directors then in office. 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the Board will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws. 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the Board shall determine such rights apply. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL, pursuant to the Control Share Act, provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the 
 5 

corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of their increasing ranges of voting power. The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquiror crosses one of the thresholds of voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Control Share Act does not conflict with the Investment Company Act. The SEC staff has issued informal guidance setting forth its position that certain provisions of the Control Share Act would, if implemented, violate Section 18(i) of the Investment Company Act. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if the Board approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the Board may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the Board of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the Board before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our Board has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the MBCA, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board, including a majority of the directors 
 6 

who are not interested persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act). This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time however, our Board will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the MBCA only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the MBCA does not conflict with the Investment Company Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 Conflict with Investment Company Act 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the MGCL, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the MBCA, or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the Investment Company Act, the applicable provision of the Investment Company Act will control. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the charter or bylaws or the securities, antifraud, unfair trade practices or similar laws of any international, national, state, provincial, territorial, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a federal or state court located in the state of Delaware, provided that to the extent the appropriate court located in the state of Delaware determines that it does not have jurisdiction over such action, then the sole and exclusive forum shall be any federal or state court located in the state of Maryland. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall be deemed, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to have notice of and consented to these exclusive forum provisions and to have irrevocably submitted to, and waived any objection to, the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such action or proceeding and consented to process being served in any such action or proceeding, without limitation, by United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Company, with postage thereon prepaid. 
 7 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 csli_20221231xxex211listof.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 At the time of this filing, the following entities are subsidiaries of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
 Company Name Jurisdiction of Organization Carlyle Direct Lending CLO 2015-1R LLC Delaware TCG BDC SPV LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 csli_20221231x10-kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Aren C. LeeKong, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 s Aren C. LeeKong Aren C. LeeKong President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 csli_20221231x10-kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Thomas M. Hennigan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 s Thomas M. Hennigan Thomas M. Hennigan 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 csli_20221231x10-kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SECTION 906 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Aren C. LeeKong, the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 the Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 s Aren C. LeeKong Aren C. LeeKong President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 csli_20221231x10-kxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, SECTION 906 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas M. Hennigan, the Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 the Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 s Thomas M. Hennigan Thomas M. Hennigan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 csli_20221231xxex991mmcffs.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements with Report of Independent Auditors 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 1 

Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Auditors 3 Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members Equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 5 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 6 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 12 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 13 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 14 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 15 

2 

Report of Independent Auditors 
 
 The Board of Managers and Members of 
 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC 
 
 Opinion 
 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC (the Company ), which comprise the consolidated statements of assets, liabilities and members equity, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 
 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its members equity and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 
 Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
 
 In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we 
 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 
 3 

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Tysons, VA 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 4 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS EQUITY 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Investments, at fair value (amortized cost of 953,467 and 940,092, respectively) 902,720 926,959 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 28,030 54,041 Deferred financing asset 2,537 2,618 Interest receivable 5,038 4,200 Receivable for investments sold repaid 1,951 568 Prepaid expenses and other assets 155 312 Total assets 940,431 988,698 LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS EQUITY Secured borrowings (Note 5) 588,621 600,651 Subordinated Loans (Note 7) 386,000 386,000 Payable for investments purchased 5,219 Interest and credit facility fees payable (Note 5) 8,165 3,741 Dividend payable 11,000 10,000 Other accrued expenses and liabilities 775 868 Total liabilities 994,561 1,006,479 Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) MEMBERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Members' equity 2 2 Accumulated net investment income (loss) net of cumulative dividends of 203,159 and 162,159, respectively 6,609 5,075 Accumulated net realized gain (loss) net of cumulative dividends of 91 and 91, respectively (9,994) (9,725) Accumulated net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (50,747) (13,133) Total members' equity (deficit), net (54,130) (17,781) Total liabilities and members equity (deficit) 940,431 988,698 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 Investments (1) 
 Footnotes 
 Industry 
 Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Par 
 Principal 
 Amount 
 Amortized 
 Cost (4) 
 Fair 
 Value (5) 
 First Lien Debt (100.0 of fair value) ACR Group Borrower, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Aerospace & Defense LIBOR 4.50 9.22 3 31 2028 36,965 36,488 36,015 Acrisure, LLC + (2) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 3.50 7.88 2 13 2027 25,118 25,099 23,485 Alpine Acquisition Corp II + (2)(3)(6) Transportation Cargo SOFR 5.50 9.76 11 30 2026 10,000 9,527 9,630 Analogic Corporation + (2)(3)(7) Capital Equipment LIBOR 5.25 9.67 6 22 2024 20,226 20,217 19,725 Anchor Packaging, Inc. + (2) Containers, Packaging & Glass LIBOR 4.00 8.38 7 18 2026 22,221 22,157 21,360 API Technologies Corp. + (2) Aerospace & Defense LIBOR 4.25 8.98 5 9 2026 14,475 14,436 13,127 Aptean, Inc. + (2)(6) Software SOFR 4.25 8.98 4 23 2026 12,031 11,997 11,475 Avalign Technologies, Inc. + (2)(6) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals SOFR 4.50 9.03 12 22 2025 14,294 14,227 13,382 BMS Holdings III Corp. + (2)(3) Construction & Building LIBOR 5.50 10.23 9 30 2026 11,131 11,049 10,931 Chartis Holding, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Business Services LIBOR 5.00 9.77 5 1 2025 6,893 6,893 6,832 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) + (2)(3)(6) (7) Software SOFR 4.50 8.57 8 30 2024 13,769 13,559 13,564 Diligent Corporation + (2)(3)(7) Telecommunications LIBOR 6.25 10.63 8 4 2025 9,880 9,706 9,449 Divisions Holding Corporation + (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 4.75 9.13 5 27 2028 24,688 24,488 24,009 DTI Holdco, Inc. + (2)(3) High Tech Industries SOFR 4.75 8.84 4 26 2029 29,925 29,373 27,363 Eliassen Group, LLC + (2)(3) Business Services SOFR 5.50 10.07 4 14 2028 19,375 19,148 19,150 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Utilities Electric LIBOR 5.75 10.48 4 19 2028 34,104 33,524 32,432 EvolveIP, LLC + (2)(3)(6) (7) Telecommunications SOFR 5.50 10.09 6 7 2025 40,392 40,361 39,633 Exactech, Inc. + (2)(3) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 3.75 8.13 2 14 2025 21,081 21,022 17,002 GSM Acquisition Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Leisure Products & Services SOFR 5.00 9.83 11 16 2026 30,958 30,709 29,636 Heartland Home Services, Inc. + (2)(3) Consumer Services LIBOR 5.75 10.10 12 15 2026 7,242 7,158 7,114 Heartland Home Services, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Consumer Services LIBOR 6.00 10.38 12 15 2026 24,255 24,176 24,014 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 5.25 9.63 11 25 2026 4,477 4,418 4,377 HMT Holding Inc. + (2)(3)(6) (7) Energy Oil & Gas SOFR 5.75 10.15 11 17 2025 32,148 32,013 30,654 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 6.05 10.57 8 27 2025 36,943 36,622 35,614 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 6.02 10.57 8 27 2025 6,949 6,873 6,699 Jensen Hughes, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Utilities Electric LIBOR 4.50 9.43 3 22 2024 34,584 34,559 33,323 K2 Insurance Services, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 5.00 9.73 7 1 2026 12,799 12,799 12,665 
 6 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 Investments (1) 
 Footnotes 
 Industry 
 Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Par 
 Principal 
 Amount 
 Amortized 
 Cost (4) 
 Fair 
 Value (5) 
 KAMC Holdings, Inc. + (2) Energy Electricity LIBOR 4.00 8.73 8 14 2026 13,545 13,507 10,881 KBP Investments, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Beverage & Food SOFR 5.50 ,0.50 PIK 10.53 5 25 2027 37,241 37,055 34,326 Odyssey Logistics & Technology Corp. + (2)(3) Transportation Cargo LIBOR 4.00 8.38 10 12 2024 9,505 9,489 9,277 Output Services Group + (2)(3) Media Advertising, Printing & Publishing SOFR 5.25 ,1.50 PIK 11.30 6 27 2026 19,190 19,169 13,097 PF Atlantic Holdco 2, LLC + (2)(3) Leisure Products & Services LIBOR 5.50 10.25 11 12 2027 15,396 15,168 15,126 Premise Health Holding Corp. + (2) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 3.75 7.92 7 10 2025 13,306 13,280 13,199 QW Holding Corporation + (2)(3)(7) Environmental Industries LIBOR 5.50 9.64 8 31 2026 21,574 21,437 21,105 Radiology Partners, Inc. + (2) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 4.25 8.64 7 9 2025 27,686 27,625 23,201 RevSpring Inc. + (2) Media Advertising, Printing & Publishing LIBOR 4.00 8.73 10 11 2025 28,848 28,737 27,719 Riveron Acquisition Holdings, Inc. + (2)(3) Diversified Financial Services LIBOR 5.75 10.48 5 22 2025 11,284 11,284 11,284 Striper Buyer, LLC + (2)(3) Containers, Packaging & Glass LIBOR 5.50 9.88 12 30 2026 14,700 14,593 14,604 Tank Holding Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Capital Equipment SOFR 5.75 10.16 3 31 2028 19,950 19,410 19,421 Turbo Buyer, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Automotive LIBOR 6.00 11.13 12 2 2025 34,251 34,044 33,625 U.S. TelePacific Holdings Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Telecommunications SOFR 1.00 ,7.25 PIK 11.57 5 2 2026 7,086 7,073 2,527 USALCO, LLC + (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics & Rubber LIBOR 6.00 10.73 10 19 2027 14,845 14,598 14,118 VRC Companies, LLC + (2)(3)(7) Business Services LIBOR 5.50 10.59 6 29 2027 28,767 28,418 28,059 Welocalize, Inc. + (2)(3)(7) Business Services LIBOR 4.75 9.13 12 23 2024 33,853 33,615 32,677 WRE Holding Corp. + (2)(3)(6) (7) Environmental Industries SOFR 5.00 9.84 1 3 2025 8,155 8,152 7,892 Yellowstone Buyer Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Consumer Goods Durable LIBOR 5.75 10.07 9 13 2027 39,500 38,851 37,922 First Lien Debt Total 
 948,103 902,720 Equity Investments (0.00 of fair value) DBI Holding, LLC Transportation Cargo 2,961 DBI Holding, LLC Transportation Cargo 13,996 5,364 Equity Investments Total 5,364 Total Investments 953,467 902,720 
 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund. Credit Fund has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Facility ). Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund Sub. 
 + Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund Sub. Credit Fund Sub has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Sub Facility ). The lenders of the Credit Fund Sub Facility have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of Credit Fund Sub. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund. 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of investments held by Credit Fund are domiciled in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the geographical composition of investments as a percentage of fair value was 1.5 in Canada and 98.5 in the United States. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate), which generally resets quarterly. For each such loan, Credit Fund has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the reference rates for Credit Fund's variable rate loans were 
 7 

the 30-day LIBOR at 4.39 , the 90-day LIBOR at 4.77 and the 180-day LIBOR at 5.14 , the 30-day SOFR at 4.36 , and the 90-day SOFR at 4.59 . 
 (3) Loan includes interest rate floor feature, which is generally 1.00 . 
 (4) Amortized cost represents original cost, including origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion amortization of discounts premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 (5) Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of managers of Credit Fund, pursuant to Credit Fund s valuation policy, with the fair value of all investments determined using significant unobservable inputs, which is substantially similar to the valuation policy of the Company provided in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements. 
 (6) Loans include a credit spread adjustment from 0.10 to 0.26 . 
 (7) As of December 31, 2022, Credit Fund and Credit Fund Sub had the following unfunded commitments to fund delayed draw and revolving senior secured loans 
 First Lien Debt unfunded delayed draw and revolving term loans commitments Type Unused Fee Par Principal Amount Fair Value ACR Group Borrower, LLC Revolver 0.38 4,515 (103) Analogic Corporation Revolver 0.50 226 (6) Chartis Holding, LLC Revolver 0.50 2,183 (15) Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) Revolver 0.50 873 (12) Diligent Corporation Revolver 0.50 492 (20) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw 1.00 1,380 (63) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Revolver 0.50 1,111 (51) EvolveIP, LLC Revolver 0.50 2,757 (49) Heartland Home Services, Inc. Revolver 0.50 771 (7) HMT Holding Inc. Revolver 0.50 6,173 (241) Jensen Hughes, Inc. Revolver 0.50 1,455 (51) K2 Insurance Services, LLC Revolver 0.50 1,170 (11) KBP Investments, LLC Delayed Draw 1.00 565 (44) QW Holding Corporation Revolver 0.50 5,498 (95) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Revolver 0.50 933 (17) VRC Companies, LLC Revolver 0.50 833 (20) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver 0.50 3,375 (101) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver 0.50 2,250 (67) WRE Holding Corp. Revolver 0.50 1,123 (32) Total unfunded commitments 37,683 (1,005) 

8 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 Investments (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Par Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 First Lien Debt (100.0 of fair value) 
 ACR Group Borrower, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Aerospace & Defense LIBOR 4.25 5.50 3 31 2028 34,477 33,913 34,477 Acrisure, LLC +# (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance & Real Estate LIBOR 3.50 3.78 2 13 2027 25,376 25,353 25,203 Acrisure, LLC + (2)(3) Banking, Finance, Insurance & Real Estate LIBOR 4.25 4.75 2 13 2027 6,700 6,650 6,687 Analogic Corporation + (2)(3)(6) Capital Equipment LIBOR 5.25 6.25 6 22 2024 19,796 19,781 19,587 Anchor Packaging, Inc. +# (2)(3) Containers, Packaging & Glass LIBOR 4.00 4.10 7 18 2026 24,472 24,385 24,215 API Technologies Corp. +# (2)(3) Aerospace & Defense LIBOR 4.25 4.35 5 9 2026 14,625 14,575 14,251 Aptean, Inc. +# (2)(3) Software LIBOR 4.25 4.35 4 23 2026 12,157 12,113 12,087 Avalign Technologies, Inc. +# (2)(3) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 4.50 4.63 12 22 2025 14,443 14,354 14,320 Avenu Holdings, LLC + (2)(3) Sovereign & Public Finance LIBOR 5.25 6.25 9 28 2024 23,350 23,350 23,350 BMS Holdings III Corp. + (2)(3) Construction & Building LIBOR 5.50 6.50 9 30 2026 11,244 11,143 11,071 Chartis Holding, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Business Services LIBOR 5.50 6.50 5 1 2025 6,964 6,964 6,964 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) + (2)(3)(6) Software LIBOR 4.50 5.50 8 30 2024 13,912 13,480 13,845 Chudy Group, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 5.75 6.75 6 30 2027 33,021 32,465 33,657 Diligent Corporation + (2)(3)(6) Telecommunications LIBOR 6.25 7.25 8 4 2025 9,049 8,816 9,228 Divisions Holding Corporation +# (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 4.75 5.50 5 27 2028 24,938 24,706 24,953 DTI Holdco, Inc. + (2)(3) High Tech Industries LIBOR 4.75 5.75 9 30 2023 18,495 18,442 18,237 Eliassen Group, LLC + (2)(3) Business Services LIBOR 4.50 4.60 11 5 2024 15,159 15,103 15,152 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Utilities Electric LIBOR 5.75 6.75 4 19 2028 32,846 32,169 32,507 EvolveIP, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Telecommunications LIBOR 5.50 6.50 6 7 2025 40,196 40,126 39,973 Exactech, Inc. +# (2)(3) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 3.75 4.75 2 14 2025 21,307 21,221 21,073 Excel Fitness Holdings, Inc. +# (2)(3) Hotel, Gaming & Leisure LIBOR 5.25 6.25 10 7 2025 24,500 24,336 24,500 Frontline Technologies Holdings, LLC + (2)(3) Software LIBOR 5.25 6.25 9 18 2023 14,736 14,269 14,736 GSM Acquisition Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Hotel, Gaming & Leisure LIBOR 5.00 6.00 11 16 2026 25,623 25,331 25,396 Heartland Home Services, Inc + (2)(3)(6) Consumer Services LIBOR 6.00 7.00 12 15 2026 17,664 17,664 17,735 HMT Holding Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Energy Oil & Gas LIBOR 5.75 6.75 11 17 2023 32,484 32,245 31,086 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Banking, Finance, Insurance & Real Estate LIBOR 5.50 6.25 8 27 2025 32,853 32,309 32,403 Jensen Hughes, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Utilities Electric LIBOR 4.50 5.50 3 22 2024 34,392 34,347 33,395 K2 Insurance Services, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Banking, Finance, Insurance & Real Estate LIBOR 5.00 6.00 7 1 2026 12,929 12,929 12,906 KAMC Holdings, Inc. +# (2)(3) Energy Electricity LIBOR 4.00 4.18 8 14 2026 13,685 13,638 11,450 
 9 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 Investments (1) 
 Footnotes Industry Reference Rate (2) 
 Spread (2) 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Par Principal Amount Amortized Cost (4) 
 Fair Value (5) 
 KBP Investments, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Beverage, Food & Tobacco LIBOR 5.00 5.75 5 25 2027 36,973 36,599 36,570 Odyssey Logistics & Technology Corp. +# (2)(3) Transportation Cargo LIBOR 4.00 5.00 10 12 2024 9,605 9,580 9,509 Output Services Group + (2)(3) Media Advertising, Printing & Publishing LIBOR 4.50 5.50 3 27 2024 19,222 19,194 16,467 Premise Health Holding Corp. +# (2)(3) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 3.50 3.72 7 10 2025 13,445 13,409 13,419 Q Holding Company +# (2)(3) Automotive LIBOR 5.00 6.00 12 31 2023 21,515 21,421 21,098 QW Holding Corporation + (2)(3)(6) Environmental Industries LIBOR 6.25 7.25 8 31 2024 14,116 13,887 13,645 Radiology Partners, Inc. +# (2)(3) Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals LIBOR 4.25 4.36 7 9 2025 27,686 27,603 27,245 RevSpring Inc. +# (2)(3) Media Advertising, Printing & Publishing LIBOR 4.25 4.47 10 11 2025 29,149 29,001 29,067 Striper Buyer, LLC + (2)(3) Containers, Packaging & Glass LIBOR 5.50 6.25 12 30 2026 14,850 14,720 14,850 Turbo Buyer, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Automotive LIBOR 6.00 7.00 12 2 2025 13,960 13,960 13,661 U.S. TelePacific Holdings Corp. + (2)(3) Telecommunications LIBOR 5.50 6.50 5 2 2023 6,660 6,643 4,995 USALCO, LLC + (2)(3) Chemicals, Plastics & Rubber LIBOR 6.00 7.00 10 19 2027 14,995 14,704 14,704 VRC Companies, LLC + (2)(3)(6) Business Services LIBOR 5.50 6.25 6 29 2027 26,520 26,103 26,162 Welocalize, Inc. + (2)(3)(6) Business Services LIBOR 4.75 5.75 12 23 2024 34,201 33,868 33,444 WRE Holding Corp. + (2)(3)(6) Environmental Industries SOFR 5.50 6.50 1 3 2025 8,740 8,724 8,584 Yellowstone Buyer Acquisition, LLC + (2)(3) Consumer Goods Durable LIBOR 5.75 6.75 9 13 2027 39,900 39,135 39,095 First Lien Debt Total 934,728 926,959 Equity Investments (0.0 of fair value) 
 DBI Holding, LLC Transportation Cargo 2,961 DBI Holding, LLC Transportation Cargo 13,996 5,364 Equity Investments Total 5,364 Total Investments 940,092 926,959 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund. Credit Fund has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Facility ). Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund Sub, the 2019-2 Issuer or Credit Fund Warehouse II. 
 + Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by Credit Fund Sub. Credit Fund Sub has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Sub Facility ). The lenders of the Credit Fund Sub Facility have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of Credit Fund Sub. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund, the 2019-2 Issuer or Credit Fund Warehouse II. 
 # Denotes that all or a portion of the assets are owned by the Credit Fund Warehouse II. Credit Fund Warehouse II has entered into a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Warehouse II ). The lenders of the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility have a first lien security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Credit Fund Warehouse II. Accordingly, such assets are not available to creditors of Credit Fund, the 2019-2 Issuer or Credit Fund Sub. 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of investments held by Credit Fund are domiciled in the United States. As of December 31, 2021, the geographical composition of investments as a percentage of fair value was 1.5 in Canada and 98.5 in the United States. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate), which generally resets quarterly. For each such loan, Credit Fund has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the reference rates for Credit Fund's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at 0.10 , the 90-day LIBOR at 0.22 and the 180-day LIBOR at 0.33 . 
 (3) Loan includes interest rate floor feature, which is generally 1.00 . 
 (4) Amortized cost represents original cost, including origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion amortization of discounts premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 10 

(5) Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of managers of Credit Fund, pursuant to Credit Fund s valuation policy, with the fair value of all investments determined using significant unobservable inputs, which is substantially similar to the valuation policy of the Company provided in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements. 
 (6) As of December 31, 2021, Credit Fund and Credit Fund Sub had the following unfunded commitments to fund delayed draw and revolving senior secured loans 
 First Lien Debt unfunded delayed draw and revolving term loans commitments Type Unused Fee Par Principal Amount Fair Value ACR Group Borrower, LLC Revolver 0.38 7,350 Analogic Corporation Revolver 0.50 847 (9) Chartis Holding, LLC Revolver 0.50 2,183 Chemical Computing Group ULC (Canada) Revolver 0.50 873 (4) Chudy Group, LLC Delayed Draw 1.00 5,517 88 Chudy Group, LLC Revolver 0.50 1,379 22 Diligent Corporation Delayed Draw 1.00 1,653 26 Diligent Corporation Revolver 0.50 703 11 EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw 1.00 3,136 (29) EPS Nass Parent, Inc. Revolver 0.50 941 (9) EvolveIP, LLC Revolver 0.50 3,360 (17) GSM Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw 1.00 4,313 (33) Heartland Home Services, Inc Revolver 0.50 746 3 HMT Holding Inc. Revolver 0.50 6,173 (223) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw 0.00 7,000 (71) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw 1.00 4,453 (45) Jensen Hughes, Inc. Revolver 0.50 2,000 (55) K2 Insurance Services, LLC Revolver 0.50 1,170 (2) KBP Investments, LLC Delayed Draw 1.00 503 (5) KBP Investments, LLC Delayed Draw 1.00 2,415 (24) QW Holding Corporation Delayed Draw 1.00 9,338 (162) QW Holding Corporation Revolver 0.50 3,794 (66) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Revolver 0.50 933 (19) VRC Companies, LLC Delayed Draw 0.75 2,521 (30) VRC Companies, LLC Revolver 0.50 833 (10) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver 0.50 3,375 (64) Welocalize, Inc. Revolver 0.50 2,250 (43) WRE Holding Corp. Revolver 0.50 624 (10) Total unfunded commitments 80,383 (780) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Investment income Interest income 68,345 66,733 Other income 1,434 1,664 Total investment income 69,779 68,397 Expenses Interest and credit facility expenses 25,195 21,763 Professional fees 842 833 Administrative service fees 344 291 Other general and administrative 864 868 Total expenses 27,245 23,755 Net investment income (loss) 42,534 44,642 Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments Net realized gain (loss) on investments (269) (1,440) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (37,614) 11,024 Net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (37,883) 9,584 Net increase in members equity resulting from operations 4,651 54,226 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 12 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS EQUITY 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations Net investment income (loss) 42,534 44,642 Net realized gain (loss) on investments (269) (1,440) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (37,614) 11,024 Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations 4,651 54,226 Capital transactions Dividends declared (41,000) (40,000) Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from capital transactions (41,000) (40,000) Net increase (decrease) in members equity (36,349) 14,226 Members equity (deficit) at beginning of year (17,781) (32,007) Members deficit at end of year (54,130) (17,781) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 13 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations 4,651 54,226 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Payment-in-kind interest (702) Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,116 2,575 Amortization of discount on notes 341 Net accretion of discount on investments (3,239) (6,221) Net realized (gain) loss on investments 269 1,440 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 37,614 (11,024) Cost of investments purchased and change in payable for investments purchased (203,028) (463,089) Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments 186,723 613,167 Changes in operating assets Interest receivable (838) (80) Prepaid expenses and other assets 157 (219) Changes in operating liabilities Interest and credit facility fees payable 4,424 (1,269) Other accrued expenses and liabilities (93) 335 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 27,054 190,182 Cash flows from financing activities Repayment of subordinated loans (46,000) Borrowings on Credit Fund Facilities and Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility 170,000 496,250 Repayments of Credit Fund Facilities and Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility (182,030) (409,860) Repayments of 2019-2 CLO notes (255,832) Debt issuance costs paid (1,035) (495) Dividends paid in cash (40,000) (40,000) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (53,065) (255,937) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (26,011) (65,755) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 54,041 119,796 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 28,030 54,041 Supplemental disclosures Dividends declared during the year 41,000 40,000 Interest paid during the year 19,540 20,097 Taxes paid during the year 207 186 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 14 

MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT FUND, LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 1. ORGANIZATION 
 Middle Market Credit Fund, LLC Credit Fund is a Delaware limited liability company formed on February 4, 2016. On February 29, 2016, Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. CSL and Credit Partners USA LLC Credit Partners and, together with CSL, the Members and, each, a Member entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement, which was subsequently amended and restated on June 24, 2016, February 22, 2021 and May 16. 2022 (as amended, the LLC Agreement to co-manage Credit Fund. Credit Fund is managed by a six-member board of managers Board of Managers ), on which CSL and Credit Partners (each, a Member, and collectively, the Members each have equal representation. Investment decisions must be unanimously approved by a quorum of the investment committee, which is comprised of persons appointed equally by each Member Investment Committee ). The Members each have 50 economic ownership of Credit Fund and have commitments to fund, from time to time, capital and subordinated loans of up to 250,000 each. Credit Fund commenced substantial operations on May 11, 2016, the date of the first capital call. 
 Credit Fund s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments in U.S. middle market companies. 
 Middle Market Credit Fund SPV, LLC (the Credit Fund Sub ), MMCF CLO 2017-1 LLC, MMCF CLO 2019-2, LLC (the 2019-2 Issuer and MMCF Warehouse II, LLC (the Credit Fund Warehouse II ), each a Delaware limited liability company, were formed on April 5, 2016, October 6, 2017, November 26, 2018 and August 16, 2019, respectively. Credit Fund Sub, the 2019-2 Issuer and the Credit Fund Warehouse II are wholly owned subsidiaries of Credit Fund and are consolidated in Credit Fund s consolidated financial statements commencing from the date of their respective formations. Credit Fund Sub primarily invests in first lien loans of middle market companies. The 2019-2 Issuer and Credit Fund Warehouse II subsidiaries repaid their borrowings in full and were terminated during 2021 and 2022, respectively. Credit Fund and its wholly owned subsidiaries follow the same Internal Risk Rating System as CSL. 
 Carlyle Global Credit Administration L.L.C. (the Administrator provides the administrative services necessary for Credit Fund to operate. The Administrator is a wholly owned subsidiary of Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C., a subsidiary of The Carlyle Group Inc.. Carlyle refers to The Carlyle Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, a global investment firm publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CG . 
 Credit Fund has a five-year investment period commencing on February 29, 2016, which was extended to May 21, 2023. Such period may be extended, suspended or sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement. After the end of the investment period, the LLC Agreement will continue to be in full force and effect and Credit Fund will not be dissolved until all the investments are amortized, liquidated or are otherwise transferred or disposed of by Credit Fund, the Credit Fund Sub, and the Credit Warehouse II and, if applicable, any other subsidiary. 
 
 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). Credit Fund is an investment company for the purposes of accounting and financial reporting in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ). U.S. GAAP for an investment company requires investments to be recorded at their estimated fair value. The carrying value for all other assets and liabilities approximates their fair value. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Credit Fund and its wholly owned subsidiaries, the Credit Fund Sub, the 2019-2 Issuer and the Credit Fund Warehouse II. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and 
 15 

liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management s estimates are based on historical experiences and other factors, including expectations of future events that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. It also requires management to exercise judgment in the process of applying Credit Fund s accounting policies. Assumptions and estimates regarding the valuation of investments and their resulting impact on base management and incentive fees involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity and these assumptions and estimates may be significant to the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates and such differences could be material. 
 Investments 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment using the specific identification method without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and includes investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments as presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations reflects the net change in the fair value of investments, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. See Note 3 for further information about fair value measurements. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of demand deposits and highly liquid investments (e.g., money market funds, U.S. treasury notes) with original maturities of three months or less. Cash equivalents are carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. Credit Fund s cash and cash equivalents are held with two large financial institutions and cash held in such financial institutions may, at times, exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Credit Fund had restricted cash balances of 14,393 and 10,816, respectively, which represent amounts that are collected by trustees who have been appointed as custodians of the assets securing certain of the Credit Fund's financing transactions, and held for payment of interest expense and principal on the outstanding borrowings. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Interest from Investments and Realized Gain Loss on Investments 
 Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis and includes the accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums. Discounts from and premiums to par value on debt investments purchased are accreted amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method. The amortized cost of debt investments represents the original cost, including origination fees, adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums, if any. At time of exit, the realized gain or loss on an investment is the difference between the amortized cost at time of exit and the cash received at exit using the specific identification method. 
 Credit Fund may have loans in its portfolio that contain payment-in-kind PIK provisions. PIK represents interest that is accrued and recorded as interest income at the contractual rates, increases the loan principal on the respective capitalization dates, and is generally due at maturity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the loans in the portfolio with PIK provisions was 49,950 and 0, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund earned 480 and 1,183 in PIK income, respectively, included in interest income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Other Income 
 Other income may include income such as consent, waiver, amendment, unused, syndication and prepayment fees associated with Credit Fund s investment activities as well as any fees for managerial assistance services rendered by Credit Fund to portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as income when earned or the services are rendered. Credit Fund may receive fees for guaranteeing the outstanding debt of a portfolio company. Such fees will be amortized into other income over the life of the guarantee. The unamortized amount, if any, is included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members Capital. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund earned 1,434 and 1,664, respectively, in other income. 
 Non-Accrual Income 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed when a 
 16 

loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are current or there is no longer any reasonable doubt that such principal or interest will be collected in full and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may determine not to place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no loans on non-accrual status. 
 Credit Fund Facilities, 2019-2 Notes and Related Costs, Expenses and Deferred Financing Costs 
 Interest expense and unused commitment fees on the Credit Fund Facility and Credit Fund Sub Facility (collectively, the Credit Fund Facilities are recorded on an accrual basis. Unused commitment fees are included in interest expense and credit facility fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Credit Fund Facilities are recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value. 
 Deferred financing costs include capitalized expenses related to the closing of the Credit Fund Facilities. Amortization of deferred financing costs for each credit facility is computed on the straight-line basis over the respective term of each credit facility. The amortization of such costs is included in interest expense and credit facility fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Debt issuance costs include capitalized expenses including structuring and arrangement fees related to the offering of the 2019-2 Notes. In August 2021, the 2019-2 Notes were redeemed and repaid in full. Amortization of debt issuance costs for the Notes was computed on the effective yield method until their respective redemption dates, and is included in interest expense and credit facility fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Prior to their redemption, the 2019-2 Notes were recorded at carrying value, which approximated fair value. 
 Income Taxes 
 Credit Fund has elected to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No provision is made for federal or state income taxes since income and losses are allocated to the individual Members who are responsible for reporting such and paying any taxes thereon. However, certain items of income distributed to Members may be subject to withholding or other taxes on behalf of those Members. Credit Fund has not recorded a liability for any uncertain tax positions pursuant to the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740, Tax Provisions . 
 Credit Fund is not subject to federal and state taxes although it may be subject to local taxes in relation to loans originated by Credit Fund. Credit Fund is subject to New York City unincorporated business tax UBT ). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, UBT, including related interest and penalties, of 234 and 220, respectively, was included within other general and administrative in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Credit Fund Sub, 2019-2 Issuer and Credit Fund Warehouse II are disregarded entities for tax purposes and are consolidated with the tax return of Credit Fund. 
 Allocations to Members 
 To the extent that Credit Fund has income (loss) net of expenses accrued in accordance with the LLC Agreement, net realized gain (loss) and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, Credit Fund will allocate such amounts among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership interests in accordance with the LLC Agreement. 
 Capital Calls and Dividends and Distributions to Members 
 Capital contributions are made by the Members on a pro rata basis based on their respective capital commitments and recorded on the effective date of the contributions. To the extent that Credit Fund has taxable income available, Credit Fund intends to make distributions quarterly in an amount equal to the investment company taxable income and net capital gains (each as computed under Subchapter M of the Code) earned in the preceding quarter, shared among the Members on a pro rata basis based on their respective membership interests. Dividends and distributions to members are recorded on the record date. The amount to be distributed is determined by the Members with prior board approval each quarter and is generally based upon the taxable earnings estimated by management and available cash. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed at least annually, although Credit Fund may decide to retain such capital gains for investment. Such payments to Members relating to their membership interests are reflected as dividends. 
 17 

The Members, with prior board approval, may determine to make a distribution in addition to that required above from available cash or cash equivalents received from one or more investments (whether from principal repayment or otherwise and after reduction of any applicable withholding or reserves). Any such distributions shall be shared among the Members as follows 
 (i) first, to pay any outstanding loans made by a Member or its affiliates, with prior board approval, to temporarily fund obligations for valid company purposes listed in the LLC Agreement until capital contributions are made by the Members and any interest accrued thereon 
 (ii) second, to the Members in respect of any accrued and unpaid interest on the subordinated loans contributed by Members as subsequent capital contributions to Credit Fund in proportion to the outstanding balances of such subordinated loans 
 (iii) third, to the Members in respect of any unpaid principal amount of the subordinated loans contributed by Members as subsequent capital contributions to Credit Fund in proportion to the outstanding balance of such subordinated loans and 
 (iv) fourth, to the Members as distributions in respect of their limited liability company interests in Credit Fund in proportion to their respective capital account balances. 
 Functional Currency 
 The functional currency of Credit Fund is the U.S. Dollar and all transactions were in U.S. Dollars. 
 Recent Accounting Standards Updates 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendments apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which expanded the scope of Topic 848 to include derivative instruments impacted by discounting transition. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which defers the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging transactions as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-04, 2021-01 and 2022-06 on its consolidated financial statements. The Company does not expect this guidance to impact its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 Credit Fund applies fair value accounting in accordance with the terms of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be exchanged to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transfer between market participants at the measurement date. Credit Fund values securities instruments traded in active markets on the measurement date by multiplying the closing price of such traded securities instruments by the quantity of shares or amount of the instrument held. Credit Fund may also obtain quotes with respect to certain of its investments, such as its securities instruments traded in active markets and its liquid securities instruments that are not traded in active markets, from pricing services, brokers, or counterparties (i.e., consensus pricing ). When doing so, Credit Fund determines whether the quote obtained is sufficient according to U.S. GAAP to determine the fair value of the security. Credit Fund may use the quote obtained or alternative pricing sources may be utilized including valuation techniques typically utilized for illiquid securities instruments. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of Credit Fund s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been reported had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the realized gains or losses on investments to be different from the net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation currently reflected in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 18 

U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which ranks the level of observability of market price inputs used in measuring investments at fair value. The observability of inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment and state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Investments with readily available quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets generally have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value. 
 Investments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in determination of fair values, as follows 
 Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments in Level 1 generally include unrestricted securities, including equities and derivatives, listed in active markets. Credit Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where Credit Fund holds a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price. 
 Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date and are those other than quoted prices in active markets. The type of financial instruments in this category generally includes less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in other than active markets, government and agency securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. 
 Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to overall fair value measurement. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are in this category generally include investments in privately-held entities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs. 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the overall fair value measurement. Credit Fund s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the investment. 
 Transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the beginning of the year in which the transfers occur. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between levels. 
 The following tables summarize Credit Fund s investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis by the above fair value hierarchy levels as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 Assets First Lien Debt 902,720 902,720 Equity Investments Total 902,720 902,720 
 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets First Lien Debt 926,959 926,959 Equity Investments Total 926,959 926,959 
 The changes in Credit Fund s investments at fair value for which Credit Fund has used Level 3 inputs to determine fair value and net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings for Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows 
 19 

Financial Assets for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 First Lien Debt Equity Investments Total Balance, beginning of year 926,959 926,959 Purchases 198,511 198,511 Sales (8,348) (8,348) Paydowns (179,758) (179,758) Accretion of discount 3,239 3,239 Net realized gains (losses) (269) (269) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (37,614) (37,614) Balance, end of year 902,720 902,720 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included on the Consolidated Statements of Operations related to investments still held at the reporting date (36,114) (36,114) 
 
 Financial Assets for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Equity Investments Total Balance, beginning of year 1,029,687 24,113 2,581 1,056,381 Purchases 468,308 468,308 Sales (78,994) (24,065) (103,059) Paydowns (510,428) (48) (510,476) Accretion of discount 6,200 21 6,221 Net realized gains (losses) (1,764) 324 (1,440) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 13,950 (345) (2,581) 11,024 Balance, end of year 926,959 926,959 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included on the Consolidated Statements of Operations related to investments still held at the reporting date 11,531 (2,581) 8,950 

Credit Fund generally uses the following framework when determining the fair value of investments that are categorized as Level 3 
 Investments in debt securities are initially evaluated to determine whether the enterprise value of the portfolio company is greater than the applicable debt. The enterprise value of the portfolio company is estimated using a market approach and an income approach. The market approach utilizes market value (EBITDA) multiples of publicly traded comparable companies and available precedent sales transactions of comparable companies. Credit Fund carefully considers numerous factors when selecting the appropriate companies whose multiples are used to value its portfolio companies. These factors include, but are not limited to, the type of organization, similarity to the business being valued, relevant risk factors, as well as size, profitability and growth expectations. The income approach typically uses a discounted cash flow analysis of the portfolio company. 
 Investments in debt securities that do not have sufficient coverage through the enterprise value analysis are valued based on an expected probability of default and discount recovery analysis. 
 Investments in debt securities with sufficient coverage through the enterprise value analysis are generally valued using a discounted cash flow analysis of the underlying security. Projected cash flows in the discounted cash flow typically represent the relevant security s contractual interest, fees and principal payments plus the assumption of full principal recovery at the security s expected maturity date. The discount rate to be used is determined using an average of two market-based methodologies. Investments in debt securities may also be valued using consensus pricing. 
 The following tables summarize the quantitative information related to the significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 instruments which were carried at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 20 

Range Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 Valuation Techniques Significant Unobservable Inputs Low High Weighted Average Investments in First Lien Debt 708,327 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate 4.84 12.02 8.11 194,393 Consensus Pricing Indicative Quotes 35.67 97.60 90.29 Total First Lien Debt 902,720 Total Level 3 Investments 902,720 
 
 Range Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Valuation Techniques Significant Unobservable Inputs Low High Weighted Average Investments in First Lien Debt 807,360 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate 3.78 11.45 6.63 119,599 Consensus Pricing Indicative Quotes 75.00 100.06 96.38 Total First Lien Debt 926,959 Total Level 3 Investments 926,959 
 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Credit Fund s investments in first lien debt securities are discount rates and indicative quotes. Significant increases in discount rates would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant decreases in indicative quotes in isolation may result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company's investment in equities are discount rates and comparable EBITDA multiples. Significant increases in discount rates would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant decreases in comparable EBITDA multiples would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 
 Financial instruments disclosed but not carried at fair value 
 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of Credit Fund s secured borrowings and subordinated loans disclosed but not carried at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value Secured borrowings 588,621 588,621 600,651 600,651 Subordinated loans 386,000 380,130 386,000 368,282 Total 974,621 968,751 986,651 968,933 
 
 The carrying values of the secured borrowings approximate their respective fair values due to their variable interest rates and are categorized as Level III within the hierarchy. 
 Subordinated loans are valued using discounted cash flow analysis with expected recovery rate of principal and interest. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the subordinated loans are discount rates, default rates and recovery rates. Significant increases in discount rates or default rates would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant decreases in recovery rates would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 The carrying value of other financial assets and liabilities approximates their fair value based on the short term nature of these items. 
 21 

4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 Administration Agreement 
 On February 29, 2016, Credit Fund s Board of Managers approved an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement between Credit Fund and the Administrator. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides services and receives reimbursements equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for its costs and expenses and Credit Fund s allocable portion of overhead incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including Credit Fund s allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by Credit Fund s officer and respective staff who provide services to Credit Fund, operations staff who provide services to Credit Fund. Reimbursement under the Administration Agreement occurs quarterly in arrears. 
 The initial term of the Administration Agreement was two years from February 29, 2016 and, unless terminated earlier, the Administration Agreement renews automatically for successive annual periods. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon at least 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund incurred 344 and 291, respectively, in fees under the Administrative Agreement, which were included in administrative service fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 374 and 118, respectively, was unpaid and included in other accrued expenses and liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members Capital. 
 Sub-Administration Agreements 
 On February 29, 2016, the Administrator entered into sub-administration agreements with Carlyle Employee Co. Pursuant to the agreement, Carlyle Employee Co. provides the Administrator with access to personnel. 
 On April 5, 2016, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Sub-Administration Agreement ). This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated. The Sub-Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon at least 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees incurred in connection with the Sub-Administration Agreement, which amounted to 292 and 300, respectively, were included in other general and administrative in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 148 and 750, respectively, was unpaid and included in other accrued expenses and liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members Capital. 
 Transactions with CSL 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Credit Fund purchased eight and eight investments, respectively, from CSL for proceeds of 113,509 and 118,204, respectively. 
 Other 
 No management or incentive fees are incurred by Credit Fund. 

5. BORROWINGS 
 Credit Fund Facilities 
 The Credit Fund, Credit Fund Sub, and Credit Fund Warehouse II are party to separate credit facilities as described below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund, Credit Fund Sub, and Credit Fund Warehouse II were in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of their respective credit facility agreements. Below is a summary of the borrowings and repayments under the credit facilities for the respective periods. 
 22 

Credit Fund Facility Credit Fund Sub Facility Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility Outstanding balance as of December 31, 2020 420,859 93,402 Borrowings 444,000 52,250 Repayments (350,238) (59,622) Outstanding balance as of December 31, 2021 514,621 86,030 Borrowings 170,000 Repayments (96,000) (86,030) Outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 588,621 
 
 Credit Fund Facility . On June 24, 2016, Credit Fund closed on the Credit Fund Facility, which was subsequently amended on June 5, 2017, October 2, 2017, November 3, 2017, June 22, 2018, June 29, 2018, February 21, 2019, March 20, 2020, February 22, 2021 and May 19, 2022, pursuant to which Credit Fund may from time to time request mezzanine loans from CSL. The maximum principal amount of the Credit Fund Facility is 175,000, subject to availability under the Credit Fund Facility, which is based on certain advance rates multiplied by the value of Credit Fund s portfolio investments net of certain other indebtedness that Credit Fund may incur in accordance with the terms of the Credit Fund Facility. Proceeds of the Credit Fund Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. Amounts drawn under the Credit Fund Facility bear interest at the greater of zero and LIBOR plus an applicable spread of 9.00 and such interest payments are made quarterly. The availability period under the Credit Fund Facility will terminate on May 21, 2023, which is also its maturity date upon which Credit Fund is obligated to repay any outstanding borrowings. 
 Credit Fund Sub Facility . On June 24, 2016, Credit Fund Sub closed on the Credit Fund Sub Facility with lenders, which was subsequently amended on May 31, 2017, October 27, 2017, August 24, 2018, December 12, 2019, March 11, 2020, May 3, 2021, and May 3, 2022. The Credit Fund Sub Facility provides for secured borrowings during the applicable revolving period up to an amount equal to 640,000 (the borrowing base as calculated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Fund Sub Facility). The aggregate maximum credit commitment can be increased up to an amount not to exceed 1,400,000, subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Credit Fund Sub Facility, including adequate collateral to support such borrowings. The Credit Fund Sub Facility has a revolving period through May 23, 2023 and a maturity date of May 23, 2025, which may be extended by mutual agreement of the parties to the Credit Fund Sub Facility. Borrowings under the Credit Fund Sub Facility bear interest initially at the applicable commercial paper rate (if the lender is a conduit lender) or SOFR plus 2.35 . The Credit Fund Sub is also required to pay an undrawn commitment fee of between 0.50 and 0.75 per year depending on the usage of the Credit Fund Sub Facility. Payments under the Credit Fund Sub Facility are made quarterly. Subject to certain exceptions, the Facility is secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Credit Fund Sub. 
 Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility . On August 16, 2019, Credit Fund Warehouse II closed on a revolving credit facility (the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility with lenders. The Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility provided for secured borrowings during the applicable revolving period up to an amount equal to 150,000. The Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility was secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility. The maturity date of the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility was August 16, 2022 and Credit Fund Warehouse II repaid all outstanding amounts on June 28, 2022. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility during the first 12 months bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.05 , and amounts borrowed in the second 12 months bore interest at LIBOR plus 1.15 . Other amounts borrowed under the Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.50 . 
 
 23 

Summary of Facilities 
 The facilities of Credit Fund, Credit Fund Sub, and Credit Fund Warehouse II consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 Total Facility Borrowings Outstanding Unused 
 Portion (1) 
 Secured borrowings - Credit Fund Sub Facility 640,000 588,621 51,379 Credit Fund Facility 175,000 175,000 Total 815,000 588,621 226,379 December 31, 2021 Total Facility Borrowings Outstanding Unused 
 Portion (1) 
 Secured borrowings - Credit Fund Sub Facility 640,000 514,621 125,379 Secured borrowings - Credit Fund Warehouse II Facility 150,000 86,030 63,970 Credit Fund Facility 175,000 175,000 Total 965,000 600,651 364,349 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees are based. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 8,038 and 3,507 of interest expense, respectively, 127 and 153 of unused commitment fees, respectively, and 0 and 81 of other fees, respectively, were included in interest and credit facility fees payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the interest rate was 6.61 and 2.24 , respectively, based on floating SOFR rates. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average interest rates were 4.12 and 2.43 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, average principal debt outstanding was 562,713 and 573,112, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components of interest expense and credit facility fees on the facilities were as follows 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest expense 23,181 13,919 Facility unused commitment fee 864 951 Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,116 1,064 Other fees 34 82 Total interest expense and credit facility fees 25,195 16,016 Cash paid for interest expense 19,540 14,519 

6. NOTES 
 
 2019-2 Notes 
 On May 21, 2019, Credit Fund completed the 2019-2 Debt Securitization. The notes offered in the 2019-2 Debt Securitization (the 2019-2 Notes were issued by the 2019-2 Issuer, a wholly owned and consolidated subsidiary of Credit Fund, and are secured by a diversified portfolio of the 2019-2 Issuer consisting primarily of first and second lien senior secured loans. The 2019-2 Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of the 2019-2 Notes, consisting of 
 233,000 of Aaa AAA Class A-1 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.50 
 48,000 of Aa2 AA Class A-2 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.40 
 23,000 of A2 A Class B Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 3.45 
 24 

27,000 of Baa2 BBB- Class C Notes which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 4.55 and 
 21,000 of Ba2 BB- Class D Notes which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 8.03 . 
 The 2019-2 Notes were scheduled to mature on April 15, 2029. Credit Fund received 100 of the preferred interests issued by the 2019-2 Issuer (the 2019-2 Issuer Preferred Interests on the closing date of the 2019-2 Debt Securitization in exchange for Credit Fund s contribution to the 2019-2 Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio. The 2019-2 Issuer Preferred Interests did not bear interest and had a nominal value of 48,300 at closing. 
 On the closing date of the 2019-2 Debt Securitization, the 2019-2 Issuer effected a one-time distribution to the Credit Fund of a substantial portion of the proceeds of the private placement of the 2019-2 Notes, net of expenses, which distribution was used to repay amounts outstanding under a separate Credit Fund Warehouse Facility. As part of the 2019-2 Debt Securitization, certain first and second lien senior secured loans were distributed by the Credit Fund Warehouse to the Company pursuant to a distribution and contribution agreement. Credit Fund contributed the loans that comprised the initial closing date loan portfolio (including the loans distributed to Credit Fund from the Credit Fund Warehouse) to the 2019-2 Issuer pursuant to a contribution agreement. Assets of the 2019-2 Issuer are not available to the creditors of the Credit Fund Warehouse or Credit Fund. In connection with the issuance and sale of the 2019-2 Notes, Credit Fund made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the purchase agreement. 
 Credit Fund Servicer serves as servicer to the 2019-2 Issuer under a servicing agreement (the Servicing Agreement ). Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, Credit Fund has waived payment of servicing fees by the 2019-2 Issuer Servicing Fees so long as Credit Fund, or any affiliate thereof, is acting as servicer. Therefore, the Servicer did not earn any Servicing Fees from the 2019-2 Issuer and any such waived fees were not be recaptured by the Servicer. 
 The 2019-2 Issuer paid ongoing administrative expenses to the trustee, independent accountants, legal counsel, rating agencies and independent managers in connection with developing and maintaining reports, and providing required services in connection with the administration of the 2019-2 Issuer. 
 The 2019-2 Notes were fully redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of the redemption date and December 31, 2021, the 2019-2 Issuer was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of the indenture. 
 For the period from January 1, 2021 through the redemption dated August 27, 2021, the weighted average interest rate, which includes amortization of debt issuance costs on the 2019-2 Notes, was 3.85 , based on floating LIBOR rates. 
 For the period from January 1, 2021 through the redemption dated August 27, 2021 Redemption ), the components of interest expense on the 2019-2 Notes were as follows 
 For the period from January 1, 2021 through Redemption 2021 Interest expense 3,894 Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,511 Amortization of discount 341 Total interest expense and credit facility fees 5,746 Cash paid for interest expense 5,578 

7. MEMBERS EQUITY AND SUBORDINATED LOANS 
 The Members each have 50 economic ownership of Credit Fund and have commitments to fund, from time to time, capital and subordinated loans of up to 250,000 each (reduced from 400,000 each). Funding of such commitments generally requires the approval of the board of Credit Fund, including the board members appointed by the Members. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, CSL and Credit Partners each received an aggregate return of capital on the subordinated loans of 0 and 23,000 from Credit Fund. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund had subordinated loans of 386,000 and 386,000, respectively, and members equity of 2 and 2, respectively. The subordinated loans have a stated interest rate of 0.001 . On February 22, 2021, these were extended to December 31, 2024. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, CSL and Credit Partners have remaining commitments to fund, from time to time, capital of up to 56,999 and 56,999 each, respectively. 
 25 

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 A summary of significant contractual payment obligations was as follows as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 As of December 31, Payment Due by Period 2022 2021 Less than 1 Year 386,000 1-3 Years 386,000 86,030 3-5 Years 588,621 514,621 More than 5 Years Total 974,621 986,651 
 In the ordinary course of its business, Credit Fund enters into contracts or agreements that contain indemnification and warranties. Future events could occur that lead to the execution of these provisions against Credit Fund. Credit Fund believes that the likelihood of such an event is remote however, the maximum potential exposure is unknown. No accrual has been made in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for any such exposure. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund had remaining 113,998 and 113,998, respectively, in total capital commitments from the members. 
 Credit Fund had the following unfunded commitments to fund delayed draw and revolving senior secured loans as of the indicated dates 
 Par Value as of December 31, 2022 2021 Unfunded delayed draw commitments 1,945 40,849 Unfunded revolving term loan commitments 35,738 39,534 Total unfunded commitments 37,683 80,383 
 
 9. LEGAL MATTERS 
 Credit Fund may become party to certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. Credit Fund does not believe that the outcome of current matters, if any, will materially impact Credit Fund or its consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Credit Fund was not subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to Credit Fund s knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against Credit Fund. 
 
 10. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Internal rate of return (1) 
 N M N M Ratios and supplemental data Ratios to average members equity Operating expenses (2) 
 203,198 204,450 Interest expense (2) 
 1,159,052 983,300 Total expenses (2) 
 1,362,250 1,187,750 Net investment income (3) 
 2,126,700 2,232,100 
 
 (1) The internal rate of return since inception IRR was computed based on the dates of members equity contributions to Credit Fund, distributions from Credit Fund to Members in respect of their equity, and the fair value of the members equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The IRR of the Members is net of all fees and expenses. Because IRR does not include contributions from, distribution to or the carrying value of the Members subordinated loans, the IRRs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are not a meaningful measure of Credit Fund s performance for its Members. Inclusive of contributions from, distribution to and the carrying value of the Members equity and subordinated loans, the IRR of the Members equity and subordinated loans for the period 
 26 

from the commencement of operations to December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 9.54 , 11.35 , and 10.16 , respectively. 
 (2) The expense ratios are calculated as the total operating expenses allocated to the Members divided by the fair value of the Members weighted average capital balance for the period presented as defined by the disclosure requirements for investment companies. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, there are no management or incentive fees. Expenses were not annualized in calculating the expense ratio. Because the expense ratios do not include the carrying value of the Members weighted average subordinated loans, the expense ratios for the period from the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are not a meaningful measure of Credit Fund s for its Members. Inclusive of the carrying value of the Members equity and subordinated loans, the total expense ratio of the Members equity and subordinated loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 7.77 and 6.21 , respectively. 
 (3) The net investment income ratio is the excess of the Members investment income over total expenses divided by the fair value of the Members weighted average capital balance for the period presented. Net investment income was not annualized in calculating the net investment income ratio. Because the net investment income ratio does not include the carrying value of the Members weighted average subordinated loans, the net investment income ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are not a meaningful measure of Credit Fund s net investment income for its Members. Inclusive of the carrying value of the Members equity and subordinated loans, the net investment income ratio of the Members equity and subordinated loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 12.13 and 11.70 , respectively. 
 
 11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 Subsequent events have been evaluated through February 27, 2023, which is the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. There have been no subsequent events that require recognition or disclosure through such date, except as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 27 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 csl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 csl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 csl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 csl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 csl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

