<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1834336_0001213900-23-024820.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4053491</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235751</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>794070</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>870781</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1069135</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>980592</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024820.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330191417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024820
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Finserv Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001834336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				854030806
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40076
		FILM NUMBER:		23782306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2035582171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024820.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_finservacq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-quarter of one redeemable Warrant FSRXU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share FSRXW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the Class A common
stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing
price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was . 

As of March 30, 2023 there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and one share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of
the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 17 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 17 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 17 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 18 
 
 Item 6. 
 [ Reserved] 
 18 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 18 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 22 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data. 
 22 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 22 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 22 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 23 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign
 Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 23 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance. 
 24 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 28 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 28 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 29 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees
 and Services. 
 31 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement
 Schedules. 
 32 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 32 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined
below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, 
 continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to,
any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are
not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results
may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination; 

our potential ability to
 obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers
 and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

our public securities 
 potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
 held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Adviser are to the consulting company we entered into an agreement with on August 12, 2022, pursuant to which the consulting company performs such services as requested by us from time to time; 

anchor investors are to certain qualified institutional
buyers or institutional accredited investors (who have an indirect interest in the securities owned by our sponsor (as defined below))
and who are not affiliated with any member of our management team, who could (but were not required to) have purchased an aggregate of
approximately 98 million of units in our initial public offering (as defined below), as further described herein; 

ii 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

Barclays and Citigroup are to Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., respectively, the representatives of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Charter Amendment are to the amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 21, 2023; 

Class
A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class
B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the 30-month period, from the closing of the initial public
 offering to August 22, 2023, that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination (or such earlier date as determined
 by the board), which 30-month period constitutes a six-month extension from the 24-month period for consummating an initial business
 combination that existed prior to the date of the Charter Amendment; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock
and the Class B common stock; 

Company, our Company, we or us are to
 FinServ Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

conversion shares are to the 7,499,999 shares of Class A common stock issued to our
 sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock on January 30, 2023; 

DGCL 
are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC
System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FinServ I are to FinServ Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and SPAC (as defined below) that completed its initial business combination with Katapult Holdings, Inc. on June 9, 2021; 

founder
 shares are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in the private placement (as defined below),
 the conversion shares and the share of Class A common stock to be issued upon the automatic conversion of the share of Class B common
 stock at the time of our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not
 be public shares (as defined below)); 

IFRS 
 are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

iii 

initial
 public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on February 22,
 2021; 

initial
 stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management 
 or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Nasdaq 
 are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

PCAOB 
 are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement are to the private placement of units (as defined below) that
 occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering; 

private placement shares are to the shares of our common stock included within the
 private placement units (as defined below); 

private placement units are to the units issued to our sponsor in the private
 placement; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants included within the private placement
 units; 

public
 shares are to the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were
 purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the
holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members
of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s
status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of
 one public share and one-quarter of one public warrant; 

public
warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed
for in our initial public offering or purchased in the open market); 

Registration
Statement are to the Registration Statements on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on February 2, 2021 and
February 17, 2021, respectively, as amended, and declared effective on February 17, 2021 (File Nos. 333-252672 and 333-253231); 

Report 
are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

Special Meeting are to the special meeting in lieu of the 2022 annual meeting of our
 stockholders that was held on February 20, 2023; 

sponsor are
 to FinServ Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust
account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 300,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units
in the initial public offering and the private placement units was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the public units and the private
placement units; 

U.S. GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America; 

Withum are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting
 firm; and 

Working
Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business
combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting our initial business combination. 

Initial Public Offering 

On February 22, 2021, we
consummated our initial public offering of 300,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-quarter
of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common
stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 300,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 800,000 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of
 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. 

A total of 300,000,000,
comprised of 294,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 6,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private
placement units was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Lee Einbinder, our Chief Executive Officer,
and Howard Kurz, our President, who have over 30 years of experience in the financial services and financial technology FinTech industries. 

Charter Amendment 

On February 20, 2023, at the Special Meeting, our stockholders approved
the Charter Amendment by which we extended our Combination Period from February 22, 2023 to August 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined
by the board), with stockholders holding 25,040,997 shares of our Class A common stock exercising their right to redeem such shares for
a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. If our initial business combination is not consummated during this Combination Period
ending August 22, 2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Common Stock Conversion 

On January 30, 2023, we issued
an aggregate of 7,499,999 shares of Class A common stock to our sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common
stock. These conversion shares are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B common stock before the conversion, including,
among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business
combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Following the conversion, our sponsor was the beneficial
owner of 8,299,999 shares of our Class A common stock and one share of our Class B common stock. 

Business Strategy 

We have primarily focused
our efforts in identifying businesses in the FinTech and financial services industries, with particular emphasis on businesses that offer
a differentiated technology platform and/or products for interfacing with the financial services sector, including digital assets, capital
markets trading and infrastructure, payments, traditional and alternative asset managers, wealth management, specialty finance companies,
insurance and real estate services. Over the past several years, there has been a rise in the level of sophistication and interconnectivity
between innovative technology and financial services providers, and we expect this trend to continue and accelerate. We believe that
there are many potential targets within the FinTech and financial services sectors that could become attractive public companies. These
potential targets exhibit a broad range of business models and financial characteristics that range from very high growth innovative
companies to more mature businesses with established franchises, recurring revenues and strong cash flows. 

There has been significant
disruption and change in the delivery of financial services in recent years, and we seek companies that are involved with, among others: 

point
 of sale payment platforms; 

banking
 technology; 

payments
 processing for consumers and businesses; 

digital
 assets and blockchain technology; 

1 

wealth
management and technology; 

exchanges
 and trading platforms; 

big data moving to the cloud, application programming interface, data
security; 

mortgage
 technology and services; 

insurance
 technology and services; 

regulatory
 technology for financial services; and 

real estate
 and prop tech services. 

With the increased adoption
of technology solutions by both consumers and businesses, we believe that the sector is poised for continued growth in both overall market
size and penetration. Key industry characteristics include sustainable long-term organic growth, technology disruption, attractive
competitive dynamics, and further consolidation opportunities. Key business characteristics include competitive moats, technological
advantages, and a strong management team. Key financial metrics include double digit organic revenue growth, recurring revenues and strong
cash flow conversion with existing or line of sight to profitability. 

We have not limited and do not intend to limit our search to one segment
of the FinTech and financial services ecosystem, but instead target a wide variety of companies that deliver a solution or product to
the financial services end-market. We believe that our extensive experience and demonstrated success in advising and investing in businesses
in this industry provides us with a unique set of capabilities that will be utilized in generating stockholder returns. 

We seek to acquire established
businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial improvements
to maximize value. We also look at earlier stage companies that exhibit the potential to change the industries in which they participate
and which offer the potential of sustained high levels of revenue growth. Consistent with our industry focus, we target FinTech and financial
services businesses that have strong management teams, demonstrated organic growth, and differentiated products or services. Opportunities
range from high-growth, customer facing technologies in payments, lending and digital assets to more mature, high-margin, stable businesses
which may be engaged in lending, asset management, or providing critical processing and support to established financial services firms. 

We believe that the wide networks of our management team will deliver
access to a broad spectrum of opportunities across the FinTech and financial services landscape. In addition to any potential business
candidates we may identify on our own, other target business candidates have been brought and we anticipate they will continue to be brought
to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity and venture capital funds,
and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We have used and will continue
to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely
determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. We seek to acquire companies that we believe: 

are fundamentally
 sound companies that can enhance stockholder value through a combination with us, and offer an attractive risk-adjusted return
 for our stockholders; 

have strong,
 experienced management teams, or provide a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth
 and profitability; 

are at
 an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate through new operational techniques,
 or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

can benefit
 from the application and exploitation of financial services technologies; 

have a
 history of, or potential for, strong, stable free cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams; 

can grow
 both organically and where we believe our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute transactions will help the business
 grow through additional acquisitions; 

2 

have a
 leading or niche market position and demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help to create barriers
 to entry against new competitors; 

can benefit
 from being a publicly traded company, with access to broader capital markets, to achieve the company s growth strategy; and 

exhibit
 unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe can be enhanced based on our analysis and due diligence review. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the
event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business meets some but not all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in the Registration Statement, would be in the form of proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 

We may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon completion of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an enterprise value significantly above
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units. Depending on the size of the transaction
or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including
but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or
the owners of the target, a private placement to raise additional funds, or a combination of the foregoing. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or
our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make
the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While
we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of
our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to
Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way
so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of
the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be
taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than
one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat
the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval,
as applicable. 

3 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, a review of historical
and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), in-depth assessment of
the management talent, on-site inspection of facilities and assets (if possible), discussion with customers and suppliers, assessment
of the organization readiness for public company status, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We also utilize the
expertise of our management team in analyzing companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the
appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor
his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Members of our management
team may become officers or directors of other special purpose acquisition companies before we have entered into a definitive agreement
regarding our initial business combination. 

In addition, members of our management team are not obligated to devote
any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they, in the exercise of their respective business
judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member
of our management team devotes in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management
team. 

We believe our management
team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of
contacts and corporate relationships in the FinTech and financial services industries. This network has grown through the activities
of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing
sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial
market conditions. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our status as
a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business
an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial
business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further
benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination
transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our
shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock
and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and
cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process
takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses
in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not
be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering
is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay
or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with
stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

4 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the
last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, or February 22,
2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30 th . 

Only holders of our founder
shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq considers us to be a controlled company 
within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than
50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company 
and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. We currently do not intend to utilize these exemptions. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for an initial business combination in the amount
of 50,340,835.36 as of February 28, 2023, assuming no further redemptions, after payment of 10,500,000 of deferred underwriting fees
and before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as
creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash,
debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will
allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps
to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations
until we consummate our initial business combination. We will effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the private placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business
combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise),
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing.
We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of
debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business
combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we may target businesses
larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units and may
as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business
combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials
or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required
by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through
loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any
third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

5 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various
unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by
such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses
in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus in connection
with our initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well
as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their
business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.
In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to
us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. We may engage the services
of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We
will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not
otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines
is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any
such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. We may pay our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying,
investigating and completing our initial business combination, which may be paid from the proceeds held in the trust account upon consummation
of an initial business combination. We pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. We reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
business combination. 

Some of our officers and
directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination.
The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business
combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or
directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Potential target companies with whom we may engage in discussions after
the closing of the offering may have had prior discussions with other blank check companies, bankers in the industry and/or other professional
advisors including blank check companies with which our executive officers or board of directors were affiliated. We may pursue transactions
with such potential targets (i) if such other blank check companies are no longer pursuing transactions with such potential targets,
(ii) if we become aware that such potential targets are interested in a potential initial business combination with us and (iii) if
we believe such transactions would be attractive to our stockholders. We have not contacted any of the prospective target businesses that
FinServ I considered and rejected while it was a blank check company searching for target businesses with which to consummate an initial
business combination. However, we may contact such targets if we become aware that such targets are interested in a potential initial
business combination with us and such transaction would be attractive to our stockholders. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which
he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While
we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of
our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

6 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into
account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective business target, we conduct a thorough
due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, in-depth assessment
of the management talent, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, assessment of the organization
readiness for public company status, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may
not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of
the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type
 of Transaction 
 
 Whether 

 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required 
 
 Purchase
 of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase
 of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

7 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue
 shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common
 stock then outstanding; 

any of
 our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively
 have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance
 or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions,
subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage
in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions,
they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or
if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any,
would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject
to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the
purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13
and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held
in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business
combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires
us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that
such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public
warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial
business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may
not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A
common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests
submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent
that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential
selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against
our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business
combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only
be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the
Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

8 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.12 per public share.
The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, the Company has agreed that,
to mitigate the current uncertainty surrounding the implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, funds held in the trust account,
including any interest thereon, will not be used to pay for any excise tax liabilities with respect to any future redemptions prior to
or in connection with the extension of the Combination Period from February 22, 2023 to August 22, 2023, an initial business combination
or liquidation of the Company. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our
initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business
combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as
the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or
stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder
approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding
common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure
an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as
to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements
or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If stockholder approval of
the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or
other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
 solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy
 materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.
Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed to vote their founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering
(including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking
approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial
business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders conversion shares, founder
shares and private placement shares, we would not need any of the 4,959,003 public shares sold in our initial public offering and currently
outstanding to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial
business combination approved, unless otherwise required under applicable law. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to
approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may
make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If a stockholder vote is
not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers,
 and 

9 

file tender
 offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of
 the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender
offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of
public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public
shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the
SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement
relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw
the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible
assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example,
the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy
other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted
for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). Such restriction
shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business
combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option.
The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to
two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System.
The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost
on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. 

10 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and
a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such
stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of
the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the
open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which
stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past
the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical
or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial
business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share
delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not
to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
August 22, 2023, the end of the Combination Period. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provided that we would have only until February 22, 2023, or 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering, to complete our initial business combination. At the Special Meeting held on February 20, 2023, our stockholders approved the
Charter Amendment, by which the Combination Period was extended from February 22, 2023 to August 22, 2023, or such earlier date as is
determined by our board of directors. We filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February
21, 2023. 

If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination during the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect
to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial
business combination during the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after
our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination during the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long
as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our
initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares at such time. 

11 

If we do not consummate our
initial business combination during the Combination Period, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan
of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 610,672 of proceeds
held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

We will depend on sufficient
interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not
sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest
accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000
of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution
would be approximately 10.12, as of December 31, 2022. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.12. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution
must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are
sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although we seek to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and
will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Withum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the
underwriters of our initial public offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust
account. 

In addition, there is no
guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and
prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

12 

We have sought and will continue
to seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we have access to up to approximately 610,672 from the proceeds of our
initial public offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors. As of December 31, 2022, the amount held outside of the trust account was 610,672. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period, may be considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination during the Combination Period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such
redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due
to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our
intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the Combination Period and, therefore, we do
not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b)
of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and
pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank
check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to
acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses.
As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against
us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote.
Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below
(i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes
and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may
be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To
the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.12 per share to our public
stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may
have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the
trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

13 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our
public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination during the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. In no other
circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our
initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses
seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human
and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our
obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be
viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of
their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they
devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage
of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common
stock, and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, U.S. GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may
be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of
potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in
time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the
prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to
prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be
met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12
of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current
intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not 
emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

14 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an
 emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have taken advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our initial public offering, or February 22, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common
stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which
we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to
 emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by nonaffiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are
 a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may
 not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
 time frame; 

our expectations
 around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may
 not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers
 and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may
 not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting
 redemption; 

we may
 issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
 price of our shares at that time; 

you may
 not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust
 account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active
 market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability
 to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business
 combination; 

our financial
 performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of
 revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there
 may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated
 with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

15 

changes
 in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
 and complete an initial business combination; 

we may
 attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
 our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may
 engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial
 public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement
 agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions
 that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives
 may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering,
 including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may
 attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
 result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants
 are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported
 in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate
 an initial business combination; 

since
 our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than
 with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers
 and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection
 with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate
 for our initial business combination; 

changes
 in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations,
 may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
 of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial
business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common
stock at such time is substantially less than 10.12 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not
completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not completed our initial business combination during the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of
 the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such
 proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the
 circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause
 us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we
 would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in
 such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon
 our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on February 21, 2023, we instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held
in the trust account on February 22, 2023, and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in
the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account than the interest we would have received
pursuant to our original trust account investments, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive
upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

16 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target
 companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant
 to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it
 more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded
 securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in
 connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their
 shares for redemption; 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

the removal of 254,201,239.56 from the trust account in connection with the Charter Amendment may
 make the Company a less attractive candidate to potential targets of a business combination. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international
financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial
and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to
acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse
impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects. Our business may be adversely
impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified,
and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks
or other financial institutions. 

For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the
section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration Statement (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on March 29 , 2022 ,(iii) Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, August
12, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively and (iv) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on January 30,
2023. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose
changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are located at c/o Ellenoff Grossman 
Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105, and our telephone number is (929) 529-7125. The cost for our use of
this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support
services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market
 Information 

Our units, public shares
and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols FSRXU, FSRX, and FSRXW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading
on February 18, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on April 12, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 30, 2023, there
were two holders of record of our units, one holder of record of shares of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) 
 Use
 of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public
offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022,
as filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering
and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. Our specific investments in our trust account may change from time to
time. 

On February 21, 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held in the trust account
and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing
demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our
initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account,
the remaining proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or
money market funds. 

(g) 
 Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

18 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Delaware on November 23, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a business combination with one or more businesses. Our sponsor
is FinServ Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

The Registration Statement was declared effective on February 17, 2021. On
February 22, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 30,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300.0 million, and
incurring offering costs of approximately 16.8 million, inclusive of 10.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 800,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit to the sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of approximately 8.0 million. 

Upon the closing of the IPO and the private placement on February 22,
2021, 300.0 million 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the IPO and the private placement was placed in
the trust account, a trust account located in the United States with Continental, and invested only in U.S. government securities, 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution
of the trust account as described below. 

If we have not completed
an initial business combination during the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Recent Developments 

On January 30, 2023, we issued
an aggregate of 7,499,999 shares of Class A common stock to our sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common
stock. These conversion shares are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B common stock before the conversion, including,
among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business
combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Following the conversion, our sponsor was the beneficial
owner of 8,299,999 shares of our Class A common stock and one share of our Class B common stock. 

On February 9, 2023, we entered into a non-redemption agreement with
the sponsor and with one or more unaffiliated parties in exchange for such parties agreement not to redeem an aggregate of 4,850,000
public shares in connection with the Special Meeting. In exchange for the agreement not to redeem their shares, the sponsor agreed to
transfer to the unaffiliated parties an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of our common stock held by the sponsor immediately following the
consummation of an initial business combination if they continue to hold such non-redeemed shares through the Special Meeting. In addition,
we agreed that, to mitigate the current uncertainty surrounding the implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, funds held
in the trust account, including any interest thereon, will not be used to pay for any excise tax liabilities with respect to any future
redemptions prior to or in connection with the extension of the Combination Period to August 22, 2023, an initial business combination
or our liquidation. 

On February 20, 2023, we held the Special Meeting, at which our stockholders
approved the Charter Amendment to extend the end of the Combination Period from February 22, 2023, to August 22, 2023, or such earlier
date as determined by our board of directors. We filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February
21, 2023. In connection with the Charter Amendment, stockholders holding 25,040,997 shares of Class A common stock exercised their right
to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, 254,201,239.56 (approximately 10.15 per
share) was removed from the trust account to pay such holders. 

On February 21, 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held
in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley,
with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation.
As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial public offering
and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

Results of Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately
 7.3 million, which included a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liability of approximately 4.7 million and interest earned
on cash and marketable securities held in trust account of approximately 4.3 million, offset by a loss on investment in mutual funds
of 29,388, a loss from operations of 836,341, and provision for income taxes of 808,562. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net
income of approximately 2.5 million, which consisted of a 3.6 million unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrant liability,
 25,647 of interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in trust account, offset by approximately 0.6 million of formation
and operating costs, approximately 0.5 in million offering costs, and 1,204 on loss on investment in mutual funds. 

Our business activities from
inception to December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of our formation and completing our IPO, and since the offering, our activity has
been limited to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a business combination. 

19 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 0.06 million in our operating bank account and money market funds and working capital of approximately 0.6 million
(excluding tax payable). 

Our liquidity needs up to
February 22, 2021 had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares and the loan under
an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor which was paid in full on February 22, 2021 from the IPO proceeds. Subsequent to the consummation
of the IPO, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held
in the trust account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans.
As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

We have until August 22, 2023 to complete our initial business combination.
If we do not complete our initial business combination by August 22, 2023, the end of the Combination Period, we will begin mandatory
liquidation proceedings, including the cessation of all operations and redemption of the public shares, unless the term is extended and
subject to stockholder approval. 

Based on the foregoing, management
believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation
of an initial business combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using these funds held outside of
the trust account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial business combination candidates,
performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with
or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. However, in light of the mandatory liquidation that
could potentially occur within one year from the date of this filing, management believes there is substantial doubt as to our ability
to continue as a going concern if we do not consummate our initial business combination before August 22, 2023. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We entered into an agreement
whereby, commencing on April 1, 2021 through the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation, we
pay the sponsor a monthly fee of up to 10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support. Upon completion of an initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For year ended December 31, 2022, we did not incur
fees for these services. 

Consulting Agreement 

On August 12, 2022, we entered
into an agreement with the Advisor to perform such services as requested by us from time to time. The principal of the Advisor is our
Chief Financial Officer. The term of the agreement commenced on August 12, 2022 and will terminate upon the earlier of (a) termination
of this engagement at will in accordance with the terms of the agreement; or (b) the consummation of a business combination. As full compensation
for the services on behalf of the Company, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, or employees, we pay a quarterly fee of 30,000
to the Advisor. During the year ended December, 2022, we paid and recorded 60,000 such fees. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our
estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on
historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Except as set forth below, there have been no significant changes in
our critical accounting estimates as discussed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, as filed
with the SEC on April 1, 2022. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption 

All of the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the
units in the initial public offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection
with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with
certain amendments to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC Topic 480-10-S99, ASC 480 ), redemption provisions not
solely within our control require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation
events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions
of ASC 480. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, all shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

20 

We recognize any subsequent
changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock to the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the initial public offering, we recognized the accretion from
initial book value to redemption amount value of redeemable Class A common stock. This method would view the end of the reporting period
as if it were also the redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock also resulted
in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Warrant Liability 

We evaluated the warrants in accordance with ASC Topic 815-40, Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ), and concluded that a provision in the Warrant
Agreement related to certain tender or exchange offers as well as provisions that provided for potential changes to the settlement amounts
dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant, precludes the warrants from being accounted for as components of equity.
As the warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815 and are not eligible for an exception from derivative accounting,
the warrants are recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance sheets and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the
IPO) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized
in the statements of operations in the period of change. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share of Common Stock 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic
260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common
stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period, excluding shares subject to forfeiture. We have not considered
the effect of the warrants sold in the IPO and the private placement to purchase an aggregate of 7,700,000 shares of our Class A common
stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future
events. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Our management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains
provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective
date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result,
we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging
growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

As an emerging growth company, we are not required to,
among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding
mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial
statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between
executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation.
These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging
growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

21 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

22 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to
our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Lee
 Einbinder 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 
 
 Howard
 Kurz 
 
 65 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Steven
 Handwerker 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Robert
 Matza 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 Smilow 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Val
 Soranno Keating 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Vaughan 
 
 47 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Lee Einbinder , our
Chief Executive Officer and a Director since inception, has over 35 years of experience as an M A and capital markets advisor to
financial services and FinTech companies. He is currently a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Katapult
(the successor to FinServ I after its business combination). Mr. Einbinder was previously the Chief Executive Officer and a Director
of FinServ I. Previously, until 2019, Mr. Einbinder was a Vice Chairman at Barclays responsible for senior client relationships
across the financial services industry, including banks, specialty finance, financial technology, asset management and financial sponsors.
Mr. Einbinder was at Barclays since the acquisition of Lehman Brothers in 2008, and during that time was also co-Head of the
Financial Institutions Group and a member of the Investment Banking Operating Committee. Prior to joining Barclays, Mr. Einbinder
worked at Lehman Brothers from 1996 to 2008, where he was Head of the Specialty Finance group and founded the Financial Technology group.
He previously worked in similar capacities at CS First Boston and Salomon Brothers. He received his MBA with Distinction from the Wharton
School and his BSE cum laude from Princeton University. We believe Mr. Einbinder is well qualified to serve as one of our directors
due to his extensive finance and investment experience. 

Howard Kurz, our
President and a Director since inception , has over 35 years of experience as a successful institutional investor and
asset manager. Mr. Kurz was the founder and has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Lily Pond Capital Management LLC LPCM ), an alternative investment manager headquartered in New York since 2001. Most recently, LPCM was the investment
manager of a Private Equity Fund (Lilypad Investors I) which provided early stage operating capital and expertise to an array of
alternative investment management firms. Before founding LPCM, from 1997 to 2000, Mr. Kurz was Managing Director and Head
of North American Financial Markets at The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc. Additionally, he was responsible globally for Foreign Exchange,
Emerging Markets, and principal investments and was a senior member of the division s Executive Committee. Prior to RBS, Mr. Kurz
was a Managing Director at Lehman Brothers where he headed the Multi-Markets Proprietary Trading unit. He is President, Chief Financial
Officer and a Director of FinServ I. He received his BA from University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Kurz is well qualified to
serve as one of our directors due to the breadth and depth of his experience in the finance, banking and investment industries. 

Steven Handwerker, our
Chief Financial Officer since inception, has served as a consultant for FinServ I, and has been extensively involved in all aspects of
its business and operations. Mr. Handwerker previously spent more than 10 years investing in and covering the financial services
and FinTech industries. Before joining FinServ I as a Consultant in 2019, from 2013 to 2017, he was an Analyst on two of Citadel s
Equity Long/Short Hedge Fund platforms, Surveyor Capital and Aptigon Capital, covering companies within financial technology, payments,
insurance, and other financial sub-sectors. Prior to Citadel, Mr. Handwerker was an Investment Banking Analyst in Barclays 
Financial Institutions Group from 2010 to 2013. He received his BBA from Emory University. 

Robert Matza , who has served as one of our directors since February
2021, retired as President, Partner and member of the Executive Committee of GoldenTree in 2019 after almost 14 years at the firm.
Mr. Matza joined GoldenTree in 2006 and managed GoldenTree s business management infrastructure, which provides operational
support to GoldenTree s investment products and client franchise. During his time at GoldenTree, Mr. Matza was part of the
senior management team that oversaw significant growth in assets under management (from approximately 7 billion to over 30 billion),
long only and alternatives (private equity and hedge funds), product lines and personnel. Prior to GoldenTree, Mr. Matza served as
President and Chief Operating Officer of Neuberger Berman, Inc., as well as a member of its Board of Directors and Executive Committee,
and following its acquisition by Lehman Brothers, a member of Lehman Brothers Management and Investment Committees. He joined Neuberger
Berman in 1999 as a Principal, and led the team that successfully completed the initial public offering of Neuberger Berman in November
of that same year. Between 2000 and 2003, he negotiated and completed several acquisitions and lift outs. In 2003, Mr. Matza negotiated
the 2.6 billion sale of the company to Lehman Brothers. Assets under management grew from approximately 55 billion to over
 107 billion from the time that Mr. Matza joined Neuberger Berman, until he left at the end of 2005. Mr. Matza s
industry experience prior to 1996 includes 16 years with Lehman Brothers and its predecessor companies, where he last served as Managing
Director, Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Operating and Investment Committees. In 1996, he joined Travelers Group as its Treasurer
and became Deputy Treasurer of Citigroup after Travelers and Citicorp merged in 1998. While at Citigroup, he served on the Finance, Investment
and Merger Acquisition Committees. He began his professional career at Coopers and Lybrand. Mr. Matza currently serves
on the Board of Managers (as well as audit and compensation committees) of AG Artemis Holding LP, the holding company of Advisor Group
Inc., a privately owned network of independent broker-dealers that was purchased by a private equity firm for 2.3 billion in
2019. Mr. Matza earned his bachelor s degree from the State University of New York at Albany, his MBA in Finance from
New York University and he is a Certified Public Accountant. We believe Mr. Matza is well qualified to serve as one of our directors
due to his asset management, investment and mergers and acquisition experience in the financial industry . 

24 

David Smilow, who
has served as one of our directors since February 2021, has over his career managed portfolios of alternative fixed income assets and
secured investments, including railcars, real estate securities, and distressed assets. He has also sponsored and been an officer or
director of numerous related start-up companies. Mr. Smilow is a founder and partner of ITE Management, which manages roughly
 1.5 billion invested in transportation assets. From 2006 to the present, he has been Founder and Managing Partner at D.Aaron Asset
Management, a venture capital and angel investing platform. From 2001 to 2011, Mr. Smilow was the Founder and Chairman of Jefferson
National Financial JNF ), an insurance company offering variable annuity and other retirement products. Mr. Smilow
oversaw investment activities and strategic planning for JNF, which is now part of 1st Nationwide. In addition, Mr. Smilow was the
Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Information Officer of TeleBanc (now E Trade Bank) from 1989 to 2001. Under his
direction, TeleBanc became among the largest Internet banks worldwide before its sale to E Trade in 1999. Prior to founding TeleBanc,
Mr. Smilow was a fixed income portfolio manager and trader at Goldman Sachs and Drexel Burnham Lambert. He has also taught and lectured
at Harvard Business School, New York University, and The Johns Hopkins University. Mr. Smilow holds a bachelor s degree in
Economics from The Johns Hopkins University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe Mr. Smilow is well qualified to
serve as one of our directors due to his asset management, investment and operational experience in the financial and FinTech industry. 

Val Soranno Keating, who
has served as one of our directors since February 2021, has been senior advisor to a number of private equity firms in the U.S. and Europe
since 2017. From 2009 through 2015, she was a member of the Group Executive Committee and the Chief Executive Officer of Barclaycard,
the global payments division of Barclays. Before joining Barclays, Ms. Soranno Keating held a variety of executive positions and was
a member of the Global Management Team at American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) from 1993 through 2009 including President, Travelers Cheques
 Prepaid Services, Executive Vice President Global Commercial Services, Executive Vice President Global Merchant Services, Emerging
Global Businesses Network Expansion, and Vice President Corporate Strategic Planning. Prior to that, she was a management consultant
at AT Kearney, Inc. from 1985 through 1991, and at the Amherst Group Limited from 1991 through 1993. Ms. Soranno Keating has served on
a number of boards over the course of her career, including American Express Incentive Services from 2001 through 2007, Travelers Cheques
Associates Ltd. from 2002 through 2007, Harbor Payments, Inc. from 2008 through 2009, Barclays Bank of Delaware as Chairman of the Board
from 2010 through 2015, Visa Europe from 2011 through 2015, Apexx Fintech Limited from 2017 to 2020, Engage People Inc. since 2018, OneMain
Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:OMF) since 2018, CPI Card Group, Inc. (OTCQX: PMTS) since 2018, and Billhighway Management LLC since 2021. She holds
a bachelor s degree in Finance and Business Administration from the Lehigh University College of Business. We believe Ms. Soranno
Keating is well qualified to serve as one of our directors due to her operational and consulting experience in the financial industry. 

Michael Vaughan, who
has served as one of our directors since February 2021, has since 2022 been an Operating Partner at Stripes, a growth-stage consumer
and enterprise software venture capital fund, where his focus is on investing in and advising growth-stage fintech businesses. Previously
he was a venture partner at Oak HC/FT from 2019 to 2022 and prior to that served from 2011 to 2019 as Chief Operating Officer at Venmo,
a mobile payments system owned by PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL) since 2013. As one of Venmo s earliest employees, he helped lead the company
from its Series A funding round in 2011 through two strategic acquisitions. Prior to Venmo, Mr. Vaughan played a pivotal role in growing
innovative companies in the wireless space, financial services industry, and event ticketing market. He holds a bachelor s degree
in Economics from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Since 2019, he has served on the board of Stem Disintermedia
Inc., an arts royalty and payments platform. We believe Mr. Vaughan is well qualified to serve as one of our directors due to his operational
experience with early- and growth- stage FinTech companies as well as his venture capital experience. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We currently have six (6) directors. Holders of our founder shares
will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public
shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. Our board of directors is divided into three
classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our
first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we
were not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The Special
Meeting held on February 20, 2023 was held in lieu of our first annual meeting of our stockholders. The term of office of the first class
of directors, consisting of Mr. Smilow and Mr. Vaughan, will expire at our fourth annual meeting of stockholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Matza and Ms. Soranno Keating, will expire at the second annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Einbinder and Kurz, will expire at the third
annual meeting of stockholders. 

25 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that
our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents,
Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq
rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Matza and Smilow and Ms. Soranno Keating serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Matza
chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Matza and Smilow and Ms. Soranno Keating meet the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that each of the audit committee members qualifies as an
 audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment,
 compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the
 SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting
firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators
or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements
or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors.
Mr. Vaughan and Ms. Soranno Keating serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Mr. Vaughan
and Ms. Soranno Keating are independent and Mr. Vaughan chairs the compensation committee. 

26 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required,
 producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

It is likely that prior to
the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation
of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to
form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors.
The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or
approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Matza, Vaughan, Smilow and Ms. Soranno Keating. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the
Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests
of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation
committee charters as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request. We intend
to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

27 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Except as indicated below,
none of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. 

On August 12, 2022, we entered into an agreement with the Adviser to
perform such services as requested by us from time to time. The principal of the Advisor is our Chief Financial Officer. The agreement
commenced on August 12, 2022 and will terminate upon the earlier of: (a) termination of the engagement at will in accordance with the
terms of the agreement; or (b) the consummation of a business combination. As full compensation for the services on behalf of the Company,
or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, or employees, we paya quarterly fee of 30,000 to the Advisor. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we paid and recorded 60,000 in such fees. 

We may pay our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying,
investigating and completing our initial business combination, which may be paid from the proceeds held in the trust account upon consummation
of an initial business combination. These individuals and entities are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, advisors or our or
their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement
payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating
an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, officers or directors who remain with us may
be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to
our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial
business combination because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director
compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board
of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023 based on information obtained from the
persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person
 known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of
 our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our
 executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 13,259,003 shares
of our common stock, consisting of (i) 13,259,002 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) one share of our Class B common stock, issued
and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election of directors of the board prior to our
initial business combination, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single
class, unless otherwise required under applicable law. Currently, the one outstanding share of Class B common stock is convertible into
Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

28 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A
Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 FinServ Holdings II LLC (2)(3)(4) 
 8,299,999 
 62.6 
 1 
 100 
 62.6 
 
 Lee Einbinder (2) 
 8,299,999 
 62.6 
 1 
 100 
 62.6 
 
 Howard Kurz 

Steven Handwerker 

Robert Matza 

David Smilow 

Val Soranno Keating 

Michael Vaughan 

All executive officers and directors as a group 
(7 individuals) 
 8,299,999 
 62.6 
 1 
 100 
 62.6 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Ellenoff Grossman Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the
 Americas, New York, New York 10105. 

(2) 
 FinServ Holdings II LLC,
 our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Lee Einbinder, our Chief Executive Officer, is the sole managing
 members of our sponsor and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held by our sponsor. As such, he
 may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial
 ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly.
 Each of our officers, directors and director nominees is or will be, directly or indirectly, a member of our sponsor. 

(3) 
 Ellenoff Grossman 
 Schole LLP, the company s counsel, has received an interest in our sponsor as compensation for its services in lieu of a cash
 payment for fees relating to our initial public offering. 

(4) Certain third parties signed non-redemption agreements
for 1,000,000 founder shares. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In December 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003
per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 7,187,500 founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public
offering (excluding the private placement units and underlying securities). In February 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.06 shares
for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate number of 7,618,750 founder shares,
including an aggregate of up to 993,750 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters
in full. On February 22, 2021, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, a proportionate
number of founder shares, aggregating 118,750, were forfeited, resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,500,000 founder shares. 

On January 30, 2023, we issued an aggregate of 7,499,999 shares of
Class A common stock to our sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock. These conversion shares
are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B common stock before the conversion, including, among other things, certain
transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described
in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Following the conversion, our sponsor was the beneficial owner of 8,299,999 shares
of our Class A common stock and one share of our Class B common stock. 

29 

Our anchor investors purchased
an aggregate of 98 million (or approximately 39.2 of the units in our initial public offering at the offering price and we have
agreed to direct the underwriters to offer to the anchor investors such amount of units. Further, each of the anchor investors has entered
into a separate agreement with our sponsor pursuant to which such anchor investor has agreed to purchase an indirect interest in founder
shares and private placement units upon closing of our initial public offering. Each anchor investor has agreed with our sponsor that,
if such anchor investor (a) does not own the number of shares of Class A common stock included as part of the units it purchased in our
initial public offering (such number of shares referred to as such anchor investor s initial share allocation (i)
at the time of any stockholder vote with respect to an initial business combination or (ii) on the business day immediately prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination or (b) redeems all or a portion of such shares of Class A common stock in connection
with an initial business combination such that as of the time of such initial business combination it does not own a number of shares
at least equal to its initial share allocation, the allocation of founder shares to such anchor investor will be reduced proportionately
based on the percentage of such anchor investor s initial share allocation the anchor investor has redeemed or sold. In addition,
our anchor investors have agreed that, if our sponsor s managing member deems it necessary in order to facilitate an initial business
combination for our sponsor to forfeit, transfer, exchange or amend the terms of all or any portion of its founder shares or private
placement units or to enter into any other arrangements with respect to such securities, our anchor investors will be subject to the
same changes on a pro rata basis. The anchor investors have not been granted any material additional stockholder or other rights and
are only being issued membership interests in our sponsor with no right to control our sponsor or vote or dispose of their allocable
founder shares or private placement units (which will continue to be held by our sponsor until following our initial business combination).
Further, the anchor investors are not required to: (i) other as described above, hold any units, shares or warrants they may have purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter for any amount time, (ii) vote any shares they may own at the applicable time in favor of
our initial business combination or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial
business combination. 

Because these expressions of interest are not binding agreements or
commitments to purchase, our anchor investors may have determined to purchase more, fewer or no units in our initial public offering.
In addition, the underwriters may have determined to sell more, fewer or no units to our anchor investors. In the event that our anchor
investors purchase such units (either in our initial public offering or after) and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business
combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. However,
our anchor investors are not required to vote their public shares in favor of any initial business combination. Since our anchor investors
will not receive the founder shares to which they are entitled until the closing of our initial business combination, they will not be
able to vote such shares prior to the closing of our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 800,000 private placement
units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 8,000,000. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, private placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire
worthless if we do not consummate a business combination with the Combination Period. 

We pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support commencing on April 1, 2021. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. We may pay our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with
which they are affiliated, a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying, investigating and
completing our initial business combination, which may be paid from the proceeds held in the trust account upon consummation of an initial
business combination. These individuals and entities are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and
will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On August 12, 2022, we entered into an agreement with the Adviser to
perform such services as requested by us from time to time. The principal of the Advisor is our Chief Financial Officer. The agreement
commenced on August 12, 2022 and will terminate upon the earlier of: (a) termination of the engagement at will in accordance with the
terms of the agreement; or (b) the consummation of a business combination. As full compensation for the services on behalf of the Company,
or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, or employees, we paya quarterly fee of 30,000 to the Advisor. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we paid and recorded 60,000 in such fees. 

On December 23, 2020, we
issued an unsecured promissory note to the sponsor for an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the initial public
offering. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion of the initial public
offering. On February 22, 2021, we paid the balance of the promissory note in full from the initial public offering proceeds, and it
is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with
an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an initial
business combination, we would repay any such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from our
trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units, at a price
of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to
the private placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of such Working Capital Loans by our officers and directors, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such Working Capital Loans. We do not expect to seek loans
from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds
and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

30 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement units, and units
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will
have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement
to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our initial public offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders
will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Matza, Vaughan, Smilow and Ms. Soranno Keating
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Withum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 70,133 and 83,290 respectively. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, fees for services rendered to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning by Withum were approximately 5,750
and 5,750, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Withum for
any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

31 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 100) 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December
 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not
applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes
thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

32 

FINSERV ACQUISITION CORP. II 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

FinServ Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of FinServ Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by August 22, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 30, 2023 
PCAOB ID 100 

F- 2 

FINSERV ACQUISITION CORP. II 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Investments in mutual funds 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Cash and investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at approximately and redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 30,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

FINSERV ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Loss on investment in mutual funds 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

FINSERV ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A 
 Common Stock 
 Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Forfeiture of shares due to over-allotment not exercised in full 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

FINSERV ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in deferred liabilities 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of units, net of underwriting discount 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement warrants 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents End of year 

Cash, end of year 

Investment in mutual funds, end of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriters discount payable charged to additional paid-in capital 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

FINSERV ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment
option resulting in the purchase of an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which
is discussed in Note 3. 

placement units (the Placement Units ), at a price of per Placement Unit,
in a private placement to FinServ Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), generating gross
proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. 

,
consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs.
Total transaction costs included of expenses associated with the warrant liability. 

per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Placement
Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of
(a) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in
connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or certain amendments
to the charter prior thereto or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business
Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject
to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public stockholders. 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. 

F- 7 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, (iii) waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the
prescribed time frame, and (iv) vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after
the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

million in its operating bank account and money markets funds and working capital of approximately million (excluding tax
payable). 

F- 8 

for the founder shares (see Note 5) and the loan
under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to , which outstanding balance was paid on February 22, 2021 (see Note
5). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital
Loans (see Note 5). 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 9 

and , respectively. The Company had and of cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

. 

F- 10 

, of which was allocated
to expense associated with the warrant liability and was charged to temporary equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with a full valuation allowance of and ,
respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock in the calculation
of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted
net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share

F- 12 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option resulting
in the purchase of an additional Units. 

Public Warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s
Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. Each warrant will become exercisable
on the later of 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or August 22, 2022, twelve (12) months from the date
of the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 13 

per whole warrant. The fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A common
stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. 

F- 14 

Placement Units at a price of per Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of
 , in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the private placement was added to the proceeds from the IPO held
in the Trust Account. 

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to Public Warrants except that the
Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by the Company,
(ii) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination
Period or if the Company liquidates prior to the expiration of the Combination Period. However, the initial stockholders will be entitled
to redemption rights with respect to any Public Shares held by them if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidate
within the Combination Period. 

, or approximately per share, in consideration for an aggregate of shares of Class B common
stock par value (the Founder Shares ). In February 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares for
each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate number of Founder Shares, including
an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters in full.
On February 22, 2021, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, a proportionate
number of founder shares, aggregating , were forfeited, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 90 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date, following the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination, on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

F- 15 

to cover expenses related to the IPO. This loan was non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. On February 22, 2021, the Company paid the balance of the
promissory note in full from the IPO proceeds, and it is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Placement
units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

for office space, utilities and administrative support.
Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. No
fees were requested, paid or accrued for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company paid and recorded such fees. 

additional Units at the public offering price less the underwriting commissions
to cover over-allotments, if any. On February 22, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option and purchased
 additional units and were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate. 

F- 16 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial Business Combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of preferred stock at par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock at par value of per share. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption. 

shares of Class B common stock at par value of per share. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were shares issued and outstanding. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days
after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date, following the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination,
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO (excluding the placement units
and underlying securities) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the
initial Business Combination, any private-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon
conversion of loans made to the Company). 

F- 17 

Start-up costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income.
The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. 

. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

Transaction costs warrants 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 18 

Investments in mutual funds 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants Liability 

Private Placement Warrants Liability 

Investments in mutual funds 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants Liability 

Private Placement Warrants Liability 

F- 19 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Transfer of Private Placement Warrants to Level 2 

Change in valuation as of December 31, 2021 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

shares of the Company sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection
with the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting called by the Company (the Special Meeting to consider and approve
an extension of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination (the Extension Proposal from February
22, 2023 to August 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors (the Extension ). In exchange
for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such parties an aggregate
of 1,000,00 shares of the Company held by the Sponsor immediately following consummation of an initial business combination if they continued
to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Special Meeting. In addition, the Company has agreed that, to mitigate the current uncertainty
surrounding the implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, funds held in the Trust Account, including any interest thereon,
will not be used to pay for any excise tax liabilities with respect to any future redemptions prior to or in connection with the Extension
an initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. 

shares of Class
A common stock of the Company exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As
a result, (approximately per share) will be removed from the trust account to pay such stockholders. 

F- 20 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement,
 dated February 17, 2021, by and among the Company, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc. (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate
 of Incorporation. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (7) 
 
 3.3 
 
 By Laws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate.
 (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common
 Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate.
 (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated
 February 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered
 Securities. (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated
 February 17, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated
 November 23, 2020, issued to FinServ Holdings II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust
 Agreement, February 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated February 17, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the holders party thereto. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription
 Agreement, dated November 23, 2020, between the Registrant and FinServ Holdings II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase
 Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative Support
 Agreement, dated April 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Cooper Advisers LLC, dated August 12, 2022. (5) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement. (6) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline
 XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252672), filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-252672), filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report 8-K,
filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 30, 2023 
 FINSERV
 ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/ Lee Einbinder 

Name: 
 Lee
 Einbinder 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Lee Einbinder 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Lee
 Einbinder 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Steven Handwerker 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Handwerker 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Howard Kurz 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Howard
 Kurz 

/s/
 Robert Matza 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Matza 

/s/
 David Smilow 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David
 Smilow 

/s/
 Val Soranno Keating 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Val
 Soranno Keating 

/s/
 Michael Vaughan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Vaughan 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_finservacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Lee Einbinder, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FinServ Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lee Einbinder 

Lee
 Einbinder 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_finservacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Steven Handwerker, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FinServ Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Steven Handwerker 

Steven
 Handwerker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_finservacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of FinServ Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lee Einbinder, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lee Einbinder 

Lee
 Einbinder 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_finservacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of FinServ Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Steven Handwerker, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date:
 March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Steven Handwerker 

Steven
 Handwerker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fsrx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fsrx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fsrx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fsrx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fsrx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

