<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_715957_0000950170-23-003287.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>86376337</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>989472</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5333699</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>47550628</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8773417</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>21292083</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003287.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221070015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003287
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		210
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DOMINION ENERGY, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000715957
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				541229715
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08489
		FILM NUMBER:		23645206

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 TREDEGAR STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8048192000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P. O. BOX 26532
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23261

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOMINION ENERGY INC /VA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOMINION RESOURCES INC /VA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIRGINIA ELECTRIC & POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103682
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				540418825
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55337
		FILM NUMBER:		23645207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 TREDEGAR ST
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8048192000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 TREDEGAR ST
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003287.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 d-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 
 Exact name of registrants as specified in their charters 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 

(S tate or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrants telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Registrant 
 Trading Symbol 
 Title of Each Class 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 
 Common Stock, no par value 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. No Virginia Electric and Power Company No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. No Virginia Electric and Power Company No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. No Virginia Electric and Power Company No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Virginia Electric and Power Company 	 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes No Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of Dominion Energy, Inc. common stock held by non-affiliates of Dominion Energy was approximately billion based on the closing price of Dominion Energy s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last day of Dominion Energy s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Dominion Energy is the sole holder of Virginia Electric and Power Company common stock. At February 15, 2023 , Dominion Energy had shares of common stock outstanding and Virginia Power had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

This combined Form 10-K represents separate filings by Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company. Information contained herein relating to an individual registrant is filed by that registrant on its own behalf. Virginia Electric and Power Company makes no representations as to the information relating to Dominion Energy, Inc. s other operations. 
 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION I(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS FILING THIS FORM 10-K UNDER THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company 

Item Number 

Page Number 

Glossary of Terms 
 
 3 

Part I 

1. 
 Business 
 
 11 

1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 38 

1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 48 

2. 
 Properties 
 
 49 

3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 54 

4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 54 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 55 

Part II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 56 

6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 56 

7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 57 

7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 83 

8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 86 

9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 199 

9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 199 

9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 202 

9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 203 

Part III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 204 

11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 204 

12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 204 

13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 204 

14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 204 

Part IV 

15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 206 

16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 211 

2 

Glossary of Terms 
 
 The following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

2017 Tax Reform Act 
 
 An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Titles II and V of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018 (previously known as The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) enacted on December 22, 2017 

2019 Equity Units 
 
 Dominion Energy s 2019 Series A Equity Units issued in June 2019, initially in the form of 2019 Series A Corporate Units, which consisted of a stock purchase contract and a 1/10 interest in a share of the Series A Preferred Stock 

2021 BLS Industry Average OSHA Recordable Rate 
 
 An average of the OSHA Recordable Rate for 2021 published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for electric power generation, transmission and distribution (NAICS code 2211) and natural gas distribution (NAICS code 2212) 

2021 Triennial Review 
 
 Virginia Commission review of Virginia Power s earned return on base rate generation and distribution services for the four successive 12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2017 and ending December 31, 2020 

2023 Proxy Statement 
 
 Dominion Energy 2023 Proxy Statement, File No. 001-08489 

ABO 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation 

ACE Rule 
 
 Affordable Clean Energy Rule 

AFUDC 
 
 Allowance for funds used during construction 

Align RNG 
 
 Align RNG, LLC, a joint venture between Dominion Energy and Smithfield Foods, Inc. 

Altavista 
 
 Altavista biomass power station 

AMI 
 
 Advanced Metering Infrastructure 

AOCI 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

ARO 
 
 Asset retirement obligation 

Atlantic Coast Pipeline 
 
 Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion Energy and Duke Energy 

Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project 
 
 A previously proposed approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline running from West Virginia through Virginia to North Carolina which would have been owned by Dominion Energy and Duke Energy 

bcf 
 
 Billion cubic feet 

bcfe 
 
 Billion cubic feet equivalent 

Bear Garden 
 
 A 622 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Buckingham County, Virginia 

BHE 
 
 The legal entity, Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (including Dominion Energy Gas, Dominion Energy Midstream and Cove Point effective November 1, 2020), or the entirety of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Birdseye 
 
 Birdseye Renewable Energy, LLC 

BP 
 
 BP Wind Energy North America Inc. 

Brookfield 
 
 Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure fund managed by Brookfield Asset Management Inc. 

Brunswick County 
 
 A 1,376 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Brunswick County, Virginia 

CAA 
 
 Clean Air Act 

CAISO 
 
 California ISO 

CAO 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

CCR 
 
 Coal combustion residual 

CCRO 
 
 Customer credit reinvestment offset 

CEA 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act 

CEO 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

CEP 
 
 Capital Expenditure Program, as established by House Bill 95, Ohio legislation enacted in 2011, deployed by East Ohio to recover certain costs associated with capital investment 

CERCLA 
 
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, also known as Superfund 

3 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

CFO 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

CH 4 
 
 Methane 

Clearway 
 
 The legal entity, Clearway Energy, Inc. (a subsidiary of Global Infrastructure Partners), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Clearway Energy, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 

CNG 
 
 Consolidated Natural Gas Company 

CO 2 
 
 Carbon dioxide 

Colonial Trail West 
 
 A 142 MW utility-scale solar power station located in Surry County, Virginia 

Companies 
 
 Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, collectively 

Contracted Assets 
 
 Contracted Assets operating segment 

COO 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Cooling degree days 
 
 Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is greater than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, or 75 degrees Fahrenheit in DESC s service territory, calculated as the difference between 65 or 75 degrees, as applicable, and the average temperature for that day 

Cove Point 
 
 Cove Point LNG, LP (formerly known as Dominion Energy Cove Point LNG, LP) 

Cove Point LNG Facility 
 
 An LNG import/export and storage facility, including the Liquefaction Facility, located on the Chesapeake Bay in Lusby, Maryland 

CPCN 
 
 Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity 

CVOW Commercial Project 
 
 A proposed 2.6 GW wind generation facility 27 miles off the coast of Virginia Beach, Virginia in federal waters adjacent to the CVOW Pilot Project and associated interconnection facilities in and around Virginia Beach, Virginia 

CVOW Pilot Project 
 
 A 12 MW wind generation facility 27 miles off the coast of Virginia Beach, Virginia in federal waters 

CWA 
 
 Clean Water Act 

DCP 
 
 The legal entity, CPMLP Holding Company, LLC (formerly known as Dominion Cove Point, LLC), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (including Dominion Energy Midstream), or the entirety of CPMLP Holding Company, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries 

DECGS 
 
 Carolina Gas Services, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Energy Carolina Gas Services, Inc.) 

DECP Holdings 
 
 The legal entity DECP Holdings, Inc., which holds Dominion Energy s noncontrolling interest in Cove Point 

DEQPS 
 
 MountainWest Pipeline Services, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline Services, Inc.) 

DES 
 
 Dominion Energy Services, Inc. 

DESC 
 
 The legal entity, Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc., one or more of its consolidated entities or operating segment, or the entirety of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. and its consolidated entities 

DETI 
 
 Eastern Gas Transmission and Storage, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Energy Transmission, Inc.) 

DGI 
 
 Dominion Generation, Inc. 

DGP 
 
 Eastern Gathering and Processing, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Gathering and Processing, Inc.) 

DMLPHCII 
 
 Eastern MLP Holding Company II, LLC (formerly known as Dominion MLP Holding Company II, LLC) 

Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 

DOE 
 
 U.S. Department of Energy 

Dominion Energy 
 
 The legal entity, Dominion Energy, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (other than Virginia Power) or operating segments, or the entirety of Dominion Energy, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Dominion Energy Direct 
 
 A dividend reinvestment and open enrollment direct stock purchase plan 

Dominion Energy Gas 
 
 The legal entity, Eastern Energy Gas Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Dominion Energy Gas Holdings, LLC), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (consisting of DETI, DCP, DMLPHCII and Dominion Iroquois), or the entirety of Eastern Energy Gas Holdings, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Dominion Energy Midstream 
 
 The legal entity, Northeast Midstream Partners, LP (formerly known as Dominion Energy Midstream Partners, LP), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Northeast Midstream Partners, LP and its consolidated subsidiaries 

4 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline 
 
 The legal entity, MountainWest Pipeline, LLC (formerly known as Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline, LLC), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (including its 50 noncontrolling interest in White River Hub), or the entirety of Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Dominion Energy South Carolina 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina operating segment 

Dominion Energy Virginia 
 
 Dominion Energy Virginia operating segment 

Dominion Iroquois 
 
 The legal entity Iroquois Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Iroquois Inc.), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Iroquois, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which held a 50 noncontrolling interest in Iroquois 

Dominion Privatization 
 
 Dominion Utility Privatization, LLC, a joint venture between Dominion Energy and Patriot 

DSM 
 
 Demand-side management 

DSM Riders 
 
 Rate adjustment clauses, designated Riders C1A, C2A, C3A and C4A, associated with the recovery of costs related to certain Virginia DSM programs in approved DSM cases 

Dth 
 
 Dekatherm 

Duke Energy 
 
 The legal entity, Duke Energy Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Duke Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Eagle Solar 
 
 Eagle Solar, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DGI 

East Ohio 
 
 The East Ohio Gas Company, doing business as Dominion Energy Ohio 

Energy Choice 
 
 Program authorized by the Ohio Commission which provides energy customers with the ability to shop for energy options from a group of suppliers certified by the Ohio Commission 

EnergySolutions 
 
 EnergySolutions, LLC 

EPA 
 
 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 

EPACT 
 
 Energy Policy Act of 2005 

EPS 
 
 Earnings per common share 

ERISA 
 
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 

ESA Excess Tax Benefits 
 
 Endangered Species Act Benefits of tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for stock-based compensation 

FASB 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FERC 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

FILOT 
 
 Fee in lieu of taxes 

Fitch 
 
 Fitch Ratings Ltd. 

Four Brothers 
 
 Four Brothers Solar, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion Energy (through December 2021) and Four Brothers Holdings, LLC, a subsidiary of Clearway 

Fowler Ridge 
 
 Fowler I Holdings LLC, a wind-turbine facility in Benton County, Indiana 

FTRs 
 
 Financial transmission rights 

GAAP 
 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

Gas Distribution 
 
 Gas Distribution operating segment 

GENCO 
 
 South Carolina Generating Company, Inc. 

GHG 
 
 Greenhouse gas 

Granite Mountain 
 
 Granite Mountain Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion Energy (through December 2021) and Granite Mountain Renewables, LLC, a subsidiary of Clearway 

Green Mountain 
 
 Green Mountain Power Corporation 

Greensville County 
 
 A 1,629 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Greensville County, Virginia 

5 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

GT S Transaction 
 
 The sale by Dominion Energy to BHE of Dominion Energy Gas, DGP, DECGS, Eastern Energy Field Services, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Energy Field Services, Inc.) and Modular LNG Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Modular LNG Holdings, Inc.) (which holds a 50 noncontrolling interest in JAX LNG) pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement entered into on July 3, 2020, which was completed on November 1, 2020 

GTSA 
 
 Virginia Grid Transformation and Security Act of 2018 

GW 
 
 Gigawatt 

Heating degree days 
 
 Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is less than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, or 60 degrees Fahrenheit in DESC s service territory, calculated as the difference between 65 or 60 degrees, as applicable, and the average temperature for that day 

Hope 
 
 Hope Gas, Inc., doing business as Dominion Energy West Virginia through August 2022 

Hopewell 
 
 Polyester biomass power station 

Idaho Commission 
 
 Idaho Public Utilities Commission 

IRA 
 
 An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Title II of Senate Concurrent Resolution 14 of the 117th Congress (also known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) enacted on August 16, 2022 

Iron Springs 
 
 Iron Springs Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion Energy (through December 2021) and Iron Springs Renewables, LLC, a subsidiary of Clearway 

Iroquois 
 
 Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P. 

IRS 
 
 Internal Revenue Service 

ISO 
 
 Independent system operator 

ISO-NE 
 
 ISO New England 

JAX LNG 
 
 JAX LNG, LLC, an LNG supplier in Florida serving the marine and LNG markets 

Jones Act 
 
 The Coastwise Merchandise Statute (commonly known as the Jones Act) 46 U.S.C. 55102 regulating U.S. maritime commerce 

July 2016 hybrids 
 
 Dominion Energy s 2016 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2076 

Kewaunee 
 
 Kewaunee nuclear power station 

kV 
 
 Kilovolt 

LIBOR 
 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 

LIFO 
 
 Last-in-first-out inventory method 

Liquefaction Facility 
 
 A natural gas export/liquefaction facility at the Cove Point LNG Facility 

LNG 
 
 Liquefied natural gas 

LTIP 
 
 Long-term incentive program 

Massachusetts Municipal 
 
 Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company 

mcfe 
 
 Thousand cubic feet equivalent 

MD A 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

MGD 
 
 Million gallons per day 

Millstone 
 
 Millstone nuclear power station 

Millstone 2019 power purchase agreements 
 
 Power purchase agreements with Eversource Energy and The United Illuminating Company for Millstone to provide nine million MWh per year of electricity for ten years 

Moody s 
 
 Moody s Investors Service 

Mtpa 
 
 Million metric tons per annum 

MW 
 
 Megawatt 

MWh 
 
 Megawatt hour 

N 2 O 
 
 Nitrous oxide 

Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act 
 
 Legislation effective February 2005 designed to improve and maintain natural gas service infrastructure to meet the needs of customers in South Carolina 

NAV 
 
 Net asset value 

NEIL 
 
 Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited 

NERC 
 
 North American Electric Reliability Corporation 

NGL 
 
 Natural gas liquid 

NND Project 
 
 V.C. Summer Units 2 and 3 nuclear development project under which DESC and Santee Cooper undertook to construct two Westinghouse AP1000 Advanced Passive Safety nuclear units in Jenkinsville, South Carolina 

North Anna 
 
 North Anna nuclear power station 

6 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

North Carolina Commission 
 
 North Carolina Utilities Commission 

NO X 
 
 Nitrogen oxide 

NRC 
 
 U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission 

NWP 12 
 
 A nationwide permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers authorizing activities required for the construction, maintenance, repair and removal of utility lines, including electric transmission, gas pipelines, water and communications conduit and associate facilities in waters of the U.S. 

NYSE 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

October 2014 hybrids 
 
 Dominion Energy s 2014 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2054 

ODEC 
 
 Old Dominion Electric Cooperative 

offshore wind turbine installation season 
 
 The period May 1 st through October 31 st for waters off the coast of the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast 

Ohio Commission 
 
 Public Utilities Commission of Ohio 

Order 1000 
 
 Order issued by FERC adopting requirements for electric transmission planning, cost allocation and development 

OSHA Recordable Rate 
 
 Number of recordable cases, as defined by the Occupational Health and Safety Administration, a division of the U.S. Department of Labor, for every 100 employees over the course of a year 

Patriot 
 
 Patriot Utility Privatizations, LLC, a joint venture between Foundation Infrastructure Partners, LLC and John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) and affiliates 

PHMSA 
 
 Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 

PIPP 
 
 Percentage of Income Payment Plan deployed by East Ohio 

PIR 
 
 Pipeline Infrastructure Replacement program deployed by East Ohio 

PJM 
 
 PJM Interconnection, LLC 

PSD 
 
 Prevention of significant deterioration 

PSNC 
 
 Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated, doing business as Dominion Energy North Carolina 

Q-Pipe Group 
 
 Collectively, Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline, DEQPS and MountainWest Energy Holding Company, LLC (formerly known as QPC Holding Company, LLC and its subsidiary MountainWest Southern Trails Pipeline Company (formerly known as Questar Southern Trails Pipeline Company)) 

Q-Pipe Transaction 
 
 A previously proposed sale by Dominion Energy to BHE of the Q-Pipe Group pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement entered into on October 5, 2020 and terminated on July 9, 2021 

Questar Gas 
 
 Questar Gas Company, doing business as Dominion Energy Utah, Dominion Energy Wyoming and Dominion Energy Idaho 

Regulation Act 
 
 Legislation effective July 1, 2007, that amended the Virginia Electric Utility Restructuring Act and fuel factor statute, which legislation is also known as the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act, as amended in 2015 and 2018 

RGGI 
 
 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative 

RICO 
 
 Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 

Rider B 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the conversion of three of Virginia Power s coal-fired power stations to biomass 

Rider BW 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Brunswick County 

Rider CCR 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the removal of CCR at certain power stations 

Rider CE 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to certain renewable generation, energy storage and related transmission facilities in Virginia as well as certain small-scale distributed generation projects and related transmission facilities 

Rider D 
 
 A rate mechanism which allows PSNC to recover from customers all prudently incurred gas costs and the related portion of uncollectible expenses as well as losses on negotiated gas and transportation sales 

Rider E 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to certain capital projects at Virginia Power s electric generating stations to comply with federal and state environmental laws and regulations 

Rider GT 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs associated with electric distribution grid transformation projects that the Virginia Commission has approved as authorized by the GTSA 

7 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

Rider GV 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Greensville County 

Rider OSW 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with costs incurred to construct, own and operate the CVOW Commercial Project 

Rider PPA 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs associated with power purchase agreements for the energy, capacity, ancillary services and renewable energy credits owned by third parties 

Rider R 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Bear Garden 

Rider RGGI 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the purchase of allowances through the RGGI market-based trading program for CO 2 

Rider RPS 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the mandatory renewable portfolio standard program established by the VCEA 

Rider S 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 

Rider SNA 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with costs relating to the preparation of the applications for subsequent license renewal to the NRC to extend the operating licenses of Surry and North Anna and related projects 

Rider T1 
 
 A rate adjustment clause to recover the difference between revenues produced from transmission rates included in base rates, and the new total revenue requirement developed annually for the rate years effective September 1 

Rider U 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs of new underground distribution facilities 

Rider US-2 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Woodland Solar, Scott Solar and Whitehouse Solar 

Rider US-3 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Colonial Trail West and Spring Grove 1 

Rider US-4 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Sadler Solar 

Rider W 
 
 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Warren County 

ROE 
 
 Return on equity 

ROIC 
 
 Return on invested capital 

RTEP 
 
 Regional transmission expansion plan 

RTO 
 
 Regional transmission organization 

Sadler Solar 
 
 A 100 MW utility-scale solar power station located in Greensville County, Virginia 

SAIDI 
 
 System Average Interruption Duration Index, metric used to measure electric service reliability 

Santee Cooper 
 
 South Carolina Public Service Authority 

SBL Holdco 
 
 SBL Holdco, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DGI through December 2021 

SCANA 
 
 The legal entity, SCANA Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of SCANA Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 

SCANA Combination 
 
 Dominion Energy s acquisition of SCANA completed on January 1, 2019 pursuant to the terms of the agreement and plan of merger entered on January 2, 2018 between Dominion Energy and SCANA 

SCANA Merger Approval Order 
 
 Final order issued by the South Carolina Commission on December 21, 2018 setting forth its approval of the SCANA Combination 

SCDOR 
 
 South Carolina Department of Revenue 

Scope 1 emissions 
 
 Emissions that are produced directly by an entity s own operations 

Scope 2 emissions 
 
 Emissions from electricity a company consumes but does not generate from its own facilities 

Scope 3 emissions 
 
 Emissions generated downstream of company operations by customers and upstream by suppliers 

Scott Solar 
 
 A 17 MW utility-scale solar power station in Powhatan County, Virginia 

SEC 
 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

SEEM 
 
 Southeast Energy Exchange Market 

SERC 
 
 Southeast Electric Reliability Council 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Dominion Energy s Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share (previously designated the 1.75 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock) 

Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 Dominion Energy s 4.65 Series B Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, without par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share 

8 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 Dominion Energy s 4.35 Series C Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, without par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share 

SF 6 
 
 Sulfur hexafluoride 

SO 2 
 
 Sulfur dioxide 

SOFR 
 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

South Carolina Commission 
 
 Public Service Commission of South Carolina 

Southampton 
 
 Southampton biomass power station 

Southern 
 
 The legal entity, The Southern Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of The Southern Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Southwest Gas 
 
 The legal entity, Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Spring Grove 1 
 
 A 98 MW utility-scale solar power station located in Surry County, Virginia 

Standard Poor s 
 
 Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a division of S P Global Inc. 

Summer 
 
 V.C. Summer nuclear power station 

Supply Header Project 
 
 A project previously intended for DETI to provide approximately 1,500,000 Dths of firm transportation service to various customers in connection with the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project 

Surry 
 
 Surry nuclear power station 

Terra Nova Renewable Partners 
 
 The legal entity, Terra Nova Renewable Partners, LLC, a partnership comprised primarily of institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management-Global Real Assets, or one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries 

Three Cedars 
 
 Granite Mountain and Iron Springs, collectively 

TSR 
 
 Total shareholder return 

UEX 
 
 Uncollectible Expense Rider deployed by East Ohio 

Ullico 
 
 The legal entity, Ullico Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Ullico Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Utah Commission 
 
 Utah Public Service Commission 

VCEA 
 
 Virginia Clean Economy Act of March 2020 

VEBA 
 
 Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association 

VIE 
 
 Variable interest entity 

Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 
 
 A 610 MW baseload carbon-capture compatible, clean coal powered electric generation facility in Wise County, Virginia 

Virginia Commission 
 
 Virginia State Corporation Commission 

Virginia Facilities 
 
 Proposed electric interconnection and transmission facilities in and around Virginia Beach, Virginia, comprising transmission facilities required to interconnect the CVOW Commercial Project reliably with the existing transmission system; including 3 miles of 230 kV offshore export circuits, 4 miles of underground 230 kV onshore export circuits, a new Harpers switching station, 14 miles of three new overhead 230 kV transmission circuits between a new Harpers switching station and the Fentress substation, rebuild eight miles of two existing 230 kV overhead lines and an expansion of the Fentress substation 

Virginia Power 
 
 The legal entity, Virginia Electric and Power Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or operating segment, or the entirety of Virginia Electric and Power Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 

VOC 
 
 Volatile organic compounds 

Warren County 
 
 A 1,349 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Warren County, Virginia 

WECTEC 
 
 WECTEC Global Project Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Westinghouse 

West Virginia Commission 
 
 Public Service Commission of West Virginia 

Westinghouse 
 
 Westinghouse Electric Company LLC 

Wexpro 
 
 The legal entity, Wexpro Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Wexpro Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Wexpro Agreement 
 
 An agreement which sets forth the rights of Questar Gas to receive certain benefits from Wexpro s operations, including cost-of-service gas 

Wexpro II Agreement 
 
 An agreement with the states of Utah and Wyoming modeled after the Wexpro Agreement that allows for the addition of properties under the cost-of-service methodology for the benefit of Questar Gas customers 

Wexpro Agreements 
 
 Collectively, the Wexpro Agreement, Wexpro II Agreement and two stipulation agreements approved by the Utah Commission allowing for the inclusion of certain property at Canyon Creek and the Trail Unit under the Wexpro II Agreement 

Whitehouse Solar 
 
 A 20 MW utility-scale solar power station in Louisa County, Virginia 

White River Hub 
 
 MountainWest White River Hub, LLC (formerly known as White River Hub, LLC) 

9 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

Wisconsin Commission 
 
 Public Service Commission of Wisconsin 

Woodland Solar 
 
 A 19 MW utility-scale solar power station in Isle of Wight County, Virginia 

WP L 
 
 Wisconsin Power and Light Company, a subsidiary of Alliant Energy Corporation 

WPSC 
 
 Wisconsin Public Service Corporation, a subsidiary of WEC Energy Group 

Wrangler 
 
 Wrangler Retail Gas Holdings, LLC, a partnership between Dominion Energy (through March 2022) and Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. 

Wyoming Commission 
 
 Wyoming Public Service Commission 

10 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 GENERAL 
 Dominion Energy , headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and incorporated in Virginia in 1983, is one of the nation s largest producers and distributors of energy. Dominion Energy is committed to safely delivering sustainable, reliable and affordable energy and achieving net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050. Dominion Energy s strategy is to be a leading sustainable provider of electricity, natural gas and related services to customers primarily in the eastern and Rocky Mountain regions of the U.S. As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy s portfolio of assets includes approximately 31.0 GW of electric generating capacity, 10,600 miles of electric transmission lines, 78,500 miles of electric distribution lines and 93,500 miles of gas distribution mains and related service facilities, which are supported by 4,000 miles of gas transmission, gathering and storage pipeline. As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy operates in 15 states and serves approximately 7 million customers. 
 
 Dominion Energy has commenced a comprehensive business review as discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A. Pending the results of the business review, Dominion Energy continues to focus on expanding and improving its regulated and long-term contracted electric and natural gas utility businesses while transitioning to a cleaner energy future. Its previously announced growth capital expenditure plan for 2022 through 2026 includes a focus on upgrading the electric system in Virginia through investments in additional renewable generation facilities, strategic undergrounding and energy conservation programs. Renewable generation facilities are expected to include significant investments in utility-scale solar and offshore wind projects. In addition, Dominion Energy has either received or applied for license extensions for its regulated nuclear power stations in Virginia. Other drivers for the growth capital plan include renewable natural gas initiatives, the replacement and modernization of gas distribution pipeline and continued upgrades to its gas and electric transmission and distribution networks while also meeting environmental requirements and standards set by various regulatory bodies. 
 
 Dominion Energy currently expects approximately 90 of earnings from its primary operating segments to come from state-regulated electric and natural gas utility businesses. Dominion Energy s nonregulated operations consist primarily of long-term contracted electric generation operations and its investment in Cove Point. Dominion Energy s operations are conducted through various subsidiaries, including DESC and Virginia Power. DESC is an SEC registrant; however, its Form 10-K is filed separately and is not combined herein. 
 
 Virginia Power , headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and incorporated in Virginia in 1909 as a Virginia public service corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy and a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and North Carolina. In Virginia, Virginia Power conducts business under the name Dominion Energy Virginia and primarily serves retail customers. In North Carolina, it conducts business under the name Dominion Energy North Carolina and serves retail customers located in the northeastern region of the state, excluding certain municipalities. In addition, Virginia Power sells and transmits electricity at wholesale prices to rural electric cooperatives, municipalities and into wholesale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power s stock is owned by Dominion Energy. 
 
 Amounts and information disclosed for Dominion Energy are inclusive of Virginia Power, where applicable. 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES 
 The Companies file their annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Their SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 The Companies make their SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, available, free of charge, through Dominion Energy s website, http://www.dominionenergy.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. We also make available on the Investors page of our website additional information which may be important to investors, such as investor presentations, earnings release kits and other materials and presentations. Information contained on Dominion Energy s website, including but not limited to reports mentioned in Environmental Strategy , is not incorporated by reference in this report. 
 
 11 

ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS 
 The following acquisitions and divestitures within the last three years are considered significant to the Companies. 
 Gas Transmission and Storage Operations 
 Sales to BHE and Southwest Gas 
 In November 2020, Dominion Energy completed the GT S Transaction with BHE for approximately 2.7 billion in cash proceeds and the assumption by BHE of approximately 5.3 billion of related long-term debt. 
 In December 2021, Dominion Energy completed the sale of the Q-Pipe Group to Southwest Gas for approximately 1.5 billion in cash proceeds and the assumption by Southwest Gas of 430 million of related long-term debt. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Acquisition of Interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Pivotal LNG, Inc. 
 In March 2020, Dominion Energy completed the acquisition from Southern of its 5 membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline and its 100 ownership interest in Pivotal LNG, Inc., for 184 million in aggregate, plus certain purchase price adjustments. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, including the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. Pivotal LNG, Inc. was included within the GT S Transaction and sold to BHE in November 2020. 
 Hope 
 In August 2022, Dominion Energy completed the sale of 100 of the equity interests in Hope to Ullico for 690 million in cash consideration, subject to customary closing adjustments. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Electric Generation Facilities 
 Acquisition of Virginia Power Solar Projects 
 In 2020 through 2022, Virginia Power entered into and completed the acquisitions of several primarily early-stage solar development projects in Virginia, including both non-jurisdictional facilities and those expected to be recovered under Rider CE. 
 In 2022, Virginia Power entered into and completed the acquisitions of various solar development projects in Virginia. These projects are expected to cost a total of approximately 1.1 billion once constructed, including initial acquisition costs, and generate approximately 537 MW combined. 
 In 2021, Virginia Power entered into and completed the acquisitions of various solar development projects in Virginia. These projects are expected to cost a total of approximately 1.4 billion once constructed, including initial acquisition costs, and generate approximately 697 MW combined. 
 In 2020, Virginia Power entered into and completed the acquisition of various solar development projects in Virginia. These projects are expected to cost a total of approximately 595 million once constructed, including initial acquisition costs, and generate approximately 282 MW combined. 
 See Notes 10 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Acquisition of Nonregulated Solar Projects 
 In 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement and completed the acquisition of a nonregulated solar project in Ohio. The project is expected to cost a total of 390 million once constructed, including the initial acquisition cost, and generate approximately 200 MW. 
 In 2020, Dominion Energy entered into agreements and completed the acquisition of various nonregulated solar projects in Ohio, South Carolina and Virginia. These projects are expected to cost a total of approximately 470 million once constructed, including the initial acquisition costs, and generate approximately 248 MW combined. 
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 12 

Sale of Non-Wholly-Owned Nonregulated Solar Facilities 
 In 2021, Dominion Energy completed the sale of SBL Holdco, which held Dominion Energy s remaining 67 controlling interest in certain nonregulated solar projects, to Terra Nova Renewable Partners for cash proceeds of 209 million and the assumption by Terra Nova Renewable Partners of 265 million of related long-term debt. 
 In 2021, Dominion Energy completed the sale of its remaining 50 controlling interest in Four Brothers and Three Cedars to Clearway for cash proceeds of 331 million. 
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 Contributions to and Disposition of Interest in Wrangler 
 After an initial contribution to Wrangler in 2019, Dominion Energy completed a second contribution in November 2020 consisting of certain retail energy natural gas contracts receiving 74 million in cash and a final contribution in December 2021 of its remaining nonregulated natural gas retail energy marketing operations receiving 127 million in cash, while maintaining its 20 noncontrolling interest in Wrangler. Subsequently in December 2021 and March 2022, Dominion Energy sold 5 and the remaining 15 of its noncontrolling ownership interest in Wrangler to Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. for cash consideration of 33 million and 85 million, respectively. 
 See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Acquisition of Interest in Dominion Privatization 
 In February 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to form Dominion Privatization, a joint venture with Patriot. Under the agreement, during 2022 Dominion Energy contributed its existing privatization operations in Virginia, Texas, Pennsylvania and South Carolina, excluding contracts held by DESC, and Patriot contributed cash. Dominion Energy received total consideration of 335 million, comprised of 168 million in cash proceeds and a 50 noncontrolling ownership interest in Dominion Privatization with an initial fair value of 167 million. 
 See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 One of Dominion Energy's greatest strengths is its employees and Dominion Energy is committed to providing them with a safe, diverse and inclusive workplace. The ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is integral to the long-term success of Dominion Energy. At December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had approximately 17,200 full-time employees, of which approximately 4,500 are subject to collective bargaining agreements, including approximately 6,100 full-time employees at Virginia Power, of which approximately 2,500 are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Safety is the highest priority of Dominion Energy s five core values with the fundamental goal to send every employee home safe and sound every day. In 2022, Dominion Energy experienced an OSHA Recordable Rate of 0.52 compared to 0.46 in 2021 and 0.41 in 2020. These rates reflect Dominion Energy s dedication to safety when compared to a 2021 BLS Industry Average OSHA Recordable Rate of 1.7 and a 2020 BLS Industry Average OSHA Recordable Rate of 1.5. As evidence of Dominion Energy s commitment to safety, annual incentive plans for all employees, except as restricted by any collective bargaining agreements, include a safety performance measure. Furthermore, Dominion Energy has been proactive in protecting its workforce during the global COVID-19 pandemic by establishing safety protocols and adapting its approach as the pandemic has evolved. Dominion Energy also facilitated telecommuting and hybrid work options for many employees and expanded paid time off and other benefits to help employees cope with disruptions caused by the pandemic. 
 
 Dominion Energy works to recruit, retain and develop the careers of talented individuals who reflect the communities it serves. To cultivate this diversified workforce, Dominion Energy focuses on workforce diversity, equity and inclusion while fostering an environment where employees can utilize their unique strengths, skills, personalities and life experiences. Dominion Energy is committed to increasing its diverse workforce representation to 40 by year-end 2026; to be adjusted as necessary based on position and market availability. During 2022, Dominion Energy increased diverse representation within its workforce from 35.5 to 37.0 , following an increase during 2021 from 34.7 to 35.5 . For the purposes of measuring diversity, Dominion Energy includes employees who identify their gender as female and/or their race/ethnicity as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander or Two or More Races. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the percentage of new hires that are diverse was 48.9 , 57.5 and 50.7 , respectively. Dominion Energy sponsors eight employee 
 
 13 

resource groups to support and reinforce its culture of inclusiveness by enabling employees with shared interests and backgrounds to work together to create community, provide networking opportunities and encourage professional development. The employee resource groups are aligned to support various forms of diversity, equity and inclusion, including gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, race, veteran status, age, ability and cultural heritage. To further advance these initiatives, annual incentive plans for all employees, except as restricted by any collective bargaining agreements, include a performance measure for participation in diversity, equity and inclusion training. 
 
 Dominion Energy attracts and retains its employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits packages, including healthcare, retirement, paid time off, parental leave and other benefits. Dominion Energy also offers a variety of training and development opportunities for all employees with the goal to provide a consistent and progressive approach to training that engages the workforce and fosters a culture of learning. To this end, Dominion Energy offers continuous learning opportunities including tuition assistance programs, professional development resources, access to a career center and a self-guided training program for independent learning as well as leadership development programs. These resources and programs are designed not only to engage and retain talented employees but also to allow Dominion Energy to meet the needs of its customers in an ever-changing industry with a skilled workforce. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber intrusions, the Companies have a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems, including oversight by the Board of Directors as well as the finance and risk oversight board committee. The Companies are subject to mandatory cybersecurity regulatory requirements, interface regularly with a wide range of external organizations and participate in classified briefings to maintain an awareness of current cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities. The Companies current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts are intended to address the evolving and changing cyber threats. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of related risks. 
 OPERATING SEGMENTS 
 Dominion Energy manages its daily operations through four primary operating segments: Dominion Energy Virginia, Gas Distribution, Dominion Energy South Carolina and Contracted Assets. See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary description of operations within each of the four primary operating segments. Dominion Energy also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which includes its corporate, service companies and other functions (including unallocated debt) as well as Dominion Energy s noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization. Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the operating segments performance or in allocating resources. In addition, Corporate and Other includes the net impact of discontinued operations consisting primarily of Dominion Energy s equity investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline as discussed in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Virginia Power manages its daily operations through its primary operating segment: Dominion Energy Virginia. It also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment s performance or in allocating resources. 
 
 While daily operations are managed through the operating segments previously discussed, assets remain wholly-owned by the Companies and their respective legal subsidiaries. 
 
 14 
 
 DOMINION ENERGY VIRGINIA 
 Dominion Energy Virginia is substantially composed of Virginia Power s regulated electric transmission, distribution (including customer service) and generation (regulated electric utility and its related energy supply) operations, which serve approximately 2.7 million residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers in Virginia and North Carolina. 
 
 Dominion Energy Virginia s previously announced growth capital plan includes spending approximately 27 billion from 2022 through 2026 to construct new generation capacity, including the CVOW Commercial Project, to meet its renewable generation targets and growing electricity demand within its service territory in order to maintain reliability and regulatory compliance and to upgrade or add new transmission lines, distribution lines, substations, and other facilities, as well as maintain existing generation capacity. The proposed infrastructure projects and investment commitments are intended to address both continued customer growth and increases in electricity consumption which are primarily driven by new and larger data center customers, as well as support its subsequent license renewal projects as it has received approval for or is seeking 20-year license extensions for the regulated nuclear fleet in Virginia. See Properties and Environmental Strategy for additional information on this and other utility projects. Data centers, which currently represent approximately 20 of Virginia Power s electricity sales, have been a source of significant increase in demand which is expected to continue over the next decade. The concentration of data centers primarily in Loudon County, Virginia represents a unique challenge and requires significant investments in electric transmission facilities to meet the growing demand. While an updated growth capital plan is dependent upon completion of the comprehensive business review discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A, it is expected to reflect an acceleration of certain electric transmission projects to serve the rapidly growing data center customer demand. 
 
 Virginia Power has also created a ten-year plan through 2028 to transform its electric grid into a smarter, stronger and greener grid. This plan addresses the structural limitations of Virginia Power s distribution grid in a systematic manner in order to recognize and accommodate fundamental changes and requirements in the energy industry. The objective is to address both customer and system needs by (i) achieving even higher levels of reliability and resiliency against natural and man-made threats, (ii) leveraging technology to enhance the customer experience and improve the operation of the system and (iii) safely and effectively integrating new utility-scale renewable generation and storage as well as customer level distributed energy resources such as rooftop solar and battery storage. The Virginia Commission has approved portions of this plan through 2023. 
 
 Revenue provided by electric distribution and generation operations is based primarily on rates established by the Virginia and North Carolina Commissions. Approximately 81 of revenue comes from serving Virginia jurisdictional customers. Base rates for the Virginia jurisdiction are set using a modified cost-of-service rate model, and are generally designed to allow an opportunity to recover the cost of providing utility service and earn a reasonable return on investments used to provide that service. Variability in earnings is driven primarily by changes in rates, weather, customer growth and other factors impacting consumption such as the economy and energy conservation, in addition to operating and maintenance expenditures. Electric operations continue to focus on improving service and experience levels while striving to reduce costs and link investments to operational results. SAIDI performance results, excluding major events, were 136 minutes for the three-year average ending 2022, down from the previous three-year average of 141 minutes. This decrease is primarily due to decreased storm activity. 
 
 Earnings may also reflect variations in the timing or nature of expenses as compared to those contemplated in current rates, such as labor and benefit costs, capacity expenses, the timing, duration and costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages as well as certain customers ability to choose a generation service provider. The cost of fuel and purchased power is generally collected through fuel cost-recovery mechanisms established by regulators and does not materially impact net income. The cost of new generation facilities is generally recovered through riders in Virginia. Variability in earnings from riders reflects changes in the authorized ROE and the carrying amount of these facilities, which are largely driven by the timing and amount of capital investments, as well as depreciation. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Revenue provided by Virginia Power s electric transmission operations is based primarily on rates approved by FERC. The profitability of this business is dependent on its ability, through the rates it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable ROIC. Variability in earnings primarily results from changes in rates and the timing of property additions, retirements and depreciation. 
 
 Virginia Power is a member of PJM, an RTO, and its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM wholesale electricity markets. Consistent with the increased authority given to NERC by EPACT, Virginia Power is committed to meeting NERC standards, modernizing its infrastructure and maintaining superior system reliability with respect to its electric transmission operations. 
 
 15 
 
 Competition 
 There is no competition for electric distribution service within Virginia Power s service territory in Virginia and North Carolina and no such competition is currently permitted. Historically, since its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM and electric transmission services are administered by PJM, there was no competition in relation to transmission service provided to customers within the PJM region. However, competition from non-incumbent PJM transmission owners for development, construction and ownership of certain transmission facilities in Virginia Power s service territory is permitted pursuant to Order 1000, subject to state and local siting and permitting approvals. This could result in additional competition to build and own transmission infrastructure in Virginia Power s service area in the future and could allow Dominion Energy to seek opportunities to build and own facilities in other service territories. Additionally, there is some competition for Virginia Power s generation operations for Virginia jurisdictional electric utility customers that meet certain size requirements or that currently are purchasing energy from competitive suppliers deemed to be 100 renewable by the Virginia Commission. See Electric under State Regulations in Regulation for more information. Currently, North Carolina does not offer retail choice to electric customers. 
 
 Virginia Power s non-jurisdictional solar operations are not currently subject to significant competition as the output from these facilities is primarily sold under long-term power purchase agreements with terms generally ranging from 16 to 25 years. However, in the future, such operations may compete with other power generation facilities to serve certain large-scale customers after the power purchase agreements expire. 
 Regulation 
 Virginia Power s electric distribution and generation operations, including the rates it may charge to jurisdictional customers, as well as wholesale electric transmission rates, tariffs and terms of service, are subject to regulation by the Virginia and North Carolina Commissions as well as FERC, the NRC, the EPA, the DOE and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Properties 
 For a description of existing facilities see Item 2. Properties. 
 
 CVOW Commercial Project 
 In September 2019, Virginia Power filed applications with PJM for the CVOW Commercial Project and for certain approvals and rider recovery from the Virginia Commission in November 2021. The total cost of the project is estimated to be approximately 10 billion, excluding financing costs. Virginia Power s estimate for the 2.6 GW project s projected levelized cost of energy is approximately 80-90/MWh. Following a competitive procurement process, Virginia Power has entered into fixed price contracts for the major offshore construction and equipment components. The contracts include services denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar for approximately 2.6 billion and 5.1 billion kr., which have been included within the cost estimate above. In addition, certain of the fixed price contracts, approximately 0.7 billion, contain commodity indexing provisions linked to steel. As a result, any changes in applicable exchange rates or commodity indices, if not mitigated, could result in a change to the ultimate cost of the project. In May 2022, Virginia Power entered into forward purchase agreements with a notional amount of approximately 3.2 billion to hedge its foreign currency rate risk exposure from certain fixed price contracts for the major offshore construction and equipment components of the CVOW Commercial Project. 
 
 In March 2022, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power s application filed in December 2021 for approval of a lease contract with an affiliated entity for the use of a Jones Act compliant offshore wind installation vessel currently under development. In April 2022, Virginia Power filed an application with the North Carolina Commission for approval of the same lease contract and received approval in January 2023. In January 2023, Virginia Power entered into the lease contract with commencement of the 20-month lease term in August 2025 at a total cost of approximately 240 million plus ancillary services. 
 
 Virginia Power has completed the conceptual design phase for the project s onshore electric transmission facilities and selected a recommended route with consideration given for resiliency and minimizing environmental impacts. Any changes to the onshore route necessitated by the receipt of various permitting approvals could result in upward pressure on the estimated cost of the project. In August 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the application for certification of the Virginia Facilities component of the CVOW Commercial Project, the revenue requirement for the initial rate year of Rider OSW and noted that no further action was required with respect to Virginia Power s foreign currency risk mitigation plan. The Virginia Commission also included a performance standard for operation of the CVOW Commercial Project, which would require that customers be held harmless for any shortfall in energy production below an annual net capacity factor of 42 , as determined on a three-year rolling average, with details on the implementation of such standard to be determined in a future proceeding. Also in August 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition for 
 
 16 
 
 limited reconsideration relating to the performance standard for operation of the CVOW Commercial Project included in the Virginia Commission s August order. The Virginia Commission granted reconsideration and suspended in part the August order pending its reconsideration with Rider OSW approved on an interim basis. In October 2022, Virginia Power, Office of the Attorney General of Virginia and other parties filed a settlement agreement with the Virginia Commission for approval. The settlement agreement provides for a voluntary cost sharing mechanism resulting from unforeseen construction cost increases; specifically, that Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50 of such incremental costs which fall between 10.3 billion and 11.3 billion with no recovery of such incremental costs which fall between 11.3 billion and 13.7 billion. There is no voluntary cost sharing mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of 13.7 billion, the recovery of which would be determined in a future Virginia Commission preceding. The settlement agreement also provides for customers to receive the maximum benefits available under the IRA including that to the extent the IRA reduces the total construction costs, such reductions will also be applied to the cost sharing bands discussed above. In addition, the settlement agreement includes enhanced performance reporting provisions, in lieu of a performance guarantee, for the operation of the CVOW Commercial Project. To the extent the annual net capacity factor is below 42 , as determined on a three-year rolling average, Virginia Power is required to provide detailed explanation of the factors contributing to any shortfall to the Virginia Commission which could determine in a future proceeding a remedy for incremental costs incurred associated with any deemed unreasonable or imprudent actions of Virginia Power. In December 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the settlement agreement and reinstated its August 2022 order granting approval of Rider OSW. 
 
 Upon receiving remaining approvals from other permitting entities, Virginia Power anticipates commencing major construction activities in 2023 and the project is expected to be placed in service by the end of 2026. Virginia Power expects to incur approximately 80 of the project costs from 2023 through 2025. Through December 31, 2022, Virginia Power had incurred approximately 1.1 billion of costs. Virginia Power anticipates funding the project consistent with its approved debt to equity capitalization structure. The project is vital for Virginia Power to meet the renewable energy portfolio standard established in the VCEA and is consistent with the criteria within the VCEA for the construction of an offshore wind facility deemed to be in the public interest as well as the guidelines facilitating cost recovery. See additional discussion of the VCEA provisions concerning renewable generation projects in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Electric Generation and Storage Projects 
 In addition, Virginia Power is developing, financing and constructing new generation capacity as well as seeking license extensions on zero carbon nuclear generation facilities to meet its renewable generation targets and growing electricity demand within its service territory. Significant projects under construction or development as well as significant projects under consideration are set forth below: 
 Virginia Power plans to invest approximately 6.8 billion from 2022 to 2026 to acquire or construct several solar facilities totaling approximately 3.4 GW of expected generating capacity when placed in service. Virginia Power has projects under various stages of development which, as of December 31, 2022, represent a potential generating capacity of approximately 6.3 GW. The facilities include both those to serve utility and non-jurisdictional customers. See Notes 10 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

To support its development of solar generation facilities serving utility customers, Virginia Power plans to invest approximately 0.6 billion from 2022 to 2026 to acquire or construct multiple battery storage facilities in Virginia, totaling approximately 309 MW of expected storage capacity when placed in service. Virginia Power has projects under various stages of development which, as of December 31, 2022, represent a potential storage capacity of approximately 1.2 GW. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Virginia Power has received a 20-year extension of the operating licenses for its two units at Surry and has commenced the process to extend the operating licenses for its two units at North Anna. See Nuclear Decommissioning below for additional information on these facilities. 

Virginia Power continues to consider the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna. See Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A for more information on this project. 

Virginia Power is considering the construction of a hydroelectric pumped storage facility in Southwest Virginia. 

Virginia Power is considering the construction of simple cycle combustion turbines in Virginia for reliability purposes. 

Electric Transmission and Distribution Projects 
 Virginia Power continues to invest in transmission projects that are a part of PJM s RTEP process which focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. The projects that have been authorized by PJM are expected to result in future capital expenditures of approximately 3.0 billion through 2026. 

17 
 
 Virginia Power is investing in transmission substation physical security and expects to invest an additional 100 million to 150 million through 2026 to strengthen its electrical system to better protect critical equipment, enhance its spare equipment process and create multiple levels of security. 
 
 Virginia legislation provides for the recovery of costs, subject to approval by the Virginia Commission, for Virginia Power to move approximately 4,000 miles of electric distribution lines underground. The program is designed to reduce restoration outage time by moving Virginia Power s most outage-prone overhead distribution lines underground, has an annual investment cap of approximately 175 million and is expected to be completed by 2029. The Virginia Commission has approved six phases of the program encompassing approximately 1,866 miles of converted lines and 1.1 billion in capital spending (with 1.1 billion recoverable through Rider U). 
 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Sources of Energy Supply 
 Virginia Power uses a variety of fuels to power its electric generation fleet and purchases power for utility system load requirements and to satisfy physical forward sale requirements. Some of these agreements have fixed commitments and are detailed further in Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments in Item 7. MD A. 
 Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power s actual system output by energy source: 

Source 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Natural gas 

36 

40 

48 

Nuclear (1) 

28 

29 

32 

Purchased power, net 

23 

17 

7 

Coal (2) 

8 

9 

9 

Renewable and Hydro (3) 

5 

5 

4 

Total 

100 

100 

100 

(1) Excludes ODEC s 11.6 undivided ownership interest in North Anna. 

(2) Excludes ODEC s 50.0 undivided ownership interest in the Clover power station. 

(3) Includes solar and biomass. 

Nuclear Fuel Virginia Power primarily utilizes long-term contracts to support its nuclear fuel requirements. Worldwide market conditions are continuously evaluated to ensure a range of supply options at reasonable prices which are dependent on the market environment. Current agreements, inventories and spot market availability are expected to support current and planned fuel supply needs. Additional fuel is purchased as required to ensure optimal cost and inventory levels. 
 
 Fossil Fuel Virginia Power primarily utilizes natural gas and coal in its fossil fuel plants. All recent fossil fuel plant construction involves natural gas generation. 
 
 Virginia Power s natural gas and oil supply is obtained from various sources including purchases from major and independent producers in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, purchases from local producers in the Appalachian area and Marcellus and Utica regions, purchases from gas marketers and withdrawals from underground storage fields owned by third parties. Virginia Power manages a portfolio of natural gas transportation contracts (capacity) that provides for reliable natural gas deliveries to its gas turbine fleet, while minimizing costs. 
 
 Virginia Power s coal supply is obtained through long-term contracts and short-term spot agreements from domestic suppliers. 
 
 Biomass Virginia Power s biomass supply is obtained through long-term contracts and short-term spot agreements from local suppliers. 
 
 Purchased Power Virginia Power purchases electricity from the PJM spot market and through power purchase agreements with other suppliers to provide for utility system load requirements. 

18 
 
 Seasonality 
 Virginia Power s earnings vary seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in temperature, the impact of storms and other catastrophic weather events, and the availability of alternative sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs, respectively. An increase in heating degree days for Virginia Power s electric utility-related operations does not produce the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, due to seasonal pricing differentials and because alternative heating sources are more readily available. 
 Nuclear Decommissioning 
 Virginia Power has a total of four licensed, operating nuclear reactors at Surry and North Anna in Virginia. 
 
 Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. Amounts collected from ratepayers have been placed into trusts and are invested to fund the expected future costs of decommissioning the Surry and North Anna units. 
 
 Virginia Power believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and contributions are required. This reflects the long-term investment horizon, since the units will not be decommissioned for decades, and a positive long-term outlook for trust fund investment returns. Virginia Power will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial assurance requirements, which may include, if needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. 
 
 The estimated cost to decommission Virginia Power s four nuclear units is reflected in the table below and is primarily based upon site-specific studies completed in 2019. These cost studies are generally completed every four to five years. The current cost estimates assume decommissioning activities will begin shortly after cessation of operations, which will occur when the operating licenses expire. 
 
 Under the current operating licenses, Virginia Power is scheduled to decommission the Surry and North Anna units during the period 2038 to 2112. NRC regulations allow licensees to apply for extension of an operating license in up to 20-year increments. In 2021, Virginia Power was granted an additional 20 years for its operating licenses for the two units at Surry. Under these license extensions, the two units will be allowed to generate electricity through 2052 and 2053. In 2020, Virginia Power submitted a license renewal application for the two units at North Anna. Under this renewal application, the two units will be allowed to generate electricity through 2058 and 2060, if approved. Between the four units, Virginia Power estimates that it could spend approximately 4 billion through 2035 on capital improvements. The existing regulatory framework in Virginia provides rate recovery mechanisms for such costs. 
 
 The estimated decommissioning costs, funds in trust and current license expiration dates for Surry and North Anna are shown in the following table: 

NRC license expiration year 
 
 Most recent cost estimate (2022 dollars) (1) 

Funds in trusts at December 31, 2022 (2) 

(dollars in millions) 

Surry 

Unit 1 
 
 2052 

849 

905 

Unit 2 
 
 2053 

839 

892 

North Anna 

Unit 1 (3) 
 
 2038 

760 

724 

Unit 2 (3) 
 
 2040 

765 

681 

Total 

3,213 

3,202 

(1) The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on Virginia Power s contracts with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the reductions reflected in Virginia Power s nuclear decommissioning AROs and includes the expectation that 20-year license extensions are approved for both units at North Anna. 

(2) Virginia Power did not make any contributions to its nuclear decommissioning trust funds during 2022. 

(3) North Anna is jointly owned by Virginia Power (88.4 and ODEC (11.6 ). However, Virginia Power is responsible for 89.26 of the decommissioning obligation. Amounts reflect 89.26 of the decommissioning cost for both of North Anna s units. 

Also see Notes 9, 14 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about nuclear decommissioning trust investments, AROs and other aspects of nuclear decommissioning, respectively. 
 
 19 
 
 GAS DISTRIBUTION 
 Gas Distribution includes Dominion Energy s regulated natural gas sales, transportation, gathering, storage and distribution operations in Ohio, North Carolina, Utah, southwestern Wyoming and southeastern Idaho (through East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas) which collectively serve approximately 3.0 million residential, commercial and industrial customers. Gas Distribution also includes nonregulated renewable natural gas facilities in operation and under development, including Dominion Energy s investment in Align RNG. See Investments below for additional information regarding the Align RNG investment. 
 
 Gas Distribution s previously announced growth capital plan includes spending approximately 5 billion from 2022 through 2026 to upgrade existing or add new infrastructure to meet growing energy needs and retain reliability within its service territory as well as investments in renewable natural gas infrastructure projects. Planned capital spending is driven by infrastructure needs from a growing customer base in states with expanding economies, replacing aging assets for reliability, safety and sustainability and meeting demands for natural gas to support the transition from more carbon intensive fuels. An updated growth capital plan is dependent upon completion of the comprehensive business review discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A. 
 
 Earnings for Gas Distribution primarily result from rates established by the Ohio, North Carolina, Utah, Wyoming and Idaho Commissions. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on their capital investments. Variability in earnings primarily results from changes in operating and maintenance expenditures, as well as changes in rates and the economy, including customer growth. 
 Competition 
 East Ohio offers an Energy Choice program, under which residential customers are encouraged to purchase gas directly from retail suppliers or through a community aggregation program and have it delivered by East Ohio. At December 31, 2022, approximately 1.1 million of East Ohio s 1.2 million Ohio customers were participating in the Energy Choice program. 
 
 Competition in PSNC s natural gas distribution operations is generally based on price and convenience. Large commercial and industrial customers often have the ability to switch from natural gas to an alternate fuel, such as propane or fuel oil. Natural gas competes with these alternate fuels based on price. As a result, any significant disparity between supply and demand, either of natural gas or of alternate fuels, and due either to production or delivery disruptions or other factors, will affect price and the ability to retain large commercial and industrial customers. 
 
 Questar Gas does not currently face direct competition from other distributors of natural gas for residential and commercial customers in its service territories as state regulations in Utah, Wyoming and Idaho do not allow customers to choose their provider at this time. See State Regulations in Regulation for additional information. 
 In all of Dominion Energy s gas service territories, electric utilities offer electricity as a rival energy source and compete for the space heating, water heating and cooking markets. The principal means to compete against alternative fuels is lower prices, and natural gas historically has maintained its price advantage in the residential and commercial markets. Competition for heating as well as general household and small commercial energy needs generally occurs at the initial installation phase when the customer or builder makes the decision as to which types of equipment to install. As a result, customers tend to use their chosen energy source for the life of the equipment. 
 Regulation 
 Gas Distribution s operations, including the rates that it may charge customers, are regulated by the Ohio, North Carolina, Utah, Wyoming and Idaho Commissions as well as PHMSA, the EPA and the U.S. Department of Transportation. See Federal Regulations and State Regulations in Regulations , Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Properties 
 For a description of existing facilities see Item 2. Properties . 
 
 Dominion Energy has the following significant projects under construction or development to better serve utility customers or expand its service offerings within its utility service territory as well as to support its strategy to achieve net zero emissions. 
 
 East Ohio In 2008, East Ohio began PIR, aimed at replacing approximately 25 of its pipeline system. In September 2016, the Ohio Commission approved a stipulation filed jointly by East Ohio and the Staff of the Ohio Commission to continue the PIR program and associated cost recovery for another five-year term beginning in 2017, and to permit East Ohio to increase its annual capital 
 
 20 
 
 expenditures to 200 million by 2018 with a 3 increase per year thereafter subject to the annual cost recovery rate increase caps proposed by East Ohio. In April 2022, the Ohio Commission approved an extension of East Ohio s PIR program for capital investments through 2026 with continuation of 3 increases of annual capital expenditures per year. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 In 2011, East Ohio began CEP which enables East Ohio to defer depreciation expense, property tax expense and carrying costs on capital investments not covered by its PIR program to expand, upgrade or replace its pipeline system and information technology systems as well as investments necessary to comply with the Ohio Commission or other government regulation. In 2022, the Ohio Commission approved recovery of costs incurred in 2019, 2020 and 2021 under an associated rider. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 PSNC The North Carolina Commission has authorized PSNC to use a tracker mechanism to recover the incurred capital investment and associated costs of complying with federal standards for pipeline integrity and safety requirements that are not in current base rates. Projected integrity management plan investment, excluding the costs associated with the project noted below, for the period 2023 to 2025 is expected to be approximately 144 million. 
 
 During 2020, construction began on 11 miles of transmission pipeline in Buncombe County, NC. After an analysis was performed under the integrity management program, the new transmission line was deemed necessary to offset the capacity losses on the existing line due to lower pressure being utilized in order to meet federal safety requirements. The project is expected to cost approximately 65 million and had approximately 10 miles placed into service in December 2021 with the remaining portion anticipated to be placed into service in 2023. 
 
 Questar Gas In 2010, Questar Gas began replacing aging high pressure infrastructure under a cost-tracking mechanism that allows it to place into rate base and earn a return on capital expenditures associated with a multi-year natural gas infrastructure-replacement program upon the completion of each project. As part of the 2022 Utah base rate case, the Utah Commission approved the continuation of the infrastructure-replacement program with an annual spending budget of approximately 85 million, to be adjusted annually for inflation. 
 
 In 2018, legislation became effective in Utah which is designed to spur economic growth in rural communities without natural gas service. Pursuant to its 2022 Utah base rate case, Questar Gas is permitted to spend approximately 85 million over the three years, and approximately 215 million in the aggregate, for expansion of distribution facilities to bring natural gas to residential and commercial customers in rural parts of Utah, as approved by the Utah Commission. Additionally, as part of the 2022 Utah base rate case, the Utah Commission also approved the inclusion of 24 million of rural expansion capital investment in rate base, with costs above this amount to be included for future rural expansion cost consideration. 
 
 Non-Utility Renewable Natural Gas In December 2019, Dominion Energy announced the formation of a strategic alliance with Vanguard Renewables in collaboration with the Dairy Farmers of America to capture methane from dairy farms and convert it into pipeline quality natural gas. In August 2021, Dominion Energy announced an expansion of the partnership, increasing its commitment up to 1 billion. As of December 31, 2022, 16 dairy renewable natural gas facilities were under construction in Colorado, Nevada, Idaho, Georgia, Kansas, Texas and New Mexico. These facilities are expected to be placed in service in 2023 through 2025 with an estimated total cost of approximately 1.0 billion, excluding financing costs. 
 Investments 
 Align RNG In November 2018, Dominion Energy announced the formation of Align RNG, an equal partnership with Smithfield Foods, Inc. Align RNG expects to invest 500 million to develop assets to capture methane from swine farms across Virginia, North Carolina, Utah and Arizona and convert it into pipeline quality natural gas. In July 2020, Align RNG placed its first project, located in Milford, UT, in service and the project has produced over 160,000 Dths of renewable natural gas. As of December 31, 2022, Align RNG had four additional projects under construction in North Carolina, Arizona and Virginia with an estimated total cost of approximately 200 million. These facilities are expected to be placed in service in 2023 and 2024. 
 Sources of Energy Supply 
 Dominion Energy s natural gas supply is obtained from various sources including purchases from major and independent producers in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, local producers in the Appalachian area, gas marketers and, for Questar Gas specifically, from Wexpro and other producers in the Rocky Mountain region. Wexpro s gas development and production operations serve over half of Questar Gas gas supply requirements in accordance with the Wexpro Agreements, comprehensive agreements with the states 
 
 21 
 
 of Utah and Wyoming. In addition, these agreements provide for potential cost saving sharing incentives to the extent that the cost of gas supplied to Questar Gas is a certain amount lower than third-party rates. 
 Seasonality 
 Gas Distribution s customer demand varies seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in temperature on demand by residential and commercial customers for gas to meet heating needs. Accordingly, customer demand is highest during the heating season which is generally from November to March; however, implementation of rate mechanisms for transportation services for East Ohio, and gas sales for Questar Gas and PSNC mitigate the earnings impact of weather-related fluctuations. 
 DOMINION ENERGY SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina is comprised of DESC s generation, transmission and distribution of electricity to approximately 782,000 customers in the central, southern and southwestern portions of South Carolina and the distribution of natural gas to approximately 435,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in South Carolina. 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina s previously announced growth capital plan includes spending approximately 2 billion from 2022 through 2026 to upgrade existing or add new infrastructure to meet growing energy needs within its service territory and maintain reliability. An updated growth capital plan is dependent upon completion of the comprehensive business review discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A. 
 
 Revenue provided by DESC s electric distribution operations is based primarily on rates established by the South Carolina Commission. Variability in earnings is driven primarily by changes in rates, weather, customer growth and other factors impacting consumption such as the economy and energy conservation, in addition to operating and maintenance expenditures. 
 DESC s electric transmission operations serve its electric distribution operations as well as certain wholesale customers. Revenue provided by such electric transmission operations is based on a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism under DESC s open access transmission tariff or based on retail rates established by the South Carolina Commission. 
 
 Revenue provided by DESC s electric generation operations is primarily derived from the sale of electricity generated by its utility generation assets and is based on rates established by the South Carolina Commission. Variability in earnings may arise when revenues are impacted by factors not reflected in current rates, such as the impact of weather, customer demand or the timing and nature of expenses or outages. 
 
 Electric operations continue to focus on improving service and experience levels while striving to reduce costs and link investments to operational results. SAIDI performance results, excluding major events, were 82 minutes for the three-year average ending 2022, consistent with the previous three-year average of 82 minutes. 
 
 Revenue provided by DESC s natural gas distribution operations primarily results from rates established by the South Carolina Commission. Variability in earnings results from changes in operating and maintenance expenditures, as well as changes in rates and the demand for services, the availability and prices of alternative fuels and the economy. 
 
 DESC is a member of the Carolinas Reserve Sharing Group, one of several geographic divisions within the SERC. The SERC is one of seven regional entities with delegated authority from NERC for the purpose of proposing and enforcing reliability standards approved by NERC. In addition, DESC also participates in the SEEM platform, which became operational in November 2022. 
 Competition 
 There is no competition for electric distribution or generation service within DESC s retail electric service territory in South Carolina and no such competition is currently permitted. However, competition from third-party owners for development, construction and ownership of certain transmission facilities in DESC s service territory is permitted pursuant to Order 1000, subject to state and local siting and permitting approvals. This could result in additional competition to build and own transmission infrastructure in DESC s service area in the future. 
 
 Competition in DESC s natural gas distribution operations is generally based on price and convenience. Large commercial and industrial customers often have the ability to switch from natural gas to an alternate fuel, such as propane or fuel oil. Natural gas competes with these alternate fuels based on price. As a result, any significant disparity between supply and demand, either of natural gas or of alternate fuels, and due either to production or delivery disruptions or other factors, will affect price and the ability to retain large commercial and industrial customers. 
 
 22 
 
 Regulation 
 DESC s electric distribution service, including the rates it may charge to jurisdictional customers, is subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commission. DESC s electric generation operations are subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commission, FERC, the NRC, the EPA, the DOE, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and various other federal, state and local authorities. DESC s electric transmission service is primarily regulated by FERC and the DOE. DESC s gas distribution operations are subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commission, as well as PHMSA, the U.S. Department of Transportation and the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff for enforcement of federal and state pipeline safety requirements. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Properties 
 For a description of existing facilities see Item 2. Properties. 
 
 DESC has the following significant projects under construction or development to better serve customers or expand its service offerings within its service territory: 
 
 In 2020, DESC began the upgrade of its electric and gas systems to an AMI whereby smart meters will be installed throughout its service area. As of December 31, 2022, DESC has completed the installation of approximately 765,000 of the planned 1.1 million smart meters. This project is estimated to cost approximately 140 million and be completed in mid-2024. 
 
 In January 2022, DESC committed to a plan to retire certain existing gas combustion turbine facilities, including certain units which currently do not have any net summer capability, and replace them with new gas combustion turbine units at the Williams and Parr facilities to increase reliability and reduce emissions. The replacement facilities are expected to be placed in service by the end of 2025 at an estimated cost of approximately 310 million, excluding financing costs, and have a total winter generating capacity of approximately 171 MW. 
 
 To maintain reliability, DESC expects to commence development in 2023 of a wastewater treatment facility at its Williams facility. The project will allow DESC to comply with the effluent limitation guidelines and is expected to be placed in service by the end of 2025 at an estimated cost of approximately 165 million, excluding financing costs. 
 Sources of Energy Supply 
 DESC uses a variety of fuels to power its electric generation fleet and purchases power for utility system load requirements. 
 Presented below is a summary of DESC s actual system output by energy source: 

Source 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Natural gas 

48 

49 

47 

Nuclear (1) 

23 

20 

20 

Coal 

18 

20 

22 

Renewable and Hydro (2) 

11 

11 

11 

Total 

100 

100 

100 

(1) Excludes Santee Cooper s 33.3 undivided ownership interest in Summer. 

(2) Includes solar. 

Natural gas DESC purchases natural gas under contracts with producers and marketers on both a short-term and long-term basis at market-based prices. The gas is delivered to DESC through firm transportation agreements with various counterparties, which expire between 2023 and 2084. 
 
 Coal DESC primarily obtains coal through short-term and long-term contracts with suppliers located in eastern Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia that will expire at various times throughout 2023 and 2024. Spot market purchases may occur when needed or when prices are believed to be favorable. 
 
 Nuclear DESC primarily utilizes long-term contracts to support its nuclear fuel requirements. DESC, for itself and as agent for Santee Cooper, and Westinghouse are parties to a fuel alliance agreement and contracts for fuel fabrication and related services. Under these contracts, DESC supplies enriched products to Westinghouse, who in turn supplies nuclear fuel assemblies for Summer. Westinghouse is DESC s exclusive provider of such fuel assemblies on a cost-plus basis. The fuel assemblies to be delivered under the contracts are expected to supply the nuclear fuel requirements through 2033. 
 
 23 

In addition, DESC has contracts covering its nuclear fuel needs for uranium, conversion services and enrichment services. These contracts have varying expiration dates through 2024. DESC believes that it will be able to renew these contracts as they expire or enter into similar contractual arrangements with other suppliers of nuclear fuel materials and services and that sufficient capacity for nuclear fuel supplies and processing exists to allow for normal operations of its nuclear generating unit. Current agreements, inventories and spot market availability are expected to support current and planned fuel supply needs. Additional fuel is purchased as required to ensure optimal fuel and inventory levels. 
 
 Seasonality 
 DESC s electric distribution and transmission business earnings vary seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in temperature, the impact of storms and other catastrophic weather events and the availability of alternative sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs, respectively. An increase in heating degree days does not produce the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, due to seasonal pricing differentials and because alternative heating sources are more readily available. 
 
 DESC s gas distribution and storage business earnings vary seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in temperature on demand by residential and commercial customers for gas to meet heating needs. The majority of these earnings are generated during the heating season, which is generally from November to March; however, South Carolina has certain rate mechanisms designed to reduce the impact of weather-related fluctuations. 
 
 Nuclear Decommissioning 
 DESC has a two-thirds interest in one licensed, operating nuclear reactor at Summer in South Carolina. 
 
 Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. Amounts collected from ratepayers are placed into trusts and are invested to fund the expected future costs of decommissioning Summer. 
 
 DESC believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to this trust. DESC will continue to monitor this trust to ensure that it meets the NRC minimum financial assurance requirements, which may include, if needed, the use of Dominion Energy guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. 
 
 The estimated cost to DESC to decommission its 66.7 ownership in Summer is reflected in the table below and is primarily based upon site-specific studies completed in 2020. These cost studies are generally completed every four to five years. Santee Cooper is responsible for the remaining decommissioning costs, proportionate with its 33.3 ownership in Summer. The cost estimates assume decommissioning activities will begin shortly after cessation of operations, which will occur when the operating license expires. NRC regulations allow licensees to apply for extension of an operating license in up to 20-year increments. DESC expects to apply for an operating license renewal for Summer. 
 The estimated decommissioning costs, funds in trust and current license expiration dates for Summer are shown in the following table: 

NRC license expiration year 
 
 Most recent cost estimate (2022 dollars) (1) 

Funds in trusts at December 31, 2022 (2) 

(dollars in millions) 

Summer Unit 1 
 
 2042 

788 

221 

(1) The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on DESC s contracts with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the reductions reflected in DESC s nuclear decommissioning AROs and includes the expectation that a 20-year license extension is obtained. 

(2) Excludes any funds held in trust by Santee Cooper. DESC made contributions of 3 million to its nuclear decommissioning trust funds during 2022. 

Also see Notes 9, 14 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about nuclear decommissioning trust investments, AROs and other aspects of nuclear decommissioning, respectively. 

24 
 
 CONTRACTED ASSETS 
 Contracted Assets includes the operations of Millstone, and associated energy marketing and price risk activities, Dominion Energy s nonregulated long-term contracted renewable electric generation fleet, solar generation facility development operations and Dominion Energy s 50 noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. 
 
 Contracted Assets previously announced growth capital plan includes spending approximately 3 billion from 2022 through 2026 to expand its renewable generation fleet. While an updated growth capital plan is dependent upon completion of the comprehensive business review discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A, it is expected to reflect a decreased investment in new nonregulated solar generation facilities. 
 
 Contracted Assets derives its earnings primarily from Dominion Energy s nonregulated generation assets, including associated capacity and ancillary services, and from its noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. Variability in earnings provided by Millstone relates to changes in market-based prices received for electricity and capacity as well as the timing, duration and costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages. Approximately half of Millstone s output is sold under the Millstone 2019 power purchase agreements, which commenced in October 2019. Market-based prices for electricity are largely dependent on commodity prices and the demand for electricity. Capacity prices are dependent upon resource requirements in relation to the supply available (both existing and new) in the forward capacity auctions, which are held approximately three years in advance of the associated delivery year. Dominion Energy manages the electric price volatility of Millstone by hedging a substantial portion of its expected near-term energy sales not subject to the Millstone 2019 power purchase agreements with derivative instruments. 
 
 Dominion Energy s nonregulated generation fleet includes solar generation facilities in operation or development in nine states, including Virginia. The output of these facilities is sold under long-term power purchase agreements with terms generally ranging from 15 to 25 years. Variability in earnings provided by these assets relates to changes in irradiance levels due to changes in weather. See Notes 3 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding certain solar projects. 
 Competition 
 Contracted Asset s renewable generation projects are not currently subject to significant competition as the output from these facilities is primarily sold under long-term power purchase agreements with terms generally ranging from 15 to 25 years. However, in the future, such operations may compete with other power generation facilities to serve certain large-scale customers after the power purchase agreements expire. Competition for the nonregulated fleet is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and transmission capacity, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities and other factors. These competitive factors may negatively impact the nonregulated fleet s ability to profit from the sale of electricity and related products and services. 
 
 Millstone is dependent on its ability to operate in a competitive environment and does not have a predetermined rate structure that provides for an ROIC. Millstone operates within a functioning RTO and primarily competes on the basis of price. Competitors include other generating assets bidding to operate within the RTO. Millstone competes in the wholesale market with other generators to sell a variety of products including energy, capacity and ancillary services. It is difficult to compare various types of generation given the wide range of fuels used by generation facilities, fuel procurement strategies, efficiencies and operating characteristics of the fleet within any given RTO. However, Dominion Energy applies its expertise in operations, dispatch and risk management to maximize the degree to which Millstone is competitive compared to similar assets within the region. 
 Regulation 
 Contracted Assets generation fleet is subject to regulation by the NRC, the EPA, the DOE, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and other federal, state and local authorities. See Federal Regulations in Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A and Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Properties 
 For a listing of facilities, see Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Dominion Energy currently plans to invest approximately 0.5 billion through 2024 to acquire or construct three solar facilities currently under development in Virginia and Ohio totaling approximately 345 MW of expected generating capacity when placed in service. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 25 
 
 Investments 
 Contracted Assets includes Dominion Energy s 50 noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. Cove Point s gas transportation, LNG import and storage operations, as well as the Liquefaction Facility s capacity, are contracted primarily under long-term fixed reservation fee agreements. The Liquefaction Facility has a firm contracted capacity for LNG loading onto ships of approximately 4.6 Mtpa (0.66 bcfe/day) under normal operating conditions and after accounting for maintenance downtime. In addition to the operations of the Liquefaction Facility, Cove Point receives revenue from firm fee-based contractual arrangements, including negotiated rates, for its pipeline operations and certain LNG storage and terminalling services as provided for in FERC-approved tariffs. Variability in earnings results from changes in operating and maintenance expenditures and, for FERC-regulated operations, changes in rates and demand for services. 
 
 See Item 2. Properties for a description of Cove Point s physical assets. 
 
 See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about Dominion Energy s equity method investment in Cove Point. 
 
 Leasing Arrangement 
 In December 2020, Dominion Energy signed an agreement (subsequently amended in December 2022) with a lessor to complete construction of and lease a Jones Act compliant offshore wind installation vessel. This vessel is designed to handle current turbine technologies as well as next generation turbines. The lessor is providing equity and has obtained financing commitments from debt investors, totaling 550 million, to fund the estimated project costs. The project is expected to be ready for the 2024 offshore wind turbine installation season. The initial lease term will commence once construction is substantially complete and the vessel is delivered and will mature in November 2027. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Sources of Energy Supply 
 Contracted Asset s renewable fleet utilizes solar energy to power its electric generation while Millstone utilizes nuclear fuel, which is acquired primarily through a series of 5-year contracts, to power its electric generation. In addition, Dominion Energy occasionally purchases electricity from the ISO-NE spot market to satisfy physical forward sale requirements, as described below. Some of these agreements have fixed commitments and are detailed further in Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments in Item 7. MD A. 
 Seasonality 
 Sales of electricity for Contracted Assets are subject to seasonal variation as a result of the weather, partially mitigated by the Millstone 2019 power purchase agreements. 
 Nuclear Decommissioning 
 Dominion Energy has two licensed, operating nuclear reactors at Millstone in Connecticut. A third Millstone unit ceased operations before Dominion Energy acquired the power station. 
 
 As part of Dominion Energy s acquisition of Millstone, it acquired decommissioning funds for the related units. Dominion Energy believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone units. Dominion Energy will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial assurance requirements, which may include, if needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. The most recent site-specific study completed for Millstone was performed in 2019. 
 
 The estimated decommissioning costs, funds in trust and current license expiration dates for Millstone are shown in the following table: 

NRC license expiration year 
 
 Most recent cost estimate (2022 dollars) (1) 

Funds in trusts at December 31, 2022 (2) 

(dollars in millions) 

Millstone 

Unit 1 (3) 
 
 N/A 

464 

685 

Unit 2 
 
 2035 

694 

929 

Unit 3 (4) 
 
 2045 

787 

920 

Total 

1,945 

2,534 

26 
 
 (1) The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on Dominion Energy s contracts with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the reductions reflected in Dominion Energy s nuclear decommissioning AROs. 

(2) Dominion Energy did not make any contributions to its nuclear decommissioning trust funds related to Millstone during 2022. 

(3) Unit 1 permanently ceased operations in 1998, before Dominion Energy s acquisition of Millstone. 

(4) Millstone Unit 3 is jointly owned by Dominion Energy Nuclear Connecticut, Inc., with a 6.53 undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain. Decommissioning cost is shown at Dominion Energy s ownership percentage. At December 31, 2022, the minority owners held 53 million of trust funds related to Millstone Unit 3 that are not reflected in the table above. 

Also see Notes 9, 14 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about nuclear decommissioning trust investments, AROs and other aspects of nuclear decommissioning, respectively. 
 CORPORATE AND OTHER 
 Corporate and Other Segment-Virginia Power 
 Virginia Power s Corporate and Other segment primarily includes certain specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment s performance or in allocating resources. 
 Corporate and Other Segment-Dominion Energy 
 Dominion Energy s Corporate and Other segment includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) as well as its noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization. Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments performance or in allocating resources. In addition, Corporate and Other includes the net impact of discontinued operations consisting primarily of Dominion Energy s equity investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline as discussed in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Dominion Energy owns a 50 noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization, a partnership with Patriot, which will maintain and operate electric and gas distribution infrastructure under service concession arrangements with certain U.S. military installations in Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas and Virginia. 
 
 Dominion Energy owns a 53 noncontrolling interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. In July 2020, as a result of the continued permitting delays, growing legal uncertainties and the need to incur significant capital expenditures to maintain project timing before such uncertainties could be resolved, Dominion Energy and Duke Energy announced the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. 
 
 See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 REGULATION 
 The Companies are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including the state commissions of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ohio, Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, SEC, FERC, EPA, DOE, PHMSA, NRC, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Department of Transportation. 
 State Regulations 
 Electric 
 Virginia Power and DESC s electric utility retail services are subject to regulation by the Virginia and North Carolina Commissions and the South Carolina Commission, respectively. 
 Virginia Power and DESC hold CPCNs which authorize them to maintain and operate their electric facilities already in operation and to sell electricity to customers. However, Virginia Power and DESC may not construct generating facilities or large capacity transmission lines without the prior approval of various state and federal government agencies. In addition, the Virginia Commission and the North Carolina Commission regulate Virginia Power s and the South Carolina Commission regulates DESC s transactions with affiliates and transfers of certain facilities. The Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina Commissions also regulate the issuance of certain securities. 
 Electric Regulation in Virginia 
 The Regulation Act provides for a cost-of-service rate model and permits Virginia Power to seek recovery of costs for new generation projects, including pumped hydroelectricity generation and storage facilities as well as extensions of operating licenses of nuclear 
 
 27 
 
 power generation facilities, FERC-approved transmission costs, underground distribution lines, certain environmental compliance, conservation, energy efficiency and demand response programs and renewable energy facilities and programs through stand-alone riders, and also contains statutory provisions directing Virginia Power to file annual fuel cost recovery cases with the Virginia Commission. 
 In March 2018, the GTSA reinstated base rate reviews on a triennial basis other than the 2021 Triennial Review. In the triennial review proceedings, earnings that are more than 70 basis points above the utility s authorized ROE that might have been refunded to customers and served as the basis for a reduction in future rates, may be reduced by Virginia Commission-approved investment amounts in qualifying solar or wind generation facilities or electric distribution grid transformation projects that Virginia Power elects to include as a CCRO. The legislation declares that electric distribution grid transformation projects are in the public interest and provides that Virginia Power may seek to recover the costs of such projects through a rider if not the subject of a CCRO. Any costs that are the subject of a CCRO are deemed recovered in base rates during the triennial period under review and may not be included in base rates in future triennial review proceedings. In any triennial review in which the Virginia Commission determines that the utility s earnings are more than 70 basis points above its authorized ROE, base rates are subject to reduction prospectively and customer refunds would be due unless the total CCRO elected by the utility equals or exceeds the amount of earnings in excess of the 70 basis points. For the purposes of measuring any customer refunds or CCRO amounts utilized under the GTSA, associated income taxes are factored into the determination of such amounts. 
 In April 2020, the VCEA replaced Virginia s voluntary renewable energy portfolio standard for Virginia Power with a mandatory program setting annual renewable energy portfolio standard requirements based on the percentage of total electric energy sold by Virginia Power, excluding existing nuclear generation and certain new carbon-free resources, reaching 100 by the end of 2045. The VCEA includes related requirements concerning deployment of wind, solar and energy storage resources, as well as provides for certain measures to increase net-metering, including an allocation for low-income customers, incentivizes energy efficiency programs and provides for cost recovery related to participation in a carbon trading program. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Electric Regulation in North Carolina 
 Virginia Power s retail electric base rates in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the North Carolina Commission. North Carolina base rates are set by a process that allows Virginia Power to recover its operating costs and an ROIC. If retail electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, Virginia Power s future earnings could be negatively impacted. Fuel rates are subject to revision under annual fuel cost adjustment proceedings. Recent North Carolina legislation provides Virginia Power the option to apply for a multi-year rate plan to establish base rates under a performance-based rate plan rather than a general rate case. Under this optional structure, rates would be set for a multi-year period and be subject to revenue decoupling for residential customers, an annual earnings sharing mechanism and performance-based requirements. 
 Virginia Power s transmission service rates in North Carolina are regulated by the North Carolina Commission as part of Virginia Power s bundled retail service to North Carolina customers. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Electric Regulation in South Carolina 
 DESC s retail electric base rates in South Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to South Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the South Carolina Commission. South Carolina base rates are set by a process that allows DESC to recover its operating costs and an ROIC. If retail electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE established by the South Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction, which may decrease DESC s future earnings. Additionally, if the South Carolina Commission does not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, DESC s future earnings could be negatively impacted. Fuel costs are reviewed annually by the South Carolina Commission, as required by statute, and fuel rates are subject to revision in these annual fuel proceedings. DESC also submits annual filings to the South Carolina Commission for rider recovery related to its DSM programs and pension costs. The DSM rider includes recovery of any net lost revenues and for a shared savings incentive. 
 Pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, DESC is recovering capital costs and a return on capital cost rate base related to the NND Project over a 20-year period through a capital cost rider. The capital cost rider also provides for the return to retail electric 
 
 28 
 
 customers of certain amounts associated with the NND Project. Revenue from the capital cost rider component of retail electric rates will continue to decline over the 20-year period as capital cost rate base is reduced. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Gas 
 Questar Gas and Wexpro s natural gas development, production, transportation and distribution services, including the rates it may charge its customers, are regulated by the state commissions of Utah, Wyoming and Idaho. East Ohio, PSNC and DESC s natural gas distribution services, including the rates they may charge their customers, are regulated by the state commissions of Ohio, North Carolina and South Carolina, respectively. 
 Gas Regulation in Utah, Wyoming and Idaho 
 Questar Gas is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the Utah, Wyoming and Idaho Commissions. The Idaho Commission has contracted with the Utah Commission for rate oversight of Questar Gas operations in a small area of southeastern Idaho. When necessary, Questar Gas seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are set based on the cost-of-service by rate class. Base rates for Questar Gas are designed primarily based on rate design methodology in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric charges. The volumetric charges for the residential and small commercial customers in Utah and Wyoming are subject to revenue decoupling and adjusted for changes in usage per customer. 
 Questar Gas makes routine separate filings with the Utah and Wyoming Commissions to reflect changes in the costs of purchased gas. Questar Gas purchased gas adjustment allows it to recover from customers all prudently incurred gas costs, including transportation costs, and certain related uncollectible expenses. A large portion of these purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery through the Wexpro Agreement and Wexpro II Agreement. Costs that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets. The purchased gas recovery filings generally cover a prospective twelve-month period. Approved increases or decreases in gas cost recovery rates result in increases or decreases in revenues with corresponding increases or decreases in net purchased gas cost expenses. 
 The Utah Commission has approved a standalone cost recovery mechanism to recover specified costs and a return for infrastructure projects between general base rate cases. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Gas Regulation in Ohio 
 East Ohio is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the Ohio Commission. When necessary, East Ohio seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are set based on the cost-of-service by rate class. A straight-fixed-variable rate design, in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through a monthly charge rather than a volumetric charge, is utilized to establish rates for a majority of East Ohio s customers pursuant to a 2008 rate case settlement. 
 East Ohio makes routine filings with the Ohio Commission to reflect changes in the costs of gas purchased for operational balancing on its system. These purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery through a mechanism that ensures dollar for dollar recovery of prudently incurred costs. Costs that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets. The rider filings cover unrecovered gas costs plus prospective annual demand costs. Increases or decreases in gas cost rider rates result in increases or decreases in revenues with corresponding increases or decreases in net purchased gas cost expenses. 
 The Ohio Commission has also approved several stand-alone cost recovery mechanisms to recover specified costs and a return for infrastructure, information technology and integrity or compliance-related projects between general base rate cases. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Gas Regulation in North Carolina 
 PSNC is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the North Carolina Commission. When necessary, PSNC seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are set based on the cost-of-service by rate class. Base rates for PSNC are designed primarily based on rate design methodology in which the 
 
 29 
 
 majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric charges. The volumetric charges for the residential and commercial customers are subject to revenue decoupling and adjusted for changes in usage per customer. 
 
 PSNC makes routine separate filings with the North Carolina Commission to reflect changes in the costs of purchased gas. PSNC s purchased gas adjustment allows it to recover from customers all prudently incurred gas costs, including transportation costs, and the related portion of uncollectible expenses. Costs that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets. The purchased gas recovery filings are made periodically to reflect prospective costs and recovery. Approved increases or decreases in gas cost recovery rates result in increases or decreases in revenues with corresponding increases or decreases in net purchased gas cost expenses. 
 
 The North Carolina Commission has also approved a stand-alone cost recovery mechanism to recover specified capital costs and a return for pipeline integrity management infrastructure projects between general base rate cases. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Gas Regulation in South Carolina 
 DESC is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its natural gas distribution service by the South Carolina Commission. DESC provides retail natural gas service to customers in areas in which it has received authorization from the South Carolina Commission and in municipalities in which it holds a franchise. DESC s base rates can be adjusted annually, pursuant to the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act, for recovery of costs related to natural gas infrastructure. Base rates are set based on the cost-of-service by rate class approved by the South Carolina Commission in the latest general rate case. Base rates for DESC are based primarily on a rate design methodology in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric charges. DESC also utilizes a weather normalization adjustment to adjust its base rates during the winter billing months for residential and commercial customers to mitigate the effects of unusually cold or warm weather. 
 DESC s natural gas tariffs include a purchased gas adjustment that provides for the recovery of prudently incurred gas costs, including transportation costs. DESC is authorized to adjust its purchased gas rates monthly and makes routine filings with the South Carolina Commission to provide notification of changes in these rates. Costs that are under or over recovered are deferred as regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, and considered in subsequent purchased gas adjustments. The purchased gas adjustment filings generally cover a prospective twelve-month period. Increases or decreases in purchased gas costs can result in corresponding changes in purchased gas adjustment rates and the revenue generated by those rates. The South Carolina Commission reviews DESC s gas purchasing policies and practices, including its administration of the purchased gas adjustment, annually. DESC has also received approval from the South Carolina Commission to create DSM programs for its residential and commercial natural gas customers and a rider to retail gas rates for the recovery of the associated program costs and for a shared savings incentive. DESC has also notified the South Carolina Commission that DESC would seek to recover the net lost revenues resulting from the DSM programs through its annual Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act proceeding. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Federal Regulations 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates wholesale sales and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities. Virginia Power purchases and, under its market-based rate authority, sells electricity in the PJM wholesale market and to wholesale purchasers in Virginia and North Carolina. Dominion Energy s nonregulated generators sell electricity in the PJM, CAISO and ISO-NE wholesale markets, and to wholesale purchasers in the states of Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio, Connecticut, California and South Carolina, under Dominion Energy s market-based sales tariffs authorized by FERC or pursuant to FERC authority to sell as a qualified facility. DESC may make wholesale sales at market-based rates outside its balancing authority pursuant to its market-based sales tariff authorized by FERC. In addition, DESC has FERC approved tariffs to sell wholesale power at capped rates based on its embedded cost of generation. These cost-based sales tariffs could be used to sell to loads within or outside DESC s service territory. Any such sales are voluntary. FERC also regulates the issuance of certain securities by DESC. 
 In January 2021, Virginia Power notified PJM that it was electing to satisfy its capacity requirements by becoming a Fixed Resource Requirement Entity that self-supplies the capacity needed to serve load rather than satisfying this requirement by purchasing capacity in PJM s Reliability Pricing Model capacity market. This change became effective for the delivery year beginning June 2022. This decision does not affect day-to-day operations. 
 The Companies are subject to FERC s Standards of Conduct that govern conduct between transmission function employees of interstate gas and electricity transmission providers and the marketing function employees of their affiliates. The rule defines the 
 
 30 
 
 scope of transmission and marketing-related functions that are covered by the standards and is designed to prevent transmission providers from giving their affiliates undue preferences. 
 The Companies are also subject to FERC s affiliate restrictions that (1) prohibit power sales between nonregulated plants and utility plants without first receiving FERC authorization, (2) require the nonregulated and utility plants to conduct their wholesale power sales operations separately, and (3) prohibit utilities from sharing market information with nonregulated plant operating personnel. The rules are designed to prohibit utilities from giving the nonregulated plants a competitive advantage. 
 EPACT included provisions to create an Electric Reliability Organization, which is required to promulgate mandatory reliability standards governing the operation of the bulk power system in the U.S. FERC has certified NERC as the Electric Reliability Organization and also issued an initial order approving many reliability standards that went into effect in 2007. Entities that violate standards will be subject to fines of up to 1.5 million per day, per violation and can also be assessed non-monetary penalties, depending upon the nature and severity of the violation. 
 In April 2008, FERC granted an application for Virginia Power s electric transmission operations to establish a forward-looking formula rate mechanism that updates transmission rates on an annual basis and approved an ROE effective as of January 1, 2008. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected revenue requirement for each calendar year and is updated based on actual costs. The FERC-approved formula method, which is based on projected costs, allows Virginia Power to earn a current return on its growing investment in electric transmission infrastructure. 
 In October 2011, FERC issued an order approving the settlement of DESC s formula rate that updates transmission rates on an annual basis, including its ROE. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected revenue requirement for the calendar year and is updated annually based on actual costs. This FERC accepted formula rate enables DESC to earn a return on its investment in electric transmission infrastructure. 
 In February 2021, DESC and the other members of the SEEM submitted the Southeast Energy Exchange Market Agreement to FERC for authorization. This agreement sets forth the framework and rules for establishing and maintaining a new voluntary electronic trading platform designed to enhance the existing bilateral market in the Southeast utilizing zero-charge transmission service. That transmission service, in turn, will be voluntarily provided by participating transmission service providers, including DESC. In October 2021, the Southeast Energy Exchange Market Agreement became effective by operation of law as a result of a split FERC vote. The SEEM platform became operational in November 2022. 
 Nuclear Regulatory Commission 
 All aspects of the operation and maintenance of the Companies nuclear power stations are regulated by the NRC. Operating licenses issued by the NRC are subject to revocation, suspension or modification, and the operation of a nuclear unit may be suspended if the NRC determines that the public interest, health or safety so requires. 
 From time to time, the NRC adopts new requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear facilities. In many cases, these new regulations require changes in the design, operation and maintenance of existing nuclear facilities. If the NRC adopts such requirements in the future, it could result in substantial increases in the cost of operating and maintaining the Companies nuclear generating units. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The NRC also requires the Companies to decontaminate their nuclear facilities once operations cease. This process is referred to as decommissioning, and the Companies are required by the NRC to be financially prepared. For information on decommissioning trusts, see Dominion Energy Virginia-Nuclear Decommissioning , Dominion Energy South Carolina-Nuclear Decommissioning, and Contracted Assets-Nuclear Decommissioning above and Notes 3 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on spent nuclear fuel. 
 Cyber Regulations 
 The Companies plan and operate their facilities in compliance with approved government cyber regulatory requirements. The Companies employees participate on various regulatory committees, track the development and implementation of standards, and maintain proper compliance registration with NERC s regional organizations. The Companies anticipate incurring additional compliance expenditures over the next several years because of the implementation of new cybersecurity programs such as the Transportation Security Administration s gas sector cyber security directives. In addition, NERC continues to develop additional requirements specifically regarding supply chain standards and control centers that impact the bulk electric system. While the Companies expect to incur additional compliance costs in connection with NERC, Transportation Security Administration and other governmental agency regulations, such expenses are not expected to significantly affect results of operations. 
 
 31 
 
 Safety Regulations 
 Dominion Energy is also subject to federal and state pipeline safety laws and regulations which set forth numerous operation, maintenance and inspection and repair regulations designed to ensure the safety and integrity of Dominion Energy s pipeline and storage infrastructure. 
 The Companies are subject to a number of federal and state laws and regulations, including Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers. The Companies have an internal safety, health and security program designed to monitor and enforce compliance with worker safety requirements, which is routinely reviewed and considered for improvement. The Companies believe that they are in material compliance with all applicable laws and regulations related to worker health and safety. Notwithstanding these preventive measures, incidents may occur that are outside of the Companies control. 
 Environmental Regulations 
 Each of the Companies operating segments is subject to substantial laws, regulations and compliance costs with respect to environmental matters. In addition to imposing continuing compliance obligations, these laws and regulations authorize the imposition of significant penalties for noncompliance, including fines, injunctive relief and other sanctions. The cost of complying with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules is material to the Companies. If compliance expenditures and associated operating costs are not recoverable from customers through regulated rates (in regulated businesses) or market prices (in unregulated businesses), those costs could adversely affect future results of operations and cash flows. The Companies have applied for or obtained the necessary environmental permits for the construction and operation of their facilities. Many of these permits are subject to reissuance and continuing review. For a discussion of significant aspects of these matters, including current and planned capital expenditures relating to environmental compliance required to be discussed in this Item, see Environmental Matters in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A. Additional information can also be found in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Global Climate Change 
 The Companies support a federal climate change program that would provide a consistent, economy-wide approach to addressing this issue. Regardless of federal action, the Companies are reducing their GHG emissions while meeting the growing needs of their customers. In 2020, Virginia enacted the VCEA which addresses climate change matters such as the reduction of GHG emissions and renewable energy portfolio standards. Dominion Energy s CEO and executive operational leadership within each operating segment are responsible for compliance with the laws and regulations governing environmental matters, including GHG emissions, and Dominion Energy s Board of Directors receives periodic updates on these matters. See State Regulations Electric Electric Regulation in Virginia above, Environmental Strategy below , Environmental Matters in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A and Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on climate change legislation and regulation. 
 Air 
 The CAA is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation s air quality. Regulated emissions include, but are not limited to, carbon, methane, VOC, NO X , other GHGs, mercury, other toxic metals, hydrogen chloride, SO 2 and particulate matter. At a minimum, delegated states are required to establish regulatory programs to meet applicable requirements of the CAA. However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many of the Companies facilities are subject to the CAA s permitting and other requirements. 
 Water 
 The CWA is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. The CWA and analogous state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding discharges of effluent into surface waters and require permits to be obtained from the EPA or the analogous state agency for those discharges. Containment berms and similar structures may be required to help prevent accidental releases. The Companies must comply with applicable CWA requirements at their current and former operating facilities. Stormwater related to construction activities is also regulated under the CWA and by state and local stormwater management and erosion and sediment control laws. From time to time, the Companies' projects and operations may impact tidal and non-tidal wetlands. In these instances, the Companies must obtain authorization from the appropriate federal, state and local agencies prior to impacting wetlands. The authorizing agency may impose significant direct or indirect mitigation costs to compensate for such impacts to wetlands. 
 Waste and Chemical Management 
 Dominion Energy is subject to various federal and state laws and implementing regulations governing the management, storage, treatment, reuse and disposal of waste materials and hazardous substances, including the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, CERCLA, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 and the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976. 
 
 32 
 
 Dominion Energy s operations and construction activities, including activities associated with oil and gas production and gas storage wells, generate waste. Across Dominion Energy, completion water is disposed at commercial disposal facilities. Produced water is either hauled for disposal, evaporated or injected into company and third-party owned underground injection wells. Wells drilled in tight-gas-sand and shale reservoirs require hydraulic-fracture stimulation to achieve economic production rates and recoverable reserves. The majority of Wexpro s current and future production and reserve potential is derived from reservoirs that require hydraulic-fracture stimulation to be commercially viable. Currently, all well construction activities, including hydraulic-fracture stimulation and management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids, are regulated by federal and state agencies that review and approve all aspects of gas- and oil-well design and operation. 
 Protected Species 
 The ESA and analogous state laws prohibit activities that can result in harm to specific species of plants and animals, as well as impacts to the habitat on which those species depend. In addition to ESA programs, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act establish broader prohibitions on harm to protected birds. Many of the Companies facilities are subject to requirements of the ESA, Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act. The ESA and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act require potentially lengthy coordination with the state and federal agencies to ensure potentially affected species are protected. Ultimately, the suite of species protections may restrict company activities to certain times of year, project modifications may be necessary to avoid harm, or a permit may be needed for unavoidable taking of the species. The authorizing agency may impose mitigation requirements and costs to compensate for harm of a protected species or habitat loss. These requirements and time of year restrictions can result in adverse impacts on project plans and schedules such that the Companies businesses may be materially affected. 
 Other Regulations 
 Other significant environmental regulations to which the Companies are subject include federal and state laws protecting graves, sacred sites, historic sites and cultural resources, including those of American Indian tribal nations and tribal communities. These can result in compliance and mitigation costs as well as potential adverse effects on project plans and schedules such that the Companies businesses may be materially affected. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL STRATEGY 
 Dominion Energy is committed to a safe, sustainable, reliable and affordable energy future. In February 2020, Dominion Energy set a goal to achieve net zero carbon and methane Scope 1 emissions by 2050. In February 2022, Dominion Energy expanded this commitment to cover Scope 2 emissions and material categories of Scope 3 emissions: electricity purchased to power the grid, fuel purchased for its power stations and gas distribution systems and consumption of sales gas by natural gas customers. As part of the net zero commitment, Dominion Energy has specifically committed to interim targets to cut Scope 1 carbon emissions from its electric operations by 55 by 2030, relative to 2005 emissions, and cut Scope 1 methane emissions from its natural gas infrastructure operations by 65 by 2030 and by 80 by 2040, in each case relative to 2010 emissions. As previously announced, Dominion Energy s commitment is highlighted by its up to 73 billion potential capital investment in projects supporting decarbonization efforts from 2022 to 2035. While the completion of the comprehensive business review discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A could result in a material adjustment to Dominion Energy s capital expenditure plans, Dominion Energy has announced its commitment to an industry-leading regulated investment opportunity focused on decarbonization. Dominion Energy s future capital expenditure plan is expected to reflect a decreased investment in new nonregulated solar generation facilities. 
 
 To meet its customers needs for safe, reliable, and affordable energy and to reach net zero emissions, in the near term Dominion Energy is seeking extension of the licenses of its zero-carbon nuclear fleet at North Anna similar to the license extension received for Surry, rapidly expanding wind and solar generation as well as energy storage, investing in carbon-beneficial renewable natural gas, expanding its industry-leading methane emissions-reduction programs including pursuing innovative uses of clean burning hydrogen and using low-carbon natural gas to support the integration of wind and solar generation facilities as well as energy storage facilities into the grid and requesting offers for responsibly sourced gas or from those suppliers who are committed to net zero. The strategy to meet these objectives consists of three major elements which will significantly reduce GHG emissions: 
 Clean energy diversity; 

Innovation and energy infrastructure modernization; and 

Conservation and energy efficiency. 

Over the long term, Dominion Energy s ability to meet its customers needs for safe, reliable and affordable energy and achieve net zero emissions will require supportive legislative and regulatory policies, advancements in technology and broader investments across the economy. Dominion Energy will pursue solutions, including pilot programs, of technologies such as large-scale battery storage, carbon capture and storage, small modular reactors and hydrogen if and when they become technologically and economically feasible. 
 
 33 
 
 Environmental Justice 
 Dominion Energy seeks to build partnerships and engage with local communities, stakeholders and customers on environmental issues important to them, including environmental justice considerations such as fair treatment, inclusive involvement and effective communication. Dominion Energy commits to inclusiveness during its stakeholder engagement on decisions regarding the siting and operation of energy infrastructure and strives to include all people and communities, regardless of race, color, national origin or income to ensure a diversity of views are considered in its public engagement process. 
 Transparency 
 As part of its broader commitment to transparency, Dominion Energy increased its disclosures around carbon and methane emissions. Dominion Energy discloses its environmental commitments, policies and initiatives in a Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Report as well as a Climate Report in addition to other reports included on Dominion Energy s dedicated Environmental, Social and Governance website. 
 Clean Energy Diversity 
 To achieve its net zero commitment, Dominion Energy is pursuing a diverse mix of cleaner, more efficient and lower-emitting methods of generating and delivering energy, while advancing measures to continue dramatically reducing emissions from traditional generation and delivery. Diversifying the energy portfolio enables Dominion Energy to provide customers with cleaner options while protecting the power supply from potential disruption. 
 
 Over the past two decades, Dominion Energy has changed the fuel mix it uses to generate electricity, as well as improved the systems that make up its natural gas operations, to achieve a cleaner future. In addition to reducing GHG emissions, Dominion Energy s environmental strategy has also resulted in measurable reductions of other air pollutants such as NO X , SO 2 and mercury and reduced the amount of coal ash generated and the amount of water withdrawn. Dominion Energy achieved GHG and other air pollutant reductions by implementing an integrated environmental strategy that addresses electric energy production and delivery and energy management. As part of this strategy, Dominion Energy has retired, or committed to retire, several of its fossil fuel electric generating facilities, including those powered by coal, oil and gas with the replacement of this capacity coming from the development of renewable energy facilities. 
 
 Renewable energy is an important component of a diverse energy mix designed to meet Dominion Energy s customers needs for safe, reliable and affordable energy. Dominion Energy previously announced it expects to invest up to 21 billion from 2022 through 2035 in solar generation to achieve its target of 13.4 GW generating capacity in-service by the end of 2035. While an updated investment plan is dependent upon completion of the comprehensive business review discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A, it is expected to reflect a decreased investment in new nonregulated solar generation facilities. As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had 2.4 GW of solar generation capacity in operation across five states and several projects under various stages of development which represented a potential generating capacity of approximately 7.8 GW. In addition, Dominion Energy previously announced it expects to invest up to 21 billion from 2022 through 2035 in offshore wind generation facilities. Dominion Energy has commenced development of the CVOW Commercial Project, expected to be placed in service by the end of 2026, along with the CVOW Pilot Project which achieved commercial operation in January 2021. To support these renewable generation facilities, Dominion Energy previously announced it expects to invest up to 4 billion in energy storage facilities from 2022 through 2035. As of December 31, 2022, Virginia Power had projects under various stages of development which represented a potential storage capacity of approximately 1.2 GW. 
 
 Preservation of Dominion Energy s existing carbon-free baseload nuclear generation is also an important component of Dominion Energy s GHG emissions reduction strategy. Dominion Energy previously announced it expects to invest from 2022 through 2035 approximately 4 billion supporting 20-year life extensions of its units at Surry and North Anna. Virginia Power has received a 20-year extension of the operating licenses for its two units at Surry and has commenced the process to extend the operating licenses for its two units at North Anna. 
 
 Dominion Energy is pursuing renewable natural gas through its investment in Align RNG, which is developing projects to capture and convert methane emissions from swine farms, and its strategic alliance with Vanguard Renewables in collaboration with the Dairy Farmers of America to develop projects to capture and convert methane emissions from dairy farms across the U.S. Dominion Energy previously announced it expects to invest approximately 2 billion in renewable natural gas facilities from 2022 through 2035. 
 
 See Operating Segments and Item 2. Properties for additional information. 
 
 The IRA provides many incentives designed to encourage production of clean energy, reduce carbon emissions, and promote domestic manufacturing. The IRA significantly extends the investment and production tax credits for renewable technologies including wind and solar, and expands the qualifying technologies to include stand-alone storage, hydrogen, renewable natural gas, nuclear and, after 
 
 34 
 
 2024, other zero-emissions facilities. The IRA supersedes certain prior renewable energy legislation and contains a two-tiered credit system applicable to both the production and investment tax credits with a lower base credit amount that can be increased up to five times if the taxpayer can satisfy certain labor requirements. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD A for additional information on the IRA. 
 
 Innovation and Energy Infrastructure Modernization 
 One of the pillars of Dominion Energy s net zero strategy is a focus on innovation as way to advance technology and sustainability. This includes investing in and building upon previously proven technology, including large-scale battery storage, hydrogen, advanced nuclear technology and carbon capture technology. Further, Dominion Energy s previously announced growth capital plan from 2022 through 2026 includes a focus on upgrading the electric system in Virginia through investments in additional renewable generation facilities, smart meters, customer information platform, intelligent grid devices and associated control systems, physical and cyber security investments, strategic undergrounding and energy conservation programs. Dominion Energy also plans to upgrade its gas and electric transmission and distribution networks and meet environmental requirements and standards set by various regulatory bodies. These enhancements are aimed at meeting Dominion Energy s continued goal of providing safe, reliable service while addressing increasing electricity consumption, making Dominion Energy s system more responsive to its customers desire to more efficiently manage their energy consumption and transforming its grid to be more adaptive to renewable generation resources and battery technologies. 
 
 Dominion Energy has also implemented infrastructure improvements and improved operational practices to reduce the GHG emissions for its natural gas facilities. Dominion Energy is also pursuing the construction or upgrade of regulated infrastructure in its natural gas businesses. Dominion Energy has made voluntary commitments as part of the EPA s Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program to continue to reduce methane emissions as part of these improvements. Dominion Energy is also a member of the EPA s voluntary Natural Gas STAR Program. In addition, Dominion Energy is a member of the One Future Coalition, an industry group with members pledging to limit methane emissions to below 1 of gas throughput across the entire natural gas value chain. 
 
 See Operating Segments for additional information. 
 Conservation and Energy Efficiency 
 Conservation and load management play a significant role in meeting the growing demand for electricity and natural gas, while also helping to reduce the environmental footprint of Dominion Energy s customers and lower their bills. Dominion Energy offers various efficiency programs designed to reduce energy consumption in Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Utah and Wyoming, including programs such as: 
 Energy audits and assessments; 

Incentives for customers to upgrade or install certain energy efficient measures and/or systems; 

Weatherization assistance to help income-eligible customers reduce their energy usage; 

Home energy planning, which provides homeowners with a step-by-step roadmap to efficiency improvements to reduce gas usage; and 

Rebates for installing high-efficiency equipment and qualified electric vehicle chargers. 

GHG Emissions 
 Dominion Energy continues to make progress on achieving its net zero emissions commitment. Through 2021, Dominion Energy has reduced direct Scope 1 CO 2 equivalent carbon and methane emissions from its electric generation and natural gas operations by 44 . Through 2021, Dominion Energy has reduced carbon emissions from electric generation by 46 since 2005 and reduced methane emissions from its natural gas infrastructure operations by 38 since 2010. For the purposes of these calculations and consistent with GHG protocol requirements for reporting GHG emission reductions over time, both the baseline and 2021 emissions data excludes the operations sold as part of the Q-Pipe Group and Hope. 
 
 Dominion Energy s 2022 emissions data is not yet available. 
 Corporate GHG Inventory 
 Dominion Energy maintains a comprehensive Corporate GHG Inventory, which follows methodologies specified in the EPA s Mandatory GHG Reporting Rule, 40 Code of Federal Regulations Part 98 for calculating emissions, as well as approved industry protocols. In its annual Corporate GHG Inventory, Dominion Energy voluntarily includes carbon and methane emission estimates 
 
 35 
 
 from smaller sources that are not required to be included under the EPA s mandatory GHG Reporting Program, including smaller electric generation, natural gas compressor stations and other sources. Dominion Energy s Corporate GHG Inventory also includes emissions sources it voluntarily reports to various programs in which it participates. As a result, Dominion Energy s reported methane emissions in its Corporate GHG Inventory are higher than what is reported to the EPA. Dominion Energy includes emissions data in its Corporate GHG Inventory based on its ownership percentage of the associated assets and for the period in which the operations are owned by Dominion Energy. 
 
 Total direct Scope 1 CO 2 equivalent emissions reported under Dominion Energy s Corporate GHG Inventory were 34.9 million metric tons in 2021. Reported CO 2 equivalent emissions include CO 2 , CH 4 , N 2 O and SF 6 emissions from Dominion Energy s electric generation operations, electric transmission and distribution operations and natural gas operations. Consistent with its ownership percentage, Dominion Energy s 2021 emissions data reported under its Corporate GHG Inventory includes emissions from the Q-Pipe Group (through December 2021) as well as the entire year of operations for Hope. 
 
 For Dominion Energy s electric generation operations, total CO 2 equivalent emissions were 31.7 million metric tons in 2021, including 9.5 million metric tons from DESC and 22.2 million metric tons from Virginia Power. 

For Dominion Energy s electric transmission and distribution operations, direct CO 2 equivalent emissions were 0.04 million metric tons in 2021. 

For Dominion Energy s natural gas assets, total CO 2 equivalent emissions were 2.7 million metric tons in 2021, including 0.5 million metric tons associated with the Q-Pipe Group and Hope. 

For Dominion Energy s proportional interest in Cove Point s operations, total CO 2 equivalent emissions were 0.6 million metric tons in 2021. 

EPA Mandatory GHG Reporting Program 
 Dominion Energy has been reporting GHG emissions, including carbon, methane, N 2 O and SF 6 , from its natural gas infrastructure, electric generation and power delivery operations to the EPA since 2011 under the EPA mandatory GHG Reporting Program. The EPA s mandatory GHG Reporting Program requires annual reporting based on full equity asset ownership at the end of the calendar year. Dominion Energy s 2021 GHG emissions reported under various subparts of the EPA s Mandatory GHG Reporting Program as of December 31, 2021, which include the operations of Hope, are as follows: 
 Natural Gas Operations 2021 Emissions 

Segment 
 
 Subpart W CH 4 Emissions 

Subpart C CH 4 Emissions 

Subparts W C CH 4 Emissions 

Subparts W C CO 2 Emissions 

Subparts W C N 2 O Emissions 

Subparts W C as CO 2 Equivalent Emissions 

(metric tons) 

Distribution 

33,482 

33,482 

2,168 

839,208 

Production (1) 

13,731 

13,731 

10,028 

0.02 

353,311 

Transmission pipelines (1) 

573 

573 

17 

14,340 

Transmission compressor stations (1) 

636 

4.7 

641 

249,628 

0.47 

265,788 

Gathering and boosting 

3,555 

3,555 

79,542 

0.16 

168,472 

Storage (1) 

422 

1.5 

423 

79,128 

0.15 

89,749 

LNG storage 

172 

172 

630 

4,940 

Total (2)(3) 

52,571 

6.2 

52,577 

421,141 

0.80 

1,735,808 

(1) Includes the operations of the Q-Pipe Group at 100 ownership as required by the EPA. 

(2) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 

(3) Excludes amounts related to Cove Point. 

36 
 
 Electric Generation Operations 2021 Emissions 

Company 
 
 Subparts C D CO 2 Emissions 

Subparts C D CH 4 Emissions 

Subparts C D N 2 O Emissions 

Subparts C D CH 4 Emissions as CO 2 Equivalent Emissions 

Subparts C D N 2 O Emissions as CO 2 Equivalent Emissions 

Subparts C D as CO 2 Equivalent Emissions 

(metric tons) 

Virginia Power (1) 

22,426,491 

1,258 

175 

31,447 

52,031 

22,509,968 

DESC 

9,429,039 

601 

83 

15,030 

24,815 

9,468,883 

Total (2) 

31,855,530 

1,859 

258 

46,476 

76,845 

31,978,852 

(1) Virginia Power totals include biomass, which were not included in the Corporate GHG inventory. 

(2) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 

Electric Transmission and Distribution Operations 2021 Emissions 

Company 
 
 Subpart DD SF 6 Emissions 

Subpart DD SF 6 as CO 2 Equivalent Emissions 

(metric tons) 

Virginia Power 

0.85 

19,332 

DESC 

0.96 

21,910 

Total (1) 

1.81 

41,242 

(1) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND MONITORING EXPENDITURES 
 Dominion Energy incurred 251 million, 221 million and 238 million of expenses (including accretion and depreciation) during 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities. Dominion Energy expects these expenses to be approximately 254 million and 235 million in 2023 and 2024, respectively. In addition, capital expenditures related to environmental controls were 91 million, 37 million, and 58 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Dominion Energy expects these expenditures to be approximately 153 million and 173 million for 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

37 
 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors 
 The Companies businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD A. As discussed in Future Issues in Item 7. MD A, Dominion Energy has commenced a comprehensive business review. The outcomes of the business review and the implementation of the resulting recommendations may be subject to various risks and uncertainties (some of which may include the risks and uncertainties discussed below or other risks and uncertainties that cannot yet be determined) that could have a material impact on the Companies future results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. 
 Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks 
 
 The rates of the Companies principal electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and gas distribution operations are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by the Companies electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and by gas distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of the Companies businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 
 
 At the federal level, the Companies wholesale rates for electric transmission service are regulated by FERC. Rates for electric transmission services are updated annually according to a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism, and may be subject to additional prospective adjustments and retroactive corrections. A failure by the Companies to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect the Companies results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 At the state level, Virginia Power s retail base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power s actual earned ROE during a historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power s authorized ROE prospectively. The GTSA reinstated triennial reviews commencing with the 2021 Triennial Review. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to refund a portion of its earnings to customers through a refund process and to reduce its rates. Additionally, Virginia Power s ability to utilize CCROs for certain qualifying projects as provided for in the GTSA may be limited if the Virginia Commission does not approve such projects. Virginia Power makes assessments throughout the review period and will record a regulatory liability for refunds and/or CCRO benefits to customers in any period it is determined probable, which could be material to the Companies results of operations in the period recognized and to cash flows on completion of any triennial review. Several proposed legislative bills have been introduced in the Virginia General Assembly which, if ultimately enacted into law, could have a material impact on Virginia Power s retail base rates and other cost-recovery mechanisms. Items under consideration include frequency of base rate reviews, eliminating CCROs, shifting the recovery of certain costs currently recovered through riders into base rates and adjusting the parameters for determining an acceptable ROE and revenue sharing. 
 
 In states other than Virginia, the Companies retail electric base rates for generation and distribution services to customers are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to the statutes, rules and procedures of such states. Dominion Energy s rates for gas distribution to retail customers are similarly regulated at the state level. If retail electric or gas earnings exceed the returns established by state utility commissions, retail electric rates or gas rates may be subject to review and possible reduction, which may decrease the Companies future earnings. Additionally, if any state utility commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, the Company s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, state utility regulators may impose a moratorium on increases to retail base rates for a specified period of time, which could delay recovery of costs incurred in providing service. Additionally, governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may challenge any of the regulatory reviews or proceedings referred to above. Such challenges may lengthen the time, complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews or proceedings. 
 
 The Companies generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. The Companies generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon FERC s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews the Companies authority to sell at market-based rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, the Companies authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of the Companies generation business. For example, in September 2021, FERC issued a final order that allows distributed energy resource aggregators to compete in regional wholesale 
 
 38 
 
 electric markets. This rule followed a previous order which mandated that distributed energy resources be allowed to participate in wholesale markets. RTOs, including PJM, are responsible for issuing implementation rules to FERC for approval. In addition, changes to the interpretation and application of FERC s market manipulation rules may occur from time to time. A failure to comply with these market manipulation rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 The Companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties. The Companies operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of our critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. The Companies are also subject to legislation and associated regulation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The Companies businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if either of the Companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense. Recent legislative and regulatory changes that are impacting the Companies include the IRA, the VCEA, the 2017 Tax Reform Act and tariffs imposed on imported solar panels by the U.S. government in 2018. 
 
 The Companies have been and may continue to be or become subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations and examinations. The Companies may from time to time be subject to various legal proceedings and governmental investigations and examinations. For example, Dominion Energy, following the SCANA Combination, has been subject to numerous federal and state legal proceedings and governmental investigations relating to the decision of SCANA and DESC to abandon construction at the NND Project. Dominion Energy has spent substantial amounts of time and money defending these lawsuits and proceedings and on related investigations. In addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards in certain cases, including personal injury claims. Accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable, in whole or in part, by insurance or in rates from our customers. The outcome of these or future legal proceedings, investigations and examinations, including settlements, may adversely affect the Companies financial condition or results of operation. 
 Environmental Risks 
 
 Compliance with federal and/or state requirements imposing limitations on GHG emissions or efficiency improvements, as well as Dominion Energy s commitment to achieve net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050, may result in significant compliance costs, could result in certain of the Companies existing electric generation units being uneconomical to maintain or operate and may depend upon technological advancements which may be beyond the Companies control. Virginia has adopted the VCEA which establishes renewable energy and CO 2 reduction targets for Virginia Power s generation fleet and grid operations, including the requirement that 100 of Virginia Power s electricity come from zero-carbon generation by the end of 2045. The legislation mandates the development of 16.1 GW of solar or onshore wind capacity by the end of 2035, which includes specific requirements for utility-scale solar of 3.0 GW by the end of 2024, up to 15.0 GW by the end of 2035 and 1.1 GW of small-scale solar by the end of 2035. The legislation also deems 5.2 GW of offshore wind capacity before 2035 and 2.7 GW of energy storage by the end of 2035 to be in the public interest. The VCEA and related legislation also authorizes Virginia to participate in a program consistent with RGGI, requiring the purchase of carbon credits to offset emissions from Virginia Power s generating fleet within the state. In January 2022, the Governor of Virginia issued an executive order which puts directives in place to start the withdrawal of Virginia from RGGI. Cost recovery for these initiatives will require approval by the Virginia Commission which may be denied or materially altered to the detriment of the Companies. For example, the Companies recorded charges in 2022 associated with the Virginia Commission's approval in June 2022 of Virginia Power's petition that RGGI compliance costs incurred and unrecovered through July 2022 be recovered through existing base rates in effect during the period incurred. In addition, permitting and other project execution challenges may hinder Virginia Power s ability to meet the requirements of the VCEA. The Companies could face similar risks if there is further legislation at the federal and/or state level mandating additional limitations on GHG emissions or requiring additional efficiency improvements. 
 
 In February 2020, Dominion Energy announced its commitment to achieve net zero carbon and methane Scope 1 emissions by 2050. In February 2022, Dominion Energy expanded this commitment to cover Scope 2 emissions and material categories of Scope 3 emissions. To meet this commitment, the Companies expect to construct new electric generation facilities, including renewable facilities such as wind and solar, and to seek the extension of operating licenses for the Companies nuclear generation facilities. The Companies also need to depend on technological improvements not currently in commercial development. Additionally, actions taken in furtherance of Dominion Energy s net zero commitment may impact existing generation facilities, including as a result of fuel switching and/or the retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and their potential replacement with lower-emitting generation facilities. Further, the ability to realize this commitment will require the Companies to be able to obtain significant financing. These 
 
 39 
 
 efforts will require approvals from various regulatory bodies for the siting and construction of such new facilities and a determination by the applicable state commissions that costs related to the construction are prudent. Given these and other uncertainties associated with the implementation of Dominion Energy s net zero commitment, the Companies cannot estimate the aggregate effect of future actions taken in furtherance of this commitment on their results of operations or financial condition or on their customers. However, such actions could render additional existing generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 
 
 There are also potential impacts on Dominion Energy s natural gas business from its net zero emissions commitment as well as federal or state GHG regulations which may require further GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products, which could impact the natural gas business. Dominion Energy s renewable natural gas projects, expected to be a key component of Dominion Energy s environmental strategy, require approvals from various regulatory bodies for the siting and construction of such facilities. 
 
 The Companies operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs on the Companies. The Companies operations and construction activities are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the Companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. Certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future. 
 
 We expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted including regulation of GHG emissions which could have an impact on the Companies business (risks relating to regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed in more detail above and below). In addition, further regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the CAA may be imposed on the natural gas sector. The Companies are also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations, management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. 
 
 Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 
 
 The Companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The Companies historically produced and continue to produce coal ash, or CCRs, as a by-product of their coal-fired generation operations. The ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at 11 different facilities, eight of which are at Virginia Power. 
 
 The EPA has issued regulations concerning the management and storage of CCRs, which Virginia has adopted. These CCR regulations require the Companies to make additional capital expenditures and increase operating and maintenance expenses. In addition, the Companies will incur expenses and other costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds and landfills. The Companies also may face litigation concerning their coal ash facilities. 
 
 Further, while the Companies operate their ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of the Companies. 
 
 Construction Risks 
 
 The Companies infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. The Companies may not complete the facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms, costs or timing than initially estimated or anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. A number of large and small scale projects have been announced, including electric 
 
 40 
 
 transmission lines, pipeline replacements, facility expansions or renewed licensing, conversions and other infrastructure developments or construction. Additional projects may be considered in the future. The Companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. Commencing construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs which may be material to the Companies. Projects may not be able to be completed on time or in accordance with our estimated costs as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory and other, including PJM, approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, concerns raised during stakeholder engagement, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, inflation, or other factors beyond the Companies control. For example, Dominion Energy has been involved with projects which have experienced certain delays in obtaining and maintaining permits necessary for construction along with construction delays due to judicial actions which impacted the cost and schedule such as the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project and ultimately led to its cancellation in July 2020. Even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the Companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. 
 
 Start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, the Companies may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects. 
 
 The development and construction of the CVOW Commercial Project involves significant risks. The CVOW Commercial Project is a large-scale, complex project that will take several years to complete. Significant delays or cost increases, or an inability to recover certain project costs, could have an adverse effect on the Companies financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If the Companies are unable to complete the development and construction of the CVOW Commercial Project or decide in the future to delay or cancel the project, the Companies may not be able to recover all or a portion of their investment in the project and may incur substantial cancellation payments under existing contracts or other substantial costs associated with any such delay or cancellation. The Companies ability to complete the CVOW Commercial Project within the currently proposed timeline, or at all, and consistent with current cost estimates is subject to various risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the Companies control. 
 
 The development and construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is dependent on the Companies ability to obtain and maintain various local, state and federal permits and other regulatory approvals, including Virginia Commission approval for rider recovery of project costs. In addition, the design and route of the project s onshore electric transmission, network upgrades and other facilities remain subject to regulatory and PJM review and approval. Changes in the design and route of these onshore facilities, including an increase in amount of undergrounding, would likely increase project costs. Also, the CVOW Commercial Project may become the subject of litigation or other forms of intervention by third parties, including stakeholders or advocacy groups, that may impact the timing and receipt of permits or other regulatory approvals or otherwise delay or increase the cost of the project. The Companies ability to recover unforeseen cost increases associated with construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is potentially limited which could negatively impact the Companies future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. In accordance with the Virginia Commission s order in December 2022, the Companies are subject to a cost sharing mechanism in which Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50 of such incremental costs which fall between 10.3 billion and 11.3 billion with no recovery of such incremental costs which fall between 11.3 billion and 13.7 billion. There is no cost sharing mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of 13.7 billion, the recovery of which would be determined in a future Virginia Commission preceding. In addition, the order includes enhanced performance reporting provisions for the operation of the CVOW Commercial Project. To the extent the net annual net capacity factor is below 42 , as determined on a three-year rolling average, Virginia Power is required to provide detailed explanation of the factors contributing to any shortfall to the Virginia Commission which could determine in a future proceeding a remedy for incremental costs incurred associated with any deemed unreasonable or imprudent actions of Virginia Power. Any such action by the Virginia Commission could adversely impact the Companies future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 
 The Companies ability to invest the significant financial resources necessary for the CVOW Commercial Project is dependent on the Companies access to the financial markets in a timely and cost-effective manner. A decline in the Companies credit worthiness, an unfavorable market reputation of either the Companies or their industry or general market disruptions could adversely impact financing costs and increase the overall cost of the project. 
 
 The development and construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is also dependent on the ability of certain key suppliers and contractors to timely satisfy their obligations under contracts entered into or expected to be entered into. Given the unique equipment and expertise required for this project, the Companies may not be able to remedy in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, any 
 
 41 
 
 failure by one or more of these suppliers or contractors to timely satisfy their contractual obligations. Certain of the fixed price contracts for major offshore construction and equipment components are denominated in Euros and Danish kroner, including those which contain commodity indexing provisions linked to steel. In May 2022, Virginia Power entered into forward purchase agreements with a notional amount of approximately 3.2 billion. Accordingly, to the extent the instruments do not effectively hedge the Companies exposure to these currencies, including by default of the counterparty, adverse fluctuations in the applicable exchange rates would likely adversely affect the cost of the CVOW Commercial Project. Similarly, adverse fluctuations in the price of certain raw materials, including steel, would likely, to the extent not hedged by the Companies, adversely affect the overall costs incurred to develop and construct the project. 
 
 The development and construction of the CVOW Commercial Project involves the use of new turbine technology and will take place in a marine environment, which presents unique challenges and will require the use of a specialized workforce and specialized equipment. In addition, the timely installation of the turbines is dependent on the completion and availability of a Jones Act compliant vessel currently under construction. 
 
 The timeline for development and construction of the CVOW Commercial Project may also be negatively impacted by severe weather events or marine wildlife, including migration patterns of endangered and protected species, both of which are outside of the control of the Companies and their contractors. Any significant delays in the project timeline, including from any of the factors discussed above, resulting in both the delay of commencement of construction to 2024 or later combined with a delay to the in-service date to 2028 or later may impact the ability of the Companies to recover the costs of the CVOW Commercial Project. 
 
 The development, construction and commissioning of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. To achieve Dominion Energy s commitment to net zero emissions by 2050 and comply with the requirements of the VCEA, the Companies are currently simultaneously developing or constructing several electric generation projects, including subsequent license renewal projects at Surry and North Anna, the CVOW Commercial Project and various solar projects. Several of the Companies key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic areas or in unfamiliar environments such as the marine environment for the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind projects. The advancement of the Companies ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. For example, certain stakeholder groups oppose solar farms due to the increasing quantities of land tracts required for these facilities. Given that these projects provide the foundation for the Companies strategic growth plan, if the Companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required regulatory and other, including PJM, approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, including its commitment to environmental justice, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the Companies financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect the Companies ability to execute their business plan. 
 
 The Companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area or difficult environments and could be subject to delays, supply chain disruption, cost overruns, inflation, labor disputes or shortages and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the Companies financial performance and/or impair the Companies ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled. 
 
 Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms, including any potential adverse conditions arising from or in connection with the comprehensive business review announced in November 2022, could negatively affect the Companies financial condition, cash flows, the projects anticipated financial results and/or impair the Companies ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 The Companies financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the Companies services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas distribution services. In addition, severe weather or acts of nature, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of the Companies facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies power stations. Furthermore, the Companies operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. Due to the location of the Companies electric utility service territories and a number of its other facilities in the eastern portions of the states of South Carolina, North Carolina and 
 
 42 
 
 Virginia which are frequently in the path of hurricanes, we experience the consequences of these weather events to a greater degree than many of our industry peers. 
 
 Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Companies operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. Further, the computer systems that run the Companies facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the Companies computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example, malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, the Companies businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. 
 
 A successful cyber attack through third-party or insider action on the systems that control the Companies electric generation, electric transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data at the Companies or one of their vendors could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. If a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of the Companies also could be adversely affected. While the Companies maintain property and casualty insurance, along with other contractual provisions, that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents, all damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the Companies business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Companies operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the Companies. Operation of the Companies facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, changes to the environment and performance below expected levels. The Companies businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Because the Companies transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 
 
 Operation of the Companies facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the Companies business. Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. 
 
 In addition, there are many risks associated with the Companies principal operations and the transportation and storage of natural gas including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the location of natural gas pipelines and associated distribution facilities, or electric generation, transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. 
 
 The Companies financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. Likewise, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering actions 
 
 43 
 
 which could limit the use or installation of new natural gas appliances. Consumer demand for our services may also be impacted by any price increases, including those driven by factors beyond our control such as inflation or increased prices in natural gas. Further, Virginia Power s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines, battery storage and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use the Companies services. The widescale implementation of alternative generation methods could negatively impact the reliability of the Companies electric grid and/or result in significant costs to enhance the grid. Virginia Power has an exclusive franchise to serve retail electric customers in Virginia. However, Virginia s Retail Access Statutes allow certain electric generation customers exceptions to this franchise. As market conditions change, Virginia Power s customers may further pursue exceptions and Virginia Power s exclusive franchise may erode. 
 
 Reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies business activities. 
 
 The Companies may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity or the inability of Dominion Energy to meet its stated commitments. From time to time, political and public sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting the Companies. Any failure by Dominion Energy to realize its commitments to achieve net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050, increase workforce diversity, enhance the customer experience or other long-term goals could lead to adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting the Companies. The ability to comply with some or all of Dominion Energy s voluntary commitments may be outside of its control. For example, Dominion Energy is dependent on the actions of third parties to meet the expanded commitment regarding Scope 2 emissions and Scope 3 emissions. If downstream customers or upstream suppliers do not sufficiently reduce their GHG emissions, Dominion Energy may not achieve its net zero emissions goal. In addition, while the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project was cancelled in July 2020 and several of the legal proceedings and governmental investigations relating to the abandonment of the NND Project have been resolved, there is a risk that lingering negative publicity may continue. Adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims as well as adverse outcomes. 
 
 Addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of the Companies, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with their respective regulators, customers and commercial counterparties. It may also have a negative impact on the Companies ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on the Companies business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Dominion Energy s nonregulated generation business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future growth. The success of Dominion Energy s contracted generation business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion Energy operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and nuclear fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion Energy attempts to manage its price risk by entering into long-term power purchase agreements with customers as well as hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. The failure of Dominion Energy to maintain, renew or replace its existing long-term contracts on similar terms or with counterparties with similar credit profiles could result in a loss of revenue and/or decreased earnings and cash flows for Dominion Energy. 
 
 In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion Energy does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results. 
 
 Dominion Energy purchases nuclear fuel primarily under long-term contracts. Dominion Energy is exposed to nuclear fuel cost volatility for the portion of its nuclear fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. Nuclear fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced may not change at the same rate as nuclear fuel costs, thus adversely impacting Dominion Energy s financial results. In addition, in the event that any of the contracted generation facilities experience a forced outage, Dominion Energy may not receive the level of revenue it anticipated. 
 
 Dominion Energy conducts certain operations through partnership arrangements involving third-party investors which may limit Dominion Energy s operational flexibility or result in an adverse impact on its financial results. Certain of Dominion 
 
 44 
 
 Energy s operations are conducted through entities subject to partnership arrangements under which Dominion Energy has significant influence but does not control the operations of such entities or in which Dominion Energy s control over such entities may be subject to certain rights of third-party investors. Accordingly, while Dominion Energy may have a certain level of control or influence over these entities, it may not have unilateral, or any, control over the day-to-day operations of these entities or over decisions that may have a material financial impact on the partnership participants, including Dominion Energy. In each case such partnership arrangements operate in accordance with their respective governance documents, and Dominion Energy is dependent upon third parties satisfying their respective obligations, including, as applicable, funding of their required share of capital expenditures. Such third-party investors have their own interests and objectives which may differ from those of Dominion Energy and, accordingly, disputes may arise amongst the owners of such partnership arrangements that may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses. 
 
 For example, Dominion Energy has a noncontrolling 50 interest in Cove Point following the sale of a 25 controlling interest to BHE in November 2020. This controlling interest allows BHE to make decisions affecting Cove Point s ability to retain its long-term contracts. Cove Point is a party to certain contracts that allow a regulated service provider and a customer to mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a negotiated rate which may be above or below the FERC regulated, cost-based recourse rate for that service. These negotiated rate contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased costs which could be produced by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services. Any shortfall of revenue as a result of these negotiated rate contracts could decrease Cove Point s earnings and cash flows. The inability to maintain or renew such contracts on favorable terms may have a material impact to Dominion Energy s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Dominion Energy is also dependent upon BHE for managing counterparty credit risk relating to Cove Point s terminal services agreements for its liquefied natural gas export/liquefaction facility. While the counterparties obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. In addition, if a controversy arises under either terminal services agreement resulting in a judgment in Cove Point s favor, Cove Point may need to seek to enforce a final U.S. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process. Accordingly, there is no assurance that BHE may pursue remedies in the event of default in the same manner as Dominion Energy would if it had unilateral control over such decisions. 
 
 War, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other significant events could adversely affect the Companies operations. The Companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks or retaliatory military or other action may have on the energy industry in general or on the Companies businesses in particular. Any such future attacks or retaliatory action may adversely affect the Companies operations in a variety of ways, including by disrupting the power, fuel and other markets in which the Companies operate or requiring the implementation of additional, more costly security guidelines and measures. The Companies infrastructure facilities, including nuclear facilities and projects under construction, could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror or other physical attack. Any physical compromise of the Companies facilities could adversely affect the Companies ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity, distribute natural gas or otherwise operate their respective facilities in the most efficient manner or at all. For example, in December 2022 electric utilities in North Carolina and Washington experienced physical attacks on substations with the damage causing power outages. In addition, the amount and scope of insurance coverage maintained against losses resulting from any such attack may not be sufficient to cover such losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any business disruptions that could result. 
 
 Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and/or increase the cost or limit the availability of insurance or adversely impact the Companies ability to access capital on acceptable terms. 
 
 Failure to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on the Companies operations. The Companies business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. The Companies key executive officers are the CEO, CFO, COO and presidents and those responsible for financial, operational, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax, information technology and cybersecurity functions. Competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the Companies business operations is high. Certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the length of time required for skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the Companies business. In addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of the Companies technical employees for construction and operation of transmission, generation and distribution assets. The Companies inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. 

45 
 
 Nuclear Generation Risks 
 
 The Companies have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur substantial costs and liabilities. The Companies nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. The Companies maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If the Companies decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The Companies nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require the Companies to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 
 
 Financial, Economic and Market Risks 
 
 Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the Companies growth and business strategy. In order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the Companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. A reduction in the Companies credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the Companies to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 
 
 An inability to access financial markets and, in the case of Dominion Energy, obtain cash from subsidiaries could adversely affect the execution of the Companies business plans. The Companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the Companies control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more financial markets. In addition, any potential adverse conditions arising from or in connection with the comprehensive business review announced in November 2022 could affect the availability and/or cost of capital. Market disruptions could stem from general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, the planned phase out of LIBOR by the end of 2023 or the reform or replacement of other benchmark rates, the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely or the bankruptcy of an unrelated company. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 
 
 Dominion Energy is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, Dominion Energy s ability to execute its business plan is further subject to the earnings and cash flows of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or advance or repay funds to it, which may, from time to time, be subject to certain contractual restrictions or restrictions imposed by regulators. 
 
 Market performance, interest rates and other changes may decrease the value of the Companies decommissioning trust funds and Dominion Energy s benefit plan assets or increase Dominion Energy s liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission the Companies nuclear plants and under Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The Companies have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 
 
 With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission the Companies nuclear plants or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 
 
 46 

A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 
 If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, the Companies results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 
 
 The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. The Companies use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity, interest rate and/or foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The CEA, as amended by Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, requires certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the CEA s clearing requirements. The Companies have elected to exempt their swaps from the CEA s clearing requirements. If, as a result of changes to the rulemaking process, the Companies derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. In addition, the Companies swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with changes to or the elimination of rulemaking that implements Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 Future impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets or long-lived assets may have a material adverse effect on the Companies results of operations. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if an event or circumstance occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Other intangible assets and long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that an asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. If Dominion Energy s goodwill or the Companies other intangible assets or long-lived assets are in the future determined to be impaired, the applicable registrant would be required during the period in which the impairment is determined to record a noncash charge to earnings that may have a material adverse effect on the registrant's results of operations. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy determined that its nonregulated solar generation assets within Contracted Assets were impaired, resulting in a 1.1 billion after-tax charge. 
 
 Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies financial results of operations. The Companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. Some of Dominion Energy s operations are conducted through partnership arrangements, as noted above. Counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Defaults or failure to perform by customers, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners, financial institutions or other third parties may adversely affect the Companies financial results. 
 
 Public health crises and epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19, could adversely affect the Companies business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or cash flows. The effects of the continued outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and related government responses could include extended disruptions to supply chains and capital markets, reduced labor availability and productivity and a prolonged reduction in economic activity. The effects could also have a variety of adverse impacts on the Companies, including reduced demand for energy, particularly from commercial and industrial customers, impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets and diminished ability of the Companies to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets. There remains uncertainty regarding the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns. Such restrictions may cause operational interruptions and delays in construction projects, which, in the case of renewable energy projects, could delay the expected in-service dates of these projects and financial statement impact of the investment tax credits associated with these projects. For the duration of the outbreak of COVID-19, voluntary suspension, or potential legislative or government action, such as legislation enacted in Virginia in November 2020, may limit the Companies ability to collect on overdue accounts or disconnect services for non-payment, which may cause a decrease in the Companies results of operations and cash flows. 

47 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 

48 
 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy owned its principal executive office in Richmond, Virginia and five other corporate offices. Dominion Energy also leases corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia and other cities in which its subsidiaries operate. Virginia Power shares Dominion Energy s principal executive office in Richmond, Virginia. In addition, Virginia Power leases certain buildings and equipment. 
 
 Dominion Energy s assets consist primarily of its investments in its subsidiaries, the principal properties of which are described below by operating segment. 
 
 Certain of Virginia Power s properties are subject to the lien of the Indenture of Mortgage securing its First and Refunding Mortgage Bonds. There were no bonds outstanding as of December 31, 2022; however, by leaving the indenture open, Virginia Power retains the flexibility to issue mortgage bonds in the future. Certain of Dominion Energy s nonregulated generation facilities are also subject to liens. Additionally, DESC s bond indenture, which secures its First Mortgage Bonds, constitutes a direct mortgage lien on substantially all of its electric utility property. 
 DOMINION ENERGY VIRGINIA 
 Virginia Power has approximately 6,700 miles of electric transmission lines of 69 kV or more located in North Carolina, Virginia and West Virginia. Portions of Virginia Power s electric transmission lines cross national parks and forests under permits entitling the federal government to use, at specified charges, any surplus capacity that may exist in these lines. While Virginia Power owns and maintains its electric transmission facilities, they are a part of PJM, which coordinates the planning, operation, emergency assistance and exchange of capacity and energy for such facilities. 
 
 In addition, Virginia Power s electric distribution network includes approximately 59,700 miles of distribution lines, exclusive of service level lines, in Virginia and North Carolina. The grants for most of its electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. In addition, Virginia Power owns 482 substations and 16 MW of battery storage. Dominion Energy also owns various solar facilities, primarily at schools in Virginia, with an aggregate generation capacity of 21 MW. 

49 
 
 The following tables list Virginia Power s generating units and capability as of December 31, 2022. 
 VIRGINIA POWER UTILITY GENERATION 

Plant 
 
 Location 
 
 Net Summer Capability (MW) 

Percentage Net Summer Capability 

Gas 

Greensville County (CC) 
 
 Greensville County, VA 

1,629 

Brunswick County (CC) 
 
 Brunswick County, VA 

1,376 

Warren County (CC) 
 
 Warren County, VA 

1,349 

Ladysmith (CT) 
 
 Ladysmith, VA 

783 

Bear Garden (CC) 
 
 Buckingham County, VA 

622 

Remington (CT) 
 
 Remington, VA 

622 

Possum Point (CC) 
 
 Dumfries, VA 

573 

Chesterfield (CC) 
 
 Chester, VA 

392 

Elizabeth River (CT) 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 

330 

Gordonsville Energy (CC) 
 
 Gordonsville, VA 

218 

Gravel Neck (CT) 
 
 Surry, VA 

170 

Darbytown (CT) 
 
 Richmond, VA 

168 

Total Gas 

8,232 

41 

Coal 

Mt. Storm 
 
 Mt. Storm, WV 

1,617 

Chesterfield (1) 
 
 Chester, VA 

1,014 

Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 
 
 Wise County, VA 

610 

Clover 
 
 Clover, VA 

439 
 
 (2) 

Total Coal 

3,680 

18 

Nuclear 

Surry 
 
 Surry, VA 

1,676 

North Anna 
 
 Mineral, VA 

1,672 
 
 (3) 

Total Nuclear 

3,348 

16 

Hydro 

Bath County 
 
 Warm Springs, VA 

1,808 
 
 (4) 

Gaston 
 
 Roanoke Rapids, NC 

220 

Roanoke Rapids 
 
 Roanoke Rapids, NC 

95 

Other 

1 

Total Hydro 

2,124 

10 

Oil 

Yorktown (1) 
 
 Yorktown, VA 

790 

Gravel Neck (CT) 
 
 Surry, VA 

198 

Darbytown (CT) 
 
 Richmond, VA 

168 

Rosemary (CC) 
 
 Roanoke Rapids, NC 

160 

Possum Point (CT) 
 
 Dumfries, VA 

72 

Low Moor (CT) 
 
 Covington, VA 

48 

Northern Neck (CT) 
 
 Lively, VA 

47 

Chesapeake (CT) 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 

39 

Total Oil 

1,522 

7 

Solar (5) 

Colonial Trail West 
 
 Surry County, VA 

142 

Sadler Solar 
 
 Emporia, VA 

100 

Spring Grove 
 
 Surry County, VA 

98 

Grassfield 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 

20 

Whitehouse Solar 
 
 Louisa County, VA 

20 

Woodland Solar 
 
 Isle of Wight County, VA 

19 

Scott Solar 
 
 Powhatan, VA 

17 

Total Solar 

416 

2 

Biomass 

Altavista (6) 
 
 Altavista, VA 

51 

Polyester (6) 
 
 Hopewell, VA 

51 

Southampton (6) 
 
 Southampton, VA 

51 

Total Biomass 

153 

1 

Wind 

CVOW Pilot Project 
 
 Virginia Beach, VA 

12 

Various 

Mt. Storm (CT) 
 
 Mt. Storm, WV 

11 

19,498 

Power Purchase Agreements 

1,106 

5 

Total Utility Generation 

20,604 

100 

Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 
 (1) Will be retired after it meets its capacity obligation in 2023. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

(2) Excludes 50 undivided interest owned by ODEC. 

(3) Excludes 11.6 undivided interest owned by ODEC. 

(4) Excludes 40 undivided interest owned by Allegheny Generating Company, a subsidiary of FirstEnergy Corp. 

(5) All solar facilities are alternating current. 

(6) In accordance with the VCEA, these units will be retired no later than 2028. 

50 
 
 VIRGINIA POWER NON-JURISDICTIONAL GENERATION 

Plant 
 
 Location 
 
 Net Summer Capability (MW) 

Solar (1) 

Fort Powhatan 
 
 Disputanta, VA 

150 

Maplewood 
 
 Chatham, VA 

120 

Desper 
 
 Louisa, VA 

88 

Gutenberg 
 
 Garysburg, NC 

80 

Butcher Creek 
 
 Chase City, VA 

80 

Pecan 
 
 Pleasant Hill, NC 

75 

Chestnut 
 
 Halifax County, NC 

75 

Bedford 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 

70 

Pumpkinseed 
 
 Emporia, VA 

60 

Gloucester 
 
 Gloucester County, VA 

20 

Montross 
 
 Westmoreland County, VA 

20 

Morgans Corner 
 
 Pasquotank County, NC 

20 

Remington 
 
 Fauquier County, VA 

20 

Rochambeau 
 
 James City County, VA 

20 

Oceana 
 
 Virginia Beach, VA 

18 

Hollyfield 
 
 Manquin, VA 

17 

Puller 
 
 Topping, VA 

15 

Total Non-Jurisdictional Generation 

948 

(1) All solar facilities are alternating current. 

GAS DISTRIBUTION 
 Gas Distribution s network is located in Ohio, North Carolina, Utah, southwestern Wyoming and southeastern Idaho. This network includes approximately 74,400 miles of distribution mains and related service facilities which are supported by approximately 3,600 miles of transmission, gathering and storage pipeline. The right-of-way grants for many natural gas pipelines have been obtained from the actual owners of real estate, as underlying titles have been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many natural gas pipelines are on publicly-owned property, where company rights and actions are determined on a case-by-case basis, with results that range from reimbursed relocation to revocation of permission to operate. 
 
 East Ohio s integrated underground storage facilities have more than 60 bcf of working gas capacity to serve base and peak demand. PSNC owns one LNG facility that stores the liquefied equivalent of 1.0 bcf of natural gas, can regasify approximately 10 of its storage capacity per day and can liquefy less than 1 of its storage capacity per day. Questar Gas also owns one LNG facility that stores the liquified equivalent of 1.2 bcf of natural gas, can regasify approximately 12 of its storage capacity per day and can liquefy less than 1 of its storage capacity per day. 
 DOMINION ENERGY SOUTH CAROLINA 
 DESC has approximately 3,900 miles and 18,800 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines, respectively, exclusive of service level lines, in South Carolina. The grants for most of DESC s electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying property titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. In addition, DESC owns 459 substations. 
 
 DESC s natural gas system includes approximately 19,100 miles of distribution mains and related service facilities, which are supported by approximately 400 miles of transmission pipeline. 
 
 DESC owns two LNG facilities, one located near Charleston, South Carolina, and the other in Salley, South Carolina. The Charleston facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 1.0 bcf of natural gas, can regasify approximately 6 of its storage capacity per day and can liquefy less than 1 of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 0.9 bcf of natural gas and can regasify approximately 10 of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility has no liquefying capabilities. 
 
 51 
 
 The following table lists DESC s generating units and capability as of December 31, 2022. 

Plant 
 
 Location 
 
 Net Summer Capability (MW) 

Percentage Net Summer Capability 

Gas 

Jasper (CC) (1) 
 
 Hardeeville, SC 

903 

Columbia Energy Center (CC) (1) 
 
 Gaston, SC 

519 

Urquhart (CC) (1) 
 
 Beech Island, SC 

458 

McMeekin 
 
 Irmo, SC 

250 

Hagood (CT) (1) 
 
 Charleston, SC 

126 

Urquhart Unit 3 
 
 Beech Island, SC 

95 

Urquhart (CT) (1) 
 
 Beech Island, SC 

87 

Parr (CT) (1)(2) 
 
 Jenkinsville, SC 

47 

Coit (CT) (1)(2) 
 
 Columbia, SC 

26 

Total Gas 

2,511 

38 

Coal 

Wateree 
 
 Eastover, SC 

684 

Williams 
 
 Goose Creek, SC 

605 

Cope (3) 
 
 Cope, SC 

415 

Total Coal 

1,704 

26 

Hydro 

Fairfield 
 
 Jenkinsville, SC 

576 

Saluda 
 
 Irmo, SC 

198 

Other 
 
 Various 

18 

Total Hydro 

792 

12 

Nuclear 

Summer 
 
 Jenkinsville, SC 

651 
 
 (4) 
 
 10 

5,658 

Power Purchase Agreements 

973 
 
 (5) 
 
 14 

Total Utility Generation 

6,631 

100 

Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 
 (1) Capable of burning fuel oil as a secondary source. 

(2) Expected to be retired by the end of 2025. 

(3) Capable of burning natural gas as a secondary source. 

(4) Excludes 33.3 undivided interest owned by Santee Cooper. 

(5) Includes 189 MW from agreements with certain solar facilities within Contracted Assets. 

CONTRACTED ASSETS 
 Contracted Assets includes Dominion Energy s 50 noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. The Cove Point LNG Facility has an operational peak regasification daily send-out capacity of approximately 1.8 million Dths and an aggregate LNG storage capacity of approximately 14.6 bcfe. In addition, Cove Point has a small liquefier that has the potential to create approximately 15,000 Dths/day. The Liquefaction Facility consists of one LNG train with a nameplate outlet capacity of 5.25 Mtpa. Cove Point has authorization from the DOE to export up to 0.77 bcfe/day (approximately 5.75 Mtpa) should the Liquefaction Facility perform better than expected. In addition, Cove Point operates a 136-mile natural gas pipeline that connects the Cove Point LNG Facility to interstate natural gas pipelines. 
 
 52 

The following table lists Contracted Assets generating units and capability as of December 31, 2022. 

Plant 
 
 Location 
 
 Net Summer Capability (MW) 

Percentage Net Summer Capability 

Nuclear 

Millstone 
 
 Waterford, CT 

2,001 
 
 (1) 

Total Nuclear 

2,001 

67 

Solar (2) 

Hardin I 
 
 Hardin County, OH 

150 

Amazon Solar Farm Virginia Southampton 
 
 Newsoms, VA 

100 
 
 (3) 

Amazon Solar Farm Virginia Accomack 
 
 Oak Hall, VA 

80 
 
 (3) 

Greensville 
 
 Greensville County, VA 

80 

Innovative Solar 37 
 
 Morven, NC 

79 
 
 (3) 

Wilkinson 
 
 Pantego, NC 

74 

Seabrook 
 
 Beaufort County, SC 

73 

Moffett Solar 1 
 
 Ridgeland, SC 

71 
 
 (3) 

Summit Farms Solar 
 
 Moyock, NC 

60 
 
 (3) 

Midway II 
 
 Calipatria, CA 

30 
 
 (3) 

Amazon Solar Farm Virginia Buckingham 
 
 Cumberland, VA 

20 
 
 (3) 

Amazon Solar Farm Virginia Correctional 
 
 Barhamsville, VA 

20 
 
 (3) 

Hecate Cherrydale 
 
 Cape Charles, VA 

20 
 
 (3) 

Amazon Solar Farm Virginia Sussex Drive 
 
 Stoney Creek, VA 

20 
 
 (3) 

Amazon Solar Farm Virginia Scott II 
 
 Powhatan, VA 

20 
 
 (3) 

Myrtle 
 
 Suffolk, VA 

15 

Trask 
 
 Beaufort County, SC 

12 

Hecate Energy Clarke County 
 
 White Post, VA 

10 
 
 (3) 

Ridgeland Solar Farm I 
 
 Ridgeland, SC 

10 
 
 (3) 

Yemassee 
 
 Hampton County, SC 

10 

Blackville 
 
 Blackville, SC 

7 

Denmark 
 
 Denmark, SC 

6 

Other 
 
 Various 

35 
 
 (3) 

Total Solar 

1,002 

33 

Total Nonregulated Generation 

3,003 

100 

(1) Excludes 6.53 undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain. 

(2) All solar facilities are alternating current. 

(3) Dominion Energy s interest is subject to a lien securing Eagle Solar s debt. 

53 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Companies are parties to various legal, environmental or other regulatory proceedings, including in the ordinary course of business. SEC regulations require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Companies reasonably believe will exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to the SEC regulations, the Companies use a threshold of 1 million for such proceedings. See Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference, for discussion of certain legal, environmental and other regulatory proceedings to which the Companies are a party. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 54 
 
 Information about our Executive Office rs 
 Information concerning the executive officers of Dominion Energy, each of whom is elected annually, is as follows: 

Name and Age 
 
 Business Experience Past Five Years (1) 

Robert M. Blue (55) 
 
 Chair of the Board of Directors from April 2021 to present; President and CEO from October 2020 to present; Director from November 2020 to present; Executive Vice President and Co-COO from December 2019 to September 2020; Executive Vice President and President CEO Power Delivery Group from May 2017 to November 2019. 

Edward H. Baine (49) 
 
 President Dominion Energy Virginia from October 2020 to present; Senior Vice President Power Delivery of Virginia Power from December 2019 to September 2020; Senior Vice President Distribution of Virginia Power from February 2016 to November 2019. 

P. Rodney Blevins (58) 
 
 President Gas Distribution from January 2022 to present; President Dominion Energy South Carolina from December 2019 to December 2021; President Chief Executive Officer Southeast Energy Group from January 2019 to November 2019; Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from January 2014 to December 2018. 

Carlos M. Brown (48) 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel from September 2022 to present; Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer from December 2019 to August 2022; Senior Vice President and General Counsel from January 2019 to November 2019; Vice President and General Counsel from January 2017 to December 2018. 

Michele L. Cardiff (55) 
 
 Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from October 2020 to present; Vice President, Controller and CAO from April 2014 to September 2020. 

W. Keller Kissam (56) 
 
 President Dominion Energy South Carolina from January 2022 to present; President Electric Operations of DESC from January 2019 to December 2021; President Generation, Transmission and Distribution and COO of DESC from January 2018 to December 2018. 

Diane Leopold (56) 
 
 Executive Vice President and COO from October 2020 to present; Executive Vice President and Co-COO from December 2019 to September 2020; Executive Vice President and President CEO Gas Infrastructure Group from May 2017 to November 2019. 

Steven D. Ridge (42) 
 
 Senior Vice President and CFO from November 2022 to present; President of Questar Gas from October 2022 to November 2022; Vice President and General Manager Western Distribution from October 2021 to September 2022; Vice President Investor Relations of DES from April 2019 to September 2021; Director Investor Relations of DES from October 2017 to March 2019. 

Daniel G. Stoddard (60) 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Nuclear Officer and President Contracted Assets from September 2020 to present; Senior Vice President, Chief Nuclear Officer and President Contracted Generation from December 2019 to August 2020; Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Virginia Power from October 2016 to present. 

(1) All positions held at Dominion Energy, unless otherwise noted. Any service listed for Virginia Power, DESC, Questar Gas and DES reflects service at a current or previous subsidiary of Dominion Energy. 

55 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related St ockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 DOMINION ENERGY 
 Dominion Energy s common stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol D. At February 15, 2023, there were 122,016 record holders of Dominion Energy s common stock. The number of record holders is comprised of individual shareholder accounts maintained on Dominion Energy s transfer agent records and includes accounts with shares held in (1) certificate form, (2) book-entry in the Direct Registration System and (3) book-entry under Dominion Energy Direct . Discussions of expected dividend payments required by this Item are contained in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. MD A. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (2) 

Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (3) 

10/1/22-10/31/22 

74,869 

69.11 

0.92 billion 

11/1/22-11/30/22 

1,014 

69.72 

0.92 billion 

12/1/22-12/31/22 

556 

60.37 

0.92 billion 

Total 

76,439 

69.05 

0.92 billion 

(1) Represents shares of common stock that were tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock. 

(2) Represents the weighted-average price paid per share. 

(3) In November 2020, the Dominion Energy Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0 billion of shares of common stock. This repurchase program has no expiration date or price or volume targets and may be modified suspended or terminated at any time. Shares may be purchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at the discretion of management subject to prevailing market conditions, applicable securities laws and other factors. 

VIRGINIA POWER 
 There is no established public trading market for Virginia Power s common stock, all of which is owned by Dominion Energy. Virginia Power may pay cash dividends in 2023 but is neither required to nor restricted, except as described in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, from making such payments. 
 
 Item 6. [Re ser ved] 
 
 56 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 MD A discusses Dominion Energy s results of operations, general financial condition and liquidity and Virginia Power s results of operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as applicable. For a discussion of these items for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please see Part II, Item 7. MD A in the Companies Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. MD A should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business and the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Virginia Power meets the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure format, and therefore has omitted certain sections of MD A. 
 CONTENTS OF MD A 
 MD A consists of the following information: 
 Forward-Looking Statements Dominion Energy and Virginia Power 

Accounting Matters Dominion Energy 

Results of Operations Dominion Energy and Virginia Power 

Segment Results of Operations Dominion Energy 

Outlook Dominion Energy 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Dominion Energy 

Future Issues and Other Matters Dominion Energy 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains statements concerning the Companies expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In most cases, the reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such words as anticipate, estimate, forecast, expect, believe, should, could, plan, may, continue, target or other similar words. 
 The Companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. Additionally, other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. These factors include but are not limited to: 
 Unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices; 

Extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding, climate changes and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities; 

The impact of extraordinary external events, such as the current pandemic health event resulting from COVID-19, and their collateral consequences, including extended disruption of economic activity in our markets and global supply chains; 

Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments, including changes in or interpretations of federal and state tax laws and regulations; 

The direct and indirect impacts of implementing recommendations resulting from the business review announced in November 2022; 

Risks of operating businesses in regulated industries that are subject to changing regulatory structures; 

Changes to regulated electric rates collected by the Companies and regulated gas distribution, transportation and storage rates collected by Dominion Energy; 

Changes in rules for RTOs and ISOs in which the Companies join and/or participate, including changes in rate designs, changes in FERC s interpretation of market rules and new and evolving capacity models; 

Risks associated with Virginia Power s membership and participation in PJM, including risks related to obligations created by the default of other participants; 

57 
 
 Risks associated with entities in which Dominion Energy shares ownership with third parties, including risks that result from lack of sole decision making authority, disputes that may arise between Dominion Energy and third party participants and difficulties in exiting these arrangements; 

Changes in future levels of domestic and international natural gas production, supply or consumption; 

Impacts to Dominion Energy s noncontrolling interest in Cove Point from fluctuations in future volumes of LNG imports or exports from the U.S. and other countries worldwide or demand for, purchases of, and prices related to natural gas or LNG; 

Timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or growth projects and compliance with conditions associated with such regulatory approvals; 

The inability to complete planned construction, conversion or growth projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames initially anticipated, including as a result of increased public involvement, intervention or litigation in such projects; 

Risks and uncertainties that may impact the Companies ability to develop and construct the CVOW Commercial Project within the currently proposed timeline, or at all, and consistent with current cost estimates along with the ability to recover such costs from customers; 

Changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or discharge limits for GHGs and other substances, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances; 

Cost of environmental strategy and compliance, including those costs related to climate change; 

Changes in implementation and enforcement practices of regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities; 

Difficulty in anticipating mitigation requirements associated with environmental and other regulatory approvals or related appeals; 

Unplanned outages at facilities in which the Companies have an ownership interest; 

The impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error and other catastrophic events; 

Risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities; 

Changes in operating, maintenance and construction costs; 

Domestic terrorism and other threats to the Companies physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity; 

Additional competition in industries in which the Companies operate, including in electric markets in which Dominion Energy s nonregulated generation facilities operate and potential competition from the development and deployment of alternative energy sources, such as self-generation and distributed generation technologies, and availability of market alternatives to large commercial and industrial customers; 

Competition in the development, construction and ownership of certain electric transmission facilities in the Companies service territory in connection with Order 1000; 

Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies; 

Changes in demand for the Companies services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in the Companies service areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered to Dominion Energy s pipeline system, failure to maintain or replace customer contracts on favorable terms, changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, the availability of energy efficient devices and the use of distributed generation methods; 

Receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for acquisitions and divestitures; 

Impacts of acquisitions, divestitures, transfers of assets to joint ventures and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio reviews; 

Adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings, including matters acquired in the SCANA Combination; 

Counterparty credit and performance risk; 

58 
 
 Fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts by the Companies and in benefit plan trusts by Dominion Energy; 

Fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on Dominion Energy s earnings and the Companies liquidity position and the underlying value of their assets; 

Fluctuations in interest rates; 

The effectiveness to which existing economic hedging instruments mitigate fluctuations in currency exchange rates of the Euro and Danish Krone associated with certain fixed price contracts for the major offshore construction and equipment components of the CVOW Commercial Project; 

Changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital; 

Global capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms; 

Political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation; 

Employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees; and 

Changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by governing bodies. 

Additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The Companies forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The Companies caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. The Companies undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. 
 ACCOUNTING MATTERS 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Dominion Energy has identified the following accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the judgments, uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different assumptions. Dominion Energy has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of each of these policies with the Audit Committee of its Board of Directors. 
 Accounting for Regulated Operations 
 The accounting for Dominion Energy s regulated electric and gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that Dominion Energy is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its Consolidated Financial Statements. For regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. 
 Dominion Energy evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These analyses are generally based on: 
 Orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judicial actions; 

Past experience; 

Discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel; 

Forecasted earnings; and 

Considerations around the likelihood of impacts from events such as unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events and other natural disasters and unplanned outages of facilities. 

If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. A regulatory liability, if considered probable, will be recorded in the period such assessment is made or reversed into earnings if no longer probable. In connection with the evaluation of Virginia Power s earnings for the 2021 Triennial Review, in 2020 Virginia Power established a regulatory liability for benefits expected to be provided to Virginia retail electric customers through the use of a 
 
 59 
 
 CCRO in accordance with the GTSA. In 2021, Virginia Power made further adjustments to this regulatory liability prior to its ultimate resolution through a comprehensive settlement agreement. See Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 Dominion Energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists and the ARO can be reasonably estimated. These AROs are recognized at fair value as incurred or when sufficient information becomes available to determine fair value and are generally capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. In the absence of quoted market prices, Dominion Energy estimates the fair value of its AROs using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. The impact on measurements of new AROs or remeasurements of existing AROs, using different cost escalation or credit-adjusted risk free rates in the future, may be significant. When Dominion Energy revises any assumptions used to calculate the fair value of existing AROs, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the ARO liability and the related long-lived asset for assets that are in service; for assets that have ceased or are expected to cease operations, Dominion Energy adjusts the carrying amount of the ARO liability with such changes either recognized in income or as a regulatory asset. 
 Dominion Energy s AROs include a significant balance related to the future decommissioning of its nonregulated and utility nuclear facilities. These nuclear decommissioning AROs are reported in Dominion Energy Virginia, Dominion Energy South Carolina and Contracted Assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy s nuclear decommissioning AROs totaled 1.9 billion and 2.0 billion, respectively. The following discusses critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of AROs associated with Dominion Energy s nuclear decommissioning obligations. 
 Dominion Energy obtains from third-party specialists periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature, cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for its nuclear plants. These cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time they are performed; however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. These cash flows include estimates on timing of decommissioning, which for regulated nuclear units factors in the probability of NRC approval for license extensions. In addition, Dominion Energy s cost estimates include cost escalation rates that are applied to the base year costs. Dominion Energy determines cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each nuclear facility. The selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are considered to be critical assumptions. At December 31, 2022, a 0.25 increase in cost escalation rates would have resulted in an approximate 370 million increase in Dominion Energy s nuclear decommissioning AROs. 
 Income Taxes 
 Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities. The interpretation of tax laws and associated regulations involves uncertainty since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. Ultimate resolution or clarification of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material. 
 Given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determination and filing of income taxes, there are standards for recognition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. Positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy had 117 million and 128 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits. Changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations. 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Dominion Energy evaluates quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. Failure to achieve forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax planning strategies may affect the realization of deferred tax assets. In addition, changes in tax laws or tax rates may require reconsideration of the realizability of existing deferred tax assets. Dominion Energy establishes a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy had established 138 million and 140 million, respectively, of valuation allowances. 
 
 60 
 
 Accounting for Derivative Contracts and Financial Instruments at Fair Value 
 Dominion Energy uses derivative contracts such as physical and financial forwards, futures, swaps, options and FTRs to manage commodity, interest rate and/or foreign currency exchange rate risks of its business operations. Derivative contracts, with certain exceptions, are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The majority of investments held in Dominion Energy s nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts and pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. See Notes 6 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these fair value measurements. 
 Fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if available. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, management seeks indicative price information from external sources, including broker quotes and industry publications. When evaluating pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, Dominion Energy considers whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. If pricing information from external sources is not available, or if Dominion Energy believes that observable pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. In those cases, Dominion Energy must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and use of statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect its market assumptions. 
 Dominion Energy maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for quantitative information on unobservable inputs utilized in Dominion Energy s fair value measurements of certain derivative contracts. 
 Use of Estimates in Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 In April of each year, Dominion Energy tests its goodwill for potential impairment, and performs additional tests more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The 2022, 2021 and 2020 annual test did not result in the recognition of any goodwill impairment. 
 In general, Dominion Energy estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for peer group companies and analyses of recent business combinations involving peer group companies. Fair value estimates are dependent on subjective factors such as Dominion Energy s estimate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount and growth rates, and the selection of peer group companies and recent transactions. These underlying assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, particularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in Dominion Energy s estimates of future cash flows, could result in a future impairment of goodwill. Although Dominion Energy has consistently applied the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on relevant information available at the time, such cash flow estimates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly from actual results. If the estimates of future cash flows used in the most recent test had been 10 lower or if the discount rate had been 0.25 higher, the resulting fair values would have still been greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting units tested, indicating that no impairment was present. 
 See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Use of Estimates in Long-Lived Asset and Equity Method Investment Impairment Testing 
 Impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets, including intangible assets with definite lives, and equity method investments is required when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. When a long-lived asset s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted estimated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is considered impaired to the extent that the asset s fair value is less than its carrying amount. When an equity method investment s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, and the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. Performing an impairment test on long-lived assets and equity method investments involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets in the case of long-lived assets, and developing the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows (used to estimate fair value in the absence of a market-based value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting such cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing, expectations about the operations of the long-lived assets and equity method investments and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. When determining whether a long-lived asset or asset group has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows. Although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. For example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset or underlying assets of equity method investees, including future production and sales levels, expected 
 
 61 
 
 fluctuations of prices of commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from dispositions. In 2022, Dominion Energy determined that its nonregulated solar generation assets within Contracted Assets were impaired. The estimates of future cash flows and selection of a discount rate are considered to be critical assumptions. A 10 decrease in projected future pre-tax cash flows would have resulted in a 69 million increase to the impairment charge recorded. A 0.25 increase in the discount rate would have resulted in a 13 million increase to the impairment charge recorded. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning the impairment related to certain of Dominion Energy s nonregulated solar generation assets. There were no other tests performed in 2022 of long-lived assets or equity method investments which could have resulted in material impairments. 
 Held for Sale Classification 
 Dominion Energy recognizes the assets and liabilities of a disposal group as held for sale in the period (i) it has approved and committed to a plan to sell the disposal group, (ii) the disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to sell the disposal group have been initiated, (iv) the sale of the disposal group is probable, (v) the disposal group is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value and (vi) it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Dominion Energy initially measures a disposal group that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a disposal group until closing. Upon designation as held for sale, Dominion Energy stops recording depreciation expense and assesses the fair value of the disposal group less any costs to sell at each reporting period and until it is no longer classified as held for sale. 
 The determination as to whether the sale of the disposal group is probable may include significant judgments from management related to the expectation of obtaining approvals from applicable regulatory agencies such as state utility regulatory commissions, FERC or the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. This analysis is generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, past experience and discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. 
 In 2022, Dominion Energy completed the sale of Kewaunee following the receipt of approval for sale from the Wisconsin Commission; which prior to its receipt there had been uncertainty as to the timing of or ability to obtain such approval. Dominion Energy recorded a loss of 649 million primarily related to the difference between the nuclear decommissioning trust and AROs. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 Dominion Energy sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. The projected costs of providing benefits under these plans are dependent, in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. Assumptions about the future, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit obligations, mortality rates and the anticipated rate of increase in healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a significant impact on employee benefit costs. The impact of changes in these factors, as well as differences between Dominion Energy s assumptions and actual experience, is generally recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income over the remaining average service period of plan participants, rather than immediately. 
 The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. Dominion Energy determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of: 
 Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 

Historical return analysis to determine long-term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes; 

Expected future risk premiums, asset classes volatilities and correlations; 

Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major capital market assumptions; and 

Investment allocation of plan assets. The long-term strategic target asset allocation for Dominion Energy s pension funds is 26 U.S. equity, 19 non-U.S. equity, 32 fixed income, 3 real assets and 20 other alternative investments, such as private equity investments. 

62 
 
 Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion Energy s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment policy include those mentioned above such as employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Deviations from the plans strategic allocation are a function of Dominion Energy s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans actual asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the targets. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. 
 Dominion Energy develops its critical assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor or an independent actuary, as applicable, to ensure reasonableness. An internal committee selects the final assumptions. Dominion Energy calculated its pension cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption that ranged from 7.00 to 8.35 for 2022, 7.00 to 8.45 for 2021 and 7.00 to 8.60 for 2020. For 2023, the expected long-term rate of return for the pension cost assumption ranged from 7.00 to 8.35 for Dominion Energy s plans held as of December 31, 2022. Dominion Energy calculated its other postretirement benefit cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.35 for 2022, 8.45 for 2021 and 8.50 for 2020. For 2023, the expected long-term rate of return for other postretirement benefit cost assumption is 8.35 . 
 Dominion Energy determines discount rates from analyses of AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. The discount rates used to calculate pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost ranged from 3.06 to 3.19 for pension plans and 3.04 to 5.03 for other postretirement benefit plans in 2022, ranged from 2.73 to 3.29 for pension plans and 2.69 to 2.80 for other postretirement benefit plans in 2021 and ranged from 2.77 to 3.63 for pension plans and 3.07 to 3.52 for other postretirement benefit plans in 2020. Dominion Energy selected a discount rate ranging from 5.65 to 5.75 for pension plans and 5.69 to 5.70 for other postretirement benefit plans for determining its December 31, 2022 projected benefit obligations. 
 Dominion Energy establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected and demographics of plan participants. Dominion Energy s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of December 31, 2022 was 6.25 and is expected to gradually decrease to 5.00 by 2026-2027 and continue at that rate for years thereafter. 
 The following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant: 

Increase in 2022 Net Periodic Cost 

Change in Actuarial Assumptions 
 
 Pension Benefits 

Other Postretirement Benefits 

(millions, except percentages) 

Discount rate 
 (0.25) 

17 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 (0.25) 

27 

6 

Health care cost trend rate 
 1 
 
 N/A 

9 

In addition to the effects on cost, a 0.25 decrease in the discount rate would increase Dominion Energy s projected pension benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 by 215 million and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 by 26 million, while a 1.00 increase in the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 by 75 million. 
 See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Dominion Energy s employee benefit plans. 
 New Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting standards. 
 
 63 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Dominion Energy 
 Presented below is a summary of Dominion Energy s consolidated results: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

(millions, except EPS) 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

994 

(2,294) 

3,288 

3,689 

(401) 

Diluted EPS 

1.09 

(2.89) 

3.98 

4.55 

(0.57) 

Overview 
 2022 VS. 2021 
 Net income attributable to Dominion Energy decreased 70 , primarily due to a charge associated with the impairment of certain nonregulated solar generation facilities, a loss associated with the sale of Kewaunee, a decrease in net investment earnings on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, a net decrease associated with the impacts of Virginia Power s 2021 Triennial Review, a charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates, a charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses and dismantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation facilities at Virginia Power. These decreases were partially offset by the absence of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case, increased unrealized gains on economic hedging activities and the absence of a net loss on the sales of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities. 
 Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
 Presented below are selected amounts related to Dominion Energy s results of operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating revenue 

17,174 

3,210 

13,964 

(208) 

14,172 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

3,711 

1,343 

2,368 

125 

2,243 

Purchased electric capacity 

59 

(11) 

70 

17 

53 

Purchased gas 

1,582 

499 

1,083 

194 

889 

Other operations and maintenance 

3,984 

250 

3,734 

49 

3,685 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

2,830 

352 

2,478 

146 

2,332 

Other taxes 

923 

14 

909 

38 

871 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

2,063 

1,868 

195 

(1,910) 

2,105 

Losses (gains) on sales of assets 

426 

318 

108 

169 

(61) 

Earnings from equity method investees 

299 

23 

276 

236 

40 

Other income 

124 

(1,033) 

1,157 

464 

693 

Interest and related charges 

966 

(388) 

1,354 

(23) 

1,377 

Income tax expense 

68 

(357) 

425 

342 

83 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations including noncontrolling interests 

9 

(632) 

641 

2,519 

(1,878) 

Noncontrolling interests 

(26) 

26 

175 

(149) 

An analysis of Dominion Energy s results of operations follows: 
 2022 VS. 2021 
 Operating revenue increased 23 , primarily reflecting: 
 A 1.8 billion increase in fuel-related revenue as a result of an increase in commodity costs associated with sales to electric utility retail customers 1.2 billion) and gas utility customers 586 million); 

A 505 million increase to recover the costs and an authorized return, as applicable, associated with Virginia Power non-fuel riders; 

The absence of a 356 million decrease for refunds provided to retail electric customers in Virginia associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 

64 
 
 A 290 million net increase associated with market prices affecting Millstone, including economic hedging impacts of net realized and unrealized losses on freestanding derivatives 6 million); 

The absence of a 151 million decrease from an unbilled revenue reduction at Virginia Power; 

A 67 million increase in sales to utility retail customers associated with growth at electric 46 million) and gas 21 million) utilities; 

A 66 million increase from gas utility capital cost riders; 

A 57 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers from an increase in heating degree days during the heating season 52 million) and a net increase in cooling degree days during the cooling season 5 million); 

A 38 million net increase from electric utility customers who elect to pay market-based or other negotiated rates, including settlements of economic hedges at Virginia Power; 

A 38 million increase following the approved base rate case for PSNC; 

A 30 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers associated with economic and other usage factors; 

A 24 million increase in sales to customers from non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities at Virginia Power; and 

A 20 million increase in non-fuel base rates associated with the settlement in 2021 of the South Carolina electric base rate case. 

These increases were partially offset by: 
 A 155 million decrease from the sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities; 

A 80 million decrease as a result of the contribution of certain nonregulated gas retail energy contracts to Wrangler; 

A 55 million decrease reflecting a reduction in base rates associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 

A 49 million decrease from the sale of Hope; 

A 26 million decrease from a planned outage at Millstone; and 

A 20 million decrease associated with storm damage primarily from winter storms in Virginia. 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases increased 57 , primarily due to higher commodity costs for electric utilities 1.2 billion) and an increase in the use of purchased renewable energy credits at Virginia Power 58 million), which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income. 
 Purchased gas increased 46 , primarily due to an increase in commodity costs for gas utilities 586 million), which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income, partially offset by cost saving incentives earned under the Wexpro Agreements 27 million). 
 
 Other operations and maintenance increased 7 , primarily reflecting: 
 A 84 million increase in certain Virginia Power expenditures which are primarily recovered through state- and FERC-regulated rates and do not impact net income; 

A 51 million increase in storm damage and restoration costs primarily from winter storms in Virginia Power s service territory; 

A 46 million increase in bad debt expense; 

A 46 million increase in materials and supplies expense primarily as a result of higher prices; 

A 42 million increase in outage costs at Millstone 26 million) and Virginia Power 16 million); and 

A 21 million increase in outside services. 

These increases were partially offset by: 
 The absence of a 44 million charge related to a revision in estimated recovery of spent nuclear fuel costs associated with the decommissioning of Kewaunee; and 

A 31 million decrease in merger and integration-related costs associated with the SCANA Combination. 

65 
 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased 14 , primarily due to various projects being placed into service 205 million), an increase for amortization of a regulatory asset established in the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review 183 million), and an increase in RGGI-related amortization 128 million), which except for the suspended period of Rider RGGI is offset in operating revenue and does not impact net income, partially offset by depreciation rates revised in the first quarter of 2022 at Virginia Power 82 million) and a decrease from the sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 45 million). 
 
 Impairment of assets and other charges increased 1.9 billion, primarily reflecting: 
 A charge associated with the impairment of certain nonregulated solar generation facilities 1.5 billion); 

The absence of a benefit from the establishment of a regulatory asset associated with the early retirement of certain coal- and oil-fired generating units associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review 549 million); 

A charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses 191 million); 

A charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates at Virginia Power 180 million); 

Dismantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation facilities at Virginia Power 167 million); and 

A charge for the write-off of inventory 40 million); partially offset by 

The absence of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case 249 million); 

The absence of charges for CCRO benefits provided to retail electric customers in Virginia associated with Virginia Power s 2021 Triennial Review 188 million); 

A decrease in charges associated with litigation acquired in the SCANA Combination 97 million); 

The absence of a charge for the forgiveness of Virginia retail electric customer accounts in arrears pursuant to Virginia s 2021 budget process 77 million); 

The absence of a charge for corporate office lease termination 62 million); and 

The absence of a write-off of nonregulated retail software development assets 20 million). 

Losses on sales of assets increased 318 million, primarily due to a loss associated with the sale of Kewaunee 649 million) and the absence of gains on the sale of nonregulated retail energy marketing assets 87 million), partially offset by the absence of a net loss on the sales of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 211 million), a gain on the contribution of certain privatization operations to Dominion Privatization 155 million), a gain on the transfer of certain non-utility and utility property in South Carolina 20 million) and a gain on the sale of certain utility property in South Carolina 20 million). 
 Other income decreased 89 , primarily due to net investment losses in 2022 compared to net investment gains in 2021 on nuclear decommissioning trust funds 1.1 billion), partially offset by an increase in non-service components of pension and other postretirement employee benefit plan credits 109 million) and the absence of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case 18 million). 
 
 Interest and related charges decreased 29 , primarily due to higher unrealized gains associated with freestanding derivatives 511 million), higher premiums received on interest rate derivatives 60 million), a decrease due to junior subordinated note repayments in 2021 52 million), benefits associated with the early redemption of certain securities in the third and fourth quarters of 2022 35 million) and the absence of charges associated with the early redemption of certain securities in the third quarter of 2021 23 million), partially offset by an increase from net debt issuances 179 million), higher interest rates on commercial paper borrowings 51 million), higher interest rates on variable rate debt and cash flow interest rate swaps 29 million) and the absence of a benefit associated with the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions 21 million). 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 84 , primarily due to lower pre-tax income including lower state income tax benefits on pre-tax losses from nuclear decommissioning trusts and economic hedges 455 million) and higher investment tax credits 36 million), partially offset by tax expense on the sale of Hope s stock 90 million) and the absence of benefits from the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions 38 million) and a state legislative change 21 million). 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations including noncontrolling interests decreased 99 , primarily due to the completion of the sale of the Q-Pipe Group in December 2021. 
 
 66 
 
 Noncontrolling interests decreased 26 million, primarily due to the absence of operations in connection with the sale of certain nonregulated solar generating projects held in partnerships. 
 
 Virginia Power 
 Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power s consolidated results: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

(millions) 

Net income 

1,215 

(497) 

1,712 

691 

1,021 

Overview 
 2022 VS. 2021 
 Net income decreased 29 , primarily due to a decrease in net investment earnings on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, a net decrease associated with the impacts of the 2021 Triennial Review, a charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates, a charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses and dismantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation facilities. 
 Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
 Presented below are selected amounts related to Virginia Power s results of operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating revenue 

9,654 

2,184 

7,470 

(293) 

7,763 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

2,913 

1,178 

1,735 

99 

1,636 

Purchased (excess) electric capacity 

46 

22 

24 

41 

(17) 

Other operations and maintenance 

2,051 

258 

1,793 

7 

1,786 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,736 

372 

1,364 

112 

1,252 

Other taxes 

303 

(23) 

326 

(1) 

327 

Impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) 

557 

826 

(269) 

(1,362) 

1,093 

Other income 

(146) 

146 

66 

80 

Interest and related charges 

642 

108 

534 

18 

516 

Income tax expense 

191 

(206) 

397 

168 

229 

An analysis of Virginia Power s results of operations follows: 
 2022 VS. 2021 
 Operating revenue increased 29 , primarily reflecting: 
 A 1.1 billion increase in fuel-related revenue as a result of a net increase in commodity costs associated with sales to electric utility retail customers; 

A 505 million increase to recover the costs and an authorized return, as applicable, associated with non-fuel riders; 

The absence of a 356 million decrease for refunds provided to retail electric customers in Virginia associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 

The absence of a 151 million decrease from an unbilled revenue reduction; 

A 29 million net increase in sales to retail customers from an increase in heating degree days during the heating season 47 million), partially offset by a decrease in cooling degree days during the cooling season 18 million); 

A 26 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers associated with growth; 

A 24 million increase in sales to customers from non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities; and 

A 19 million net increase from electric utility customers who elect to pay market-based or other negotiated rates, including settlements of economic hedges. 

67 
 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 A 55 million decrease reflecting a reduction in base rates associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review. 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases increased 68 , primarily due to higher commodity costs for electric utilities 1.1 billion) and an increase in the use of purchased renewable energy credits 58 million), which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income. 
 Purchased electric capacity increased 92 , primarily due to an increase in expense related to the annual PJM capacity performance market effective June 2021. 
 Other operations and maintenance increased 14 , primarily reflecting: 
 A 84 million increase in certain expenses which are primarily recovered through state- and FERC-regulated rates and do not impact net income; 

A 51 million increase in storm damage and service restoration costs primarily from winter storms; 

A 28 million increase in bad debt expense; 

A 26 million increase in materials and supplies expense primarily as a result of higher prices; 

A 19 million increase in outside services; 

A 17 million increase in nuclear insurance costs; and 

A 16 million increase in planned outage costs. 

Depreciation and amortization increased 27 , primarily due to an increase for amortization of a regulatory asset established in the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review 183 million), an increase due to various projects being placed into service 144 million) and an increase in RGGI-related amortization 128 million), which except for the suspended period of Rider RGGI is offset in operating revenue and does not impact net income, partially offset by depreciation rates revised in the first quarter of 2022 82 million). 
 
 Impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) increased 826 million, primarily reflecting: 
 The absence of a benefit from the establishment of a regulatory asset associated with the early retirement of certain coal- and oil-fired generating units associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review 549 million); 

A charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses 191 million); 

A charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates 180 million); 

Dismantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation facilities 167 million); and 

A charge for the write-off of inventory 19 million); partially offset by 

The absence of charges for CCRO benefits provided to retail electric customers in Virginia associated with Virginia Power s 2021 Triennial Review 188 million); and 

The absence of a charge for the forgiveness of Virginia retail electric customer accounts in arrears pursuant to Virginia s 2021 budget process 77 million). 

Other income decreased 146 million, primarily due to net investment losses in 2022 compared to net investment gains in 2021 on nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 
 Interest and related charges increased 20 , primarily due to an increase from net debt issuances in 2022 and 2021 60 million), higher interest rates on commercial paper borrowings 17 million) and an increase in principal and interest rates on intercompany borrowings with Dominion Energy 14 million). 
 Income tax expense decreased 52 , primarily due to lower pre-tax income 182 million) and higher investment tax credits 66 million), partially offset by the recognition of an intercompany gain related to the transfer and subsequent contribution of existing 
 
 68 
 
 privatization operations in Virginia to Dominion Privatization 34 million) and the absence of the benefit from a state legislative change 16 million). 
 SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. Presented below is a summary of contributions by Dominion Energy s operating segments to net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

EPS (1) 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

EPS (1) 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

EPS (1) 

(millions, except EPS) 

Dominion Energy Virginia 

2,008 

2.44 

1,919 

2.37 

1,891 

2.28 

Gas Distribution 

697 

0.85 

600 

0.74 

560 

0.67 

Dominion Energy South Carolina 

505 

0.61 

437 

0.54 

419 

0.51 

Contracted Assets 

335 

0.41 

431 

0.53 

402 

0.48 

Corporate and Other 

(2,551) 

(3.22) 

(99) 

(0.20) 

(3,673) 

(4.51) 

Consolidated 

994 

1.09 

3,288 

3.98 

(401) 

(0.57) 

(1) Consolidated results are presented on a diluted EPS basis. The dilutive impacts, primarily consisting of potential shares which had not yet been issued, are included within the results of the Corporate and Other segment. EPS contributions for Dominion Energy s operating segments are presented utilizing basic average shares outstanding for the period. 

Dominion Energy Virginia 
 Presented below are operating statistics related to Dominion Energy Virginia s operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

Electricity delivered (million MWh) 

90.0 

6 

85.2 

2 

83.3 

Electricity supplied (million MWh): 

Utility 

90.2 

5 

85.7 

(1) 

87.0 

Non-Jurisdictional 

1.5 

50 

1.0 

43 

0.7 

Degree days (electric distribution and utility service area): 

Cooling 

1,765 

(1) 

1,783 

1 

1,759 

Heating 

3,555 

11 

3,210 

8 

2,970 

Average electric distribution customer accounts (thousands) 

2,724 

1 

2,697 

1 

2,661 

69 
 
 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Dominion Energy Virginia s net income contribution: 
 2022 VS. 2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Weather 

21 

0.03 

Customer usage and other factors 

25 

0.03 

Customer-elected rate impacts 

13 

0.02 

Base rate case impacts 

(41) 

(0.05) 

Rider equity return 

64 

0.08 

Storm damage and service restoration 

(17) 

(0.02) 

Planned outage costs 

(12) 

(0.01) 

Depreciation and amortization 

19 

0.02 

Renewable energy investment tax credits 

65 

0.08 

Salaries, wages and benefits administrative costs 

26 

0.03 

Interest expense, net 

(13) 

(0.02) 

Other 

(61) 

(0.07) 

Share dilution 

(0.05) 

Change in net income contribution 

89 

0.07 

2021 VS. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Weather 

44 

0.05 

Customer usage and other factors 

(26) 

(0.03) 

Customer-elected rate impacts 

46 

0.06 

Rider equity return 

41 

0.05 

Electric capacity 

(28) 

(0.03) 

Outages 

(14) 

(0.02) 

Depreciation and amortization 

(18) 

(0.02) 

Renewable energy investment tax credits 

7 

0.01 

Salaries, wages and benefits administrative costs 

(22) 

(0.03) 

Other 

(2) 

(0.01) 

Share accretion 

0.06 

Change in net income contribution 

28 

0.09 

Gas Distribution 
 Presented below are selected operating statistics related to Gas Distribution s operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 (1) 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

Gas distribution throughput (bcf): 

Sales 

194 

6 

183 

2 

180 

Transportation 

1,020 

5 

975 

12 

868 

Heating degree days (gas distribution service area): 

North Carolina 

3,009 

2 

2,947 

8 

2,734 

Ohio and West Virginia 

5,514 

8 

5,121 

(1) 

5,148 

Utah, Wyoming, and Idaho 

5,170 

6 

4,874 

(2) 

4,973 

Average gas distribution customer accounts (thousands): 

Sales 

1,944 

1,935 

2 

1,897 

Transportation 

1,131 

1,131 

1 

1,123 

(1) Includes Hope through August 2022. 

70 
 
 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Gas Distribution s net income contribution: 
 2022 VS. 2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Weather 

4 

Customer usage and other factors 

36 

0.04 

Base rate case impacts 

29 

0.04 

Rider equity return 

25 

0.03 

Wexpro cost saving sharing incentives 

21 

0.03 

Sale of Hope 

(11) 

(0.01) 

Interest expense, net 

(16) 

(0.02) 

Other 

9 

0.01 

Share dilution 

(0.01) 

Change in net income contribution 

97 

0.11 

2021 VS. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Weather 

Customer usage and other factors 

24 

0.03 

Base rate case impacts 

7 

0.01 

Rider equity return 

40 

0.05 

Salaries, wages and benefits administrative costs 

(8) 

(0.01) 

Interest expense, net 

12 

0.01 

Other 

(35) 

(0.04) 

Share accretion 

0.02 

Change in net income contribution 

40 

0.07 

Dominion Energy South Carolina 
 Presented below are selected operating statistics related to Dominion Energy South Carolina s operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

Electricity delivered (million MWh) 

23.0 

3 

22.4 

1 

22.1 

Electricity supplied (million MWh) 

24.1 

3 

23.5 

2 

23.0 

Degree days (electric and gas distribution service areas): 

Cooling 

767 

(11) 

859 

8 

794 

Heating 

1,294 

1 

1,280 

19 

1,074 

Average electric distribution customer accounts (thousands) 

777 

1 

766 

2 

753 

Gas distribution throughput (bcf): 

Sales 

68 

(6) 

72 

9 

66 

Average gas distribution customer accounts (thousands) 

427 

4 

412 

3 

399 

71 
 
 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Dominion Energy South Carolina s net income contribution: 
 2022 VS. 2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Weather 

21 

0.03 

Customer usage and other factors 

38 

0.05 

Customer-elected rate impacts 

14 

0.02 

Base rate case Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act impacts 

22 

0.03 

Capital cost rider 

(8) 

(0.01) 

Gains on sales of property 

17 

0.02 

Depreciation and amortization 

(15) 

(0.02) 

Interest expense, net 

(16) 

(0.02) 

Other 

(5) 

(0.02) 

Share dilution 

(0.01) 

Change in net income contribution 

68 

0.07 

2021 VS. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Weather 

(6) 

(0.01) 

Customer usage and other factors 

34 

0.04 

Customer-elected rate impacts 

10 

0.01 

Base rate case Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act impacts 

13 

0.02 

Capital cost rider 

(6) 

(0.01) 

Depreciation and amortization 

(9) 

(0.01) 

Interest expense, net 

7 

0.01 

Salaries, wages and benefits administrative costs 

(46) 

(0.06) 

Other 

21 

0.02 

Share accretion 

0.02 

Change in net income contribution 

18 

0.03 

Contracted Assets 
 Presented below are selected operating statistics related to Contracted Asset s operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

Electricity supplied (million MWh) 

17.8 

(14) 

20.8 

8 

19.3 

Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Contracted Asset s net income contribution: 
 2022 VS. 2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Margin (1) 

11 

0.01 

Sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 

(20) 

(0.02) 

Planned outage costs 

(19) 

(0.02) 

Renewable energy investment tax credits 

(29) 

(0.04) 

Interest expense, net 

(50) 

(0.06) 

Other 

11 

0.02 

Share dilution 

(0.01) 

Change in net income contribution 

(96) 

(0.12) 

(1) Includes earnings associated with a 50 noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. 

72 
 
 2021 VS. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) 

Amount 

EPS 

(millions, except EPS) 

Margin (1) 

28 

0.03 

Planned outage costs 

33 

0.04 

Renewable energy investment tax credits 

(43) 

(0.05) 

Absence of contract associated with Fowler Ridge 

14 

0.02 

Other 

(3) 

Share accretion 

0.01 

Change in net income contribution 

29 

0.05 

(1) Includes earnings associated with a 50 noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. 

Corporate and Other 
 Presented below are the Corporate and Other segment s after-tax results: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions, except EPS) 

Specific items attributable to operating segments 

(2,777) 

(493) 

(1,241) 

Specific items attributable to Corporate and Other segment 

266 

590 

(2,166) 

Total specific items 

(2,511) 

97 

(3,407) 

Other corporate operations: 

Interest expense, net 

(329) 

(410) 

(384) 

Other 

289 

214 

118 

Total other corporate operations 

(40) 

(196) 

(266) 

Total net expense 

(2,551) 

(99) 

(3,673) 

EPS impact 

(3.22) 

(0.20) 

(4.51) 

Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s primary operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments performance or in allocating resources. See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of these items in more detail. Corporate and Other also includes specific items attributable to the Corporate and Other segment. In 2022, this primarily included a 255 million after-tax benefit for derivative mark-to-market changes. In 2021, this primarily included 641 million of net income from discontinued operations, primarily associated with the Q-Pipe Group, a 64 million after-tax benefit for derivative mark-to-market changes, 62 million of after-tax charges for workplace realignment, primarily related to a corporate office lease termination, and 32 million of after-tax charges for merger and integration-related costs associated with the SCANA Combination. In 2020, this primarily included 2.2 billion of after-tax loss associated with discontinued operations, including the results of operations of the entities included in the GT S and Q-Pipe Transactions as well as charges associated with the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project, 82 million of after-tax charges for merger and integration-related costs associated with the SCANA Combination, a 78 million after-tax benefit of derivative mark-to-market changes and a 69 million tax benefit associated with the GT S Transaction. 
 
 OUTLOOK 
 Dominion Energy s 2023 net income is expected to increase on a per share basis as compared to 2022 primarily from the following: 
 The absence of a charge associated with the impairment of certain nonregulated solar generation facilities; 

The absence of losses associated with the sale of Kewaunee; 

The absence of charges for certain Virginia Power RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates; 

The absence of a charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement associated with Virginia fuel expenses; and 

Construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility and gas distribution operations. 

These increases are expected to be partially offset by the following: 
 A decrease in investment tax credits associated with nonregulated solar generation facilities; 

An increase in interest expense; 

73 
 
 An increase in planned outage days at Millstone; and 

An increase in depreciation and amortization expense. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Dominion Energy depends on both cash generated from operations and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital and as a bridge to long-term financings. Dominion Energy s material cash requirements include capital and investment expenditures, repaying short-term and long-term debt obligations and paying dividends on its common and preferred stock. 
 
 Analysis of Cash Flows 
 Presented below are selected amounts related to Dominion Energy s cash flows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at beginning of year 

408 

247 

269 

Cash flows provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

3,700 

4,037 

5,227 

Investing activities 

(6,746) 

(6,247) 

(2,916) 

Financing activities 

2,979 

2,371 

(2,333) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash and equivalents 

(67) 

161 

(22) 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at end of year 

341 

408 

247 

Operating Cash Flows 
 Net cash provided by Dominion Energy's operating activities decreased 337 million, inclusive of a 201 million decrease from discontinued operations. Net cash provided by continuing operations decreased 136 million, primarily due to lower deferred fuel cost recoveries 1.1 billion), current year refund payments to Virginia electric customers associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review 319 million) and changes in working capital 628 million), partially offset by lower margin deposits 862 million) and an increase of 1.0 billion primarily as the result of higher operating cash flows from electric utility and gas distribution operations driven by riders, customer usage and other factors. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 Net cash used in Dominion Energy s investing activities increased 499 million, primarily due to an increase in plant construction and other property additions 1.6 billion) and the absence of proceeds from the sale of Q-Pipe Group 1.5 billion) and the sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 495 million), partially offset by the absence of the repayment of the Q-Pipe Transaction deposit 1.3 billion), a decrease in contributions to equity method affiliates including Atlantic Coast Pipeline 978 million) and net proceeds from the sale of Hope 727 million). 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 Net cash provided by Dominion Energy's financing activities increased 608 million primarily due to settlement of the stock purchase contract component of the 2019 Equity Units 1.6 billion), higher net issuances of long-term debt 927 million) and higher net supplemental credit facility borrowings 450 million), partially offset by the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock 1.6 billion) in 2022 and the absence of the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock 742 million) in 2021. 
 Credit Facilities and Short-Term Debt 
 Dominion Energy generally uses proceeds from short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, to satisfy short-term cash requirements not met through cash from operations. The levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending on the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. A description of Dominion Energy s primary available sources of short-term liquidity follows. 
 
 74 
 
 Joint Revolving Credit Facility 
 Dominion Energy maintains a 6.0 billion joint revolving credit facility which provides for a discount in the pricing of certain annual fees and amounts borrowed by Dominion Energy under the facility if Dominion Energy achieves certain annual renewable electric generation and diversity and inclusion objectives. 
 Dominion Energy s commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under its credit facility were as follows: 

Facility Limit 

Outstanding Commercial Paper (1) 

Outstanding Letters of Credit 

Facility Capacity Available 

(millions) 

At December 31, 2022 

Joint revolving credit facility (2) 

6,000 

3,076 

202 

2,722 

(1) The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper supported by Dominion Energy s credit facility was 4.73 at December 31, 2022. 

(2) This credit facility matures in June 2026, with the potential to be extended by the borrowers to June 2028, and can be used by the borrowers under the credit facility to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to a combined 2.0 billion of letters of credit. 

Dominion Energy Reliability Investment SM Program 
 Dominion Energy has an effective registration statement with the SEC for the sale of up to 3.0 billion of variable denomination floating rate demand notes, called Dominion Energy Reliability Investment SM . The registration limits the principal amount that may be outstanding at any one time to 1.0 billion. The notes are offered on a continuous basis and bear interest at a floating rate per annum determined by the Dominion Energy Reliability Investment Committee, or its designee, on a weekly basis. The notes have no stated maturity date, are non-transferable and may be redeemed in whole or in part by Dominion Energy or at the investor s option at any time. At December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets include 347 million presented within short-term debt, with a weighted-average interest rate of 4.24 . The proceeds are used for general corporate purposes and to repay debt. 
 Other Facilities 
 In addition to the primary sources of short-term liquidity discussed above, from time to time Dominion Energy enters into separate supplementary credit facilities or term loans as discussed in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In January 2023, Dominion Energy entered into a 2.5 billion 364-Day term loan facility which bears interest at a variable rate and will mature in January 2024 with the proceeds to be used to repay existing long-term debt and short-term debt upon maturity and for other general corporate purposes. Concurrently, Dominion Energy borrowed an initial 1.0 billion with the proceeds used to repay long-term debt. Dominion Energy may make up to two additional borrowings under this agreement through March 31, 2023, at which point any unused capacity will cease to be available to Dominion Energy. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 Sustainability Revolving Credit Facility 
 Dominion Energy maintains a 900 million Sustainability Revolving Credit Facility which matures in 2024 and bears interest at a variable rate. The facility offers a reduced interest rate margin with respect to borrowed amounts allocated to certain environmental sustainability or social investment initiatives. In May 2022, Dominion Energy borrowed 900 million with the proceeds used to support environmental sustainability and social investment initiatives 450 million) and for general corporate purposes 450 million). In June 2022, Dominion Energy repaid 450 million borrowed for general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had 450 million outstanding under this supplemental credit facility. 
 Issuances and Borrowings of Long-Term Debt 
 During 2022, Dominion Energy issued or borrowed the following long-term debt. Unless otherwise noted, the proceeds were used for the repayment of existing long-term indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 75 

Month 
 
 Type 
 
 Public / Private 
 
 Entity 
 
 Principal 

Rate 

Stated Maturity 

(millions) 

January 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Virginia Power 

600 

2.400 

2032 

January 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Virginia Power 

400 

2.950 

2051 

May 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Virginia Power 

600 

3.750 

2027 

May 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Virginia Power 

600 

4.625 

2052 

August 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Dominion Energy 

400 

4.350 

2032 

August 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Dominion Energy 

600 

4.850 

2052 

August 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Private 
 
 Questar Gas 

125 

4.390 

2032 

August 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Private 
 
 Questar Gas 

125 

4.700 

2052 

November 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Public 
 
 Dominion Energy 

850 

5.375 

2032 

December 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Private 
 
 East Ohio 

250 

6.190 

2032 

December 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Private 
 
 East Ohio 

250 

6.380 

2052 

Total issuances and borrowings 

4,800 

Dominion Energy currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under SEC rules governing the registration, communications and offering processes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration process to provide registrants with timely access to capital. This allows Dominion Energy to use automatic shelf registration statements to register any offering of securities, other than those for exchange offers or business combination transactions. 
 As the comprehensive business review announced in November 2022 is still in progress, Dominion Energy is uncertain as to the amount of long-term debt it anticipates issuing in 2023. Dominion Energy expects to issue long-term debt to satisfy cash needs for capital expenditures and maturing long-term debt to the extent such amounts are not satisfied from cash available from operations following the payment of dividends and any borrowings made from unused capacity of Dominion Energy s credit facilities discussed above. The raising of external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the SEC for certain issuances. 
 Repayments, Repurchases and Redemptions of Long-Term Debt 
 Dominion Energy may from time to time reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest expense through redemption of debt securities prior to maturity or repurchases of debt securities in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or otherwise. 
 The following long-term debt was repaid, repurchased or redeemed in 2022: 

Month 
 
 Type 
 
 Entity 
 
 Principal 
 
 (1) 
 Rate 

Stated Maturity 

(millions) 

Debt scheduled to mature in 2022 

806 

various 

Early repurchases redemptions 

July 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Dominion Energy 

5 

4.250 

2028 

Multiple 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Dominion Energy 

147 

2.250 

2031 

Multiple 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Dominion Energy 

35 

3.300 

2041 

Multiple 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Dominion Energy 

37 

1.450 

2026 

Multiple 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Dominion Energy 

9 

4.700 

2044 

Multiple 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 Dominion Energy 

30 

4.600 

2049 

Total repayments, repurchases and redemptions 

1,069 

(1) Total amount redeemed prior to maturity includes remaining outstanding principal plus accrued interest. 

See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding scheduled maturities and other cancellations of Dominion Energy s long-term debt, including related average interest rates. 
 Remarketing of Long-Term Debt 
 In April 2022, Virginia Power remarketed two series of tax-exempt bonds, with an aggregate outstanding principal of approximately 138 million to new investors. Both bonds will bear interest at a coupon of 1.65 until May 2024, after which they will bear interest at a market rate to be determined at that time. 
 
 76 
 
 In October 2022, Dominion Energy remarketed its 27 million Peninsula Ports Authority of Virginia Coal Terminal Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2003 due in 2033 to new investors. The bonds will bear interest at a coupon rate of 3.80 until October 2024, after which they will bear interest at a market rate to be determined at that time. 
 In 2023, Dominion Energy expects to remarket approximately 160 million of its tax-exempt bonds. 
 Credit Ratings 
 Dominion Energy s credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it is able to offer its debt securities. The credit ratings for Dominion Energy are affected by its financial profile, mix of regulated and nonregulated businesses and respective cash flows, changes in methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if applicable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions. 
 Credit ratings and outlooks as of February 17, 2023 are as follows: 

Fitch 
 
 Moody's 
 
 Standard Poor's 

Dominion Energy 

Issuer 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 Baa2 
 
 BBB+ 

Senior unsecured debt securities 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 Baa2 
 
 BBB 

Junior subordinated notes 
 
 BBB 
 
 Baa3 
 
 BBB 

Enhanced junior subordinated notes 
 
 BBB- 
 
 Baa3 
 
 BBB- 

Preferred stock 
 
 BBB- 
 
 Ba1 
 
 BBB- 

Commercial paper 
 
 F2 
 
 P-2 
 
 A-2 

Outlook 
 
 Stable 
 
 Stable 
 
 Stable 

A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the applicable rating organization. 
 
 Financial Covenants 
 As part of borrowing funds and issuing both short-term and long-term debt or preferred securities, Dominion Energy must enter into enabling agreements. These agreements contain customary covenants that, in the event of default, could result in the acceleration of principal and interest payments; restrictions on distributions related to capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments; and in some cases, the termination of credit commitments unless a waiver of such requirements is agreed to by the lenders/security holders. These provisions are customary, with each agreement specifying which covenants apply. These provisions are not necessarily unique to Dominion Energy. 
 Dominion Energy is required to pay annual commitment fees to maintain its joint revolving credit facility. In addition, the credit agreement contains various terms and conditions that could affect Dominion Energy s ability to borrow under the facility. They include a maximum debt to total capital ratio, which is also included in Dominion Energy s Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement entered into in 2021 and 364-Day term loan facility entered into in January 2023, and cross-default provisions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, was as follows: 

Company 
 
 Maximum Allowed Ratio 

Actual Ratio (1) 

Dominion Energy 

67.5 

59.7 

(1) Indebtedness as defined by the agreements excludes certain junior subordinated notes reflected as long-term debt as well as AOCI reflected as equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Capital is inclusive of preferred stock whether classified as equity or mezzanine equity. 

If Dominion Energy or any of its material subsidiaries fails to make payment on various debt obligations in excess of 100 million, the lenders could require the defaulting company, if it is a borrower under Dominion Energy s joint revolving credit facility, to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings and the lenders could terminate their commitments, if any, to lend funds to that company under the credit facility. In addition, if the defaulting company is Virginia Power, Dominion Energy s obligations to repay any outstanding borrowing under the credit facility could also be accelerated and the lenders commitments to Dominion Energy could terminate. 
 Dominion Energy monitors compliance with these covenants on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will not occur. As of December 31, 2022, there have been no events of default under Dominion Energy s covenants. 
 
 77 
 
 Common Stock, Preferred Stock and Other Equity Securities 
 Issuances of Equity Securities 
 Dominion Energy maintains Dominion Energy Direct and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in Dominion Energy s common stock. These shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In 2021, Dominion Energy began issuing new shares of common stock for these direct stock purchase plans. During 2022, Dominion Energy issued 2.4 million of such shares and received proceeds of 179 million. 
 Dominion Energy also maintains sales agency agreements to effect sales under an at-the-market program. Under the sales agency agreements, Dominion Energy may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of its common stock through the sales agents or enter into one or more forward sale agreements with respect to shares of its common stock. Sales by Dominion Energy through the sales agents or by forward sellers pursuant to a forward sale agreement cannot exceed 1.0 billion in the aggregate. In November 2021, Dominion Energy entered forward sale agreements for approximately 1.1 million shares of its common stock to be settled by November 2022 at an initial forward price of 74.66 per share. Except in certain circumstances, Dominion Energy could have elected physical, cash or net settlement of the forward sale agreements. In November 2022, Dominion Energy provided notice to elect physical settlement of the forward sale agreements and in December 2022 received total proceeds of 78 million. 
 In addition, Dominion Energy issued shares of its common and preferred stock, as discussed in Notes 19 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively, as follows: 
 In May 2022, Dominion Energy issued 0.9 million shares of its common stock, valued at 72 million, to partially satisfy DESC s remaining obligation under a settlement agreement with the SCDOR discussed in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In June 2022, Dominion Energy issued 0.4 million shares of its common stock, valued at 30 million, to partially satisfy its obligation under a settlement agreement for the State Court Merger Case discussed in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In June 2022, Dominion Energy issued 19.4 million shares to settle the stock purchase contract component of the 2019 Equity Units and received proceeds of 1.6 billion. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

As the comprehensive business review announced in November 2022 is still in progress, Dominion Energy is uncertain as to the amount of common stock that it anticipates issuing in 2023, including through its at-the-market program. However, Dominion Energy anticipates raising similar amounts of capital through Dominion Energy Direct in 2023 compared to 2022 and 2021. The raising of external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the SEC for certain issuances. 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 In November 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0 billion of Dominion Energy s common stock. This repurchase program does not include a specific timetable or price or volume targets and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time. Shares may be purchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at the discretion of management subject to prevailing market conditions, applicable securities laws and other factors. At December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had 920 million of available capacity under this authorization. 
 Dominion Energy does not plan to repurchase shares of common stock in 2023, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which does not impact the available capacity under its stock repurchase authorization. 
 In September 2022, Dominion Energy redeemed all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for 1.6 billion. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Dominion Energy s historical capital expenditures by segment. Dominion Energy included its total annual planned capital expenditures by each segment for 2022 through 2026 in Item 7. MD A in the Companies Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. As disclosed therein, Dominion Energy s total planned capital expenditures were 10.3 billion for 2023, 10.7 billion for 2024, 10.6 billion for 2025 and 7.7 billion for 2026 based on a capital expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by Dominion Energy s Board of Directors in December 2021. As a result of the comprehensive business review announced in November 2022, Dominion Energy has not completed an update to its previous plan and, as discussed in Future Issues and Other Matters , the implementation of the 
 
 78 
 
 recommendations could result in a material adjustment to capital allocations. Currently, Dominion Energy expects the total planned capital expenditures for 2023 to be substantially consistent with the previously disclosed amount. In addition, Dominion Energy expects its next capital expenditures plan to reflect an acceleration of electric transmission projects within Dominion Energy Virginia to serve the rapidly growing data center customer demand and a decreased investment in new nonregulated solar generation facilities within Contracted Assets. 
 
 Dominion Energy s planned growth expenditures are subject to approval by the Board of Directors as well as potentially by regulatory bodies based on the individual project and are expected to include significant investments in support of its clean energy profile. See Dominion Energy Virginia, Gas Distribution, Dominion Energy South Carolina and Contracted Assets in Item 1. Business for additional discussion of various significant capital projects currently under development. The estimates disclosed above are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary from these estimates. Dominion Energy may also choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances. 
 
 Dividends 
 Dominion Energy believes that its operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. In December 2022, Dominion Energy s Board of Directors established an annual dividend rate for 2023 of 2.67 per share of common stock, consistent with the 2022 rate. Dividends are subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. In February 2023, Dominion Energy s Board of Directors declared dividends payable in March 2023 of 66.75 cents per share of common stock. 
 See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of Dominion Energy s outstanding preferred stock and associated dividend rates. 
 Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions 
 Certain of Dominion Energy s subsidiaries may, from time to time, be subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulators or financing arrangements on their ability to pay dividends, or to advance or repay funds, to Dominion Energy. At December 31, 2022, these restrictions did not have a significant impact on Dominion Energy s ability to pay dividends on its common or preferred stock or meet its other cash obligations. 
 See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of such restrictions and any other restrictions on Dominion Energy s ability to pay dividends. 
 Collateral and Credit Risk 
 Collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, Dominion Energy s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties. In connection with commodity hedging activities, Dominion Energy is required to provide collateral to counterparties under some circumstances. Under certain collateral arrangements, Dominion Energy may satisfy these requirements by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some cases, utilize other forms of security. From time to time, Dominion Energy may vary the form of collateral provided to counterparties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors associated with the different forms of collateral. These factors include short-term borrowing and short-term investment rates, the spread over these short-term rates at which Dominion Energy can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other counterparties and overall liquidity management objectives. 
 Dominion Energy s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price risk management activities. Presented below is a summary of Dominion Energy s credit exposure as of December 31, 2022 for these activities. Gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights. 

Gross Credit Exposure 

Credit Collateral 

Net Credit Exposure 

(millions) 

Investment grade (1) 

191 

191 

Non-Investment grade (2) 

37 

20 

17 

No external ratings: 

Internally rated investment grade (3) 

58 

58 

Internally rated non-investment grade (4) 

28 

13 

15 

Total 

314 

33 

281 

79 

(1) Designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit ratings assigned by Moody s and Standard Poor s. The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 51 of the total net credit exposure. 

(2) The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 6 of the total net credit exposure. 

(3) The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 21 of the total net credit exposure. 

(4) The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 3 of the total net credit exposure. 

Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments 
 Dominion Energy is party to various contracts for fuel and purchased power commitments related to both its regulated and nonregulated operations. Total estimated costs for such commitments at December 31, 2022 are presented in the table below. These costs represent estimated minimum obligations for various purchased power and capacity agreements and actual costs may differ from amounts presented below depending on actual quantities purchased and prices paid. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

(millions) 

Purchased electric capacity for utility operations 

71 

70 

70 

72 

73 

356 

Fuel commitments for utility operations 

1,669 

995 

599 

185 

184 

3,632 

Fuel commitments for nonregulated operations 

198 

133 

46 

37 

50 

464 

Pipeline transportation and storage 

668 

587 

489 

427 

376 

2,547 

Total 

2,606 

1,785 

1,204 

721 

683 

6,999 

Other Material Cash Requirements 
 In addition to the financing arrangements discussed above, Dominion Energy is party to numerous contracts and arrangements obligating it to make cash payments in future years. Dominion Energy expects current liabilities to be paid within the next twelve months. In addition to the items already discussed, the following represent material expected cash requirements recorded on Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. Such obligations include: 
 Operating and financing lease obligations See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; 

Regulatory liabilities See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; 

AROs See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; 

Employee benefit plan obligations See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; and 

Charitable commitments See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In addition, Dominion Energy is party to contracts and arrangements which may require it to make material cash payments in future years that are not recorded on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such obligations include: 
 Off-balance sheet leasing arrangements See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; and 

Guarantees See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

FUTURE ISSUES AND OTHER MATTERS 
 See Item 1. Business and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on various environmental, regulatory, legal and other matters that may impact future results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 Business Review 
 In November 2022, Dominion Energy announced the commencement of a business review of value-maximizing strategic business actions, alternatives to its current business mix and capital allocation and regulatory options which may assist customers to manage costs and provide greater predictability to its long-term, state-regulated utility value proposition. While the ultimate impacts cannot be estimated until the review is completed, which is expected in 2023, implementation of recommendations resulting from the business review could have a material impact on Dominion Energy's future results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 Potential Virginia Legislation 
 The 2023 General Assembly session in Virginia has included several proposals which, if ultimately enacted into law, could have a material impact on Virginia Power s retail base rates and other cost-recovery mechanisms. Items under consideration include the frequency of base rate reviews, eliminating CCROs, shifting recovery of certain costs currently recovered through riders into base 
 
 80 
 
 rates and adjusting the parameters for determining an acceptable ROE and revenue sharing. Other topics include securitization of deferred fuel costs, offshore wind financing and small modular reactors. As the legislative process remains underway, Dominion Energy is unable to estimate the potential financial statement impacts related to matters currently under consideration by the Virginia General Assembly, but there could be a material impact to its results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 Future Environmental Regulations 
 Climate Change 
 The federal government and several states in which Dominion Energy operates have announced a commitment to achieving carbon reduction goals. In February 2021, the U.S. rejoined the Paris Agreement, which establishes a universal framework for addressing GHG emissions. States may also enact legislation relating to climate change matters such as the reduction of GHG emissions and renewable energy portfolio standards, similar to the VCEA. To the extent legislation is enacted at the federal or state level that is more restrictive than the VCEA and/or Dominion Energy s commitment to achieving net zero emissions by 2050, compliance with such legislation could have a material impact to Dominion Energy s financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 
 State Actions Related to Air and GHG Emissions 
 In August 2017, the Ozone Transport Commission released a draft model rule for control of NO X emissions from natural gas pipeline compressor fuel-fire prime movers. States within the ozone transport region, including states in which Dominion Energy has natural gas operations, are expected to develop reasonably achievable control technology rules for existing sources based on the Ozone Transport Commission model rule. States outside of the Ozone Transport Commission may also consider the model rules in setting new reasonably achievable control technology standards. Several states in which Dominion Energy operates, including Virginia and Ohio, are developing or have announced plans to develop state-specific regulations to control GHG emissions, including methane. Dominion Energy cannot currently estimate the potential financial statement impacts related to these matters, but there could be a material impact to its financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 The IRA includes provisions which impose an annual fee for waste methane emissions from the oil and natural gas industry beginning with emissions reported in calendar year 2024 to the extent that an entity s emissions exceed a stated threshold, with implementation to be addressed by future rulemaking by the EPA. Pending the completion of such rulemaking, Dominion Energy currently does not expect these provisions to materially affect its future results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 
 PHMSA Regulation 
 The most recent reauthorization of PHMSA included new provisions on historical records research, maximum-allowed operating pressure validation, use of automated or remote-controlled valves on new or replaced lines, increased civil penalties and evaluation of expanding integrity management beyond high-consequence areas. PHMSA has not yet issued new rulemaking on most of these items. 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 The CEA, as amended by Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, requires certain over-the counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk may elect the end-user exception to the CEA s clearing requirements. Dominion Energy utilizes the end-user exception with respect to its swaps. If, as a result of changes to the rulemaking process, Dominion Energy can no longer utilize the end-user exception or otherwise becomes subject to mandatory clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, it could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. In addition, Dominion Energy s swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with changes to the rulemaking process. Due to the evolving rulemaking process, Dominion Energy is currently unable to assess the potential impact of the Dodd-Frank Act s derivative-related provisions on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

81 
 
 North Anna 
 Virginia Power is considering the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna. If Virginia Power decides to build a new unit, it would require a Combined Construction Permit and Operating License from the NRC, approval of the Virginia Commission and certain environmental permits and other approvals. In June 2017, the NRC issued the Combined Construction Permit and Operating License. Virginia Power has not yet committed to building a new nuclear unit at North Anna. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Laws 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 The IRA imposes a 15 alternative minimum tax on GAAP net income, as adjusted for certain items, of corporations in excess of 1 billion, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Entities that are subject to the alternative minimum tax may use tax credits to reduce the liability by up to 75 and will receive a tax credit carryforward with an indefinite life that can be claimed against the regular tax in future years. Pending additional guidance, the alternative minimum tax is not expected to have an effect on the assessment of the realizability of Dominion Energy s deferred tax assets or a material impact on Dominion Energy s future results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 82 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The matters discussed in this Item may contain forward-looking statements as described in the introductory paragraphs of Item 7. MD A. The reader s attention is directed to those paragraphs and Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of various risks and uncertainties that may impact the Companies. 
 MARKET RISK SENSITIVE INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
 The Companies financial instruments, commodity contracts and related financial derivative instruments are exposed to potential losses due to adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity security prices as described below. Commodity price risk is present in the Companies electric operations and Dominion Energy s natural gas procurement and marketing operations due to the exposure to market shifts in prices received and paid for electricity, natural gas and other commodities. The Companies use commodity derivative contracts to manage price risk exposures for these operations. Interest rate risk is generally related to their outstanding debt and future issuances of debt. In addition, the Companies are exposed to investment price risk through various portfolios of equity and debt securities. The Companies exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk is related to certain fixed price contracts associated with the CVOW Commercial Project which it manages through foreign currency exchange rate derivatives. The contracts include services denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar for approximately 2.6 billion and 5.1 billion kr. In addition, certain of the fixed price contracts, approximately 0.7 billion, contain commodity indexing provisions linked to steel. 
 The following sensitivity analysis estimates the potential loss of future earnings or fair value from market risk sensitive instruments over a selected time period due to a 10 change in commodity prices or interest rates. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 To manage price risk, the Companies hold commodity-based derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated with purchases and sales of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related products. 
 The derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are executed within established policies and procedures and may include instruments such as futures, forwards, swaps, options and FTRs that are sensitive to changes in the related commodity prices. For sensitivity analysis purposes, the hypothetical change in market prices of commodity-based derivative instruments is determined based on models that consider the market prices of commodities in future periods, the volatility of the market prices in each period, as well as the time value factors of the derivative instruments. Prices and volatility are principally determined based on observable market prices. 
 A hypothetical 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease of 52 million and 16 million in the fair value of Dominion Energy s commodity-based derivative instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 A hypothetical 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease of 25 million and 6 million in the fair value of Virginia Power s commodity-based derivative instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The impact of a change in energy commodity prices on the Companies commodity-based derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net losses from commodity-based financial derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction, such as revenue from physical sales of the commodity. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Companies manage their interest rate risk exposure predominantly by maintaining a balance of fixed and variable rate debt. They also enter into interest rate sensitive derivatives, including interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements. For variable rate debt outstanding for Dominion Energy, a hypothetical 10 increase in market interest rates would result in a 37 million and 6 million decrease in earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For variable rate debt outstanding for Virginia Power, a hypothetical 10 increase in market interest rates would result in a 14 million and less than 1 million decrease in earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Companies also use interest rate derivatives, including forward-starting swaps, interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements to manage interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had 12.7 billion and 3.6 billion, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding. A hypothetical 10 decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of 274 million and 156 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, Dominion Energy and 
 
 83 
 
 Virginia Power had 11.4 billion and 2.8 billion, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding. A hypothetical 10 decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of 191 million and 111 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2021. 
 The impact of a change in interest rates on the Companies interest rate-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from interest rate derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 The Companies utilize foreign currency exchange rate swaps to economically hedge the foreign currency exchange risk associated with fixed price contracts related to the CVOW Commercial Project denominated in foreign currencies. As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had 2.9 billion in aggregate notional amounts of these foreign currency forward purchase agreements outstanding. A hypothetical 10 increase in exchange rates would have resulted in a decrease of 284 million in the fair value of Dominion Energy s foreign currency swaps at December 31, 2022. 
 The impact of a change in exchange rates on the Companies foreign currency-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from foreign exchange derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction. 
 Investment Price Risk 
 The Companies are subject to investment price risk due to securities held as investments in nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust funds that are managed by third-party investment managers. These trust funds primarily hold marketable securities that are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. 
 Dominion Energy recognized net investment losses (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of 888 million and net investment gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of 1.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Dominion Energy recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net decrease in unrealized gains on debt investments of 196 million and 64 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Virginia Power recognized net investment losses (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of 426 million and net investment gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of 568 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Virginia Power recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net decrease in unrealized gains on debt investments of 106 million and 31 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Dominion Energy sponsors pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans that hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments. Virginia Power employees participate in these plans. Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement plan assets experienced aggregate actual returns (losses) of (3.0) billion and 1.5 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively, versus expected returns of 1.1 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated and amortized during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans. A hypothetical 0.25 decrease in the assumed long-term rates of return on Dominion Energy s plan assets would result in an increase in the following year's net periodic cost of 26 million and 27 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for pension benefits and 5 million and 6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for other postretirement benefits. 
 
 84 
 
 Risk Management Policies 
 The Companies have established operating procedures with corporate management to ensure that proper internal controls are maintained. In addition, Dominion Energy has established an independent function at the corporate level to monitor compliance with the credit and commodity risk management policies of all subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. Dominion Energy maintains credit policies that include the evaluation of a prospective counterparty s financial condition, collateral requirements where deemed necessary and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty. In addition, Dominion Energy also monitors the financial condition of existing counterparties on an ongoing basis. Based on these credit policies and the Companies December 31, 2022 provision for credit losses, management believes that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on the Companies financial position, results of operations or cash flows would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance. 
 
 85 
 
 Item 8. Financi al Statement s and Supplementary Data 

Page Number 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 90 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 91 

Consolidated Statements of Equity at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended 
 93 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 94 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 95 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 97 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 98 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 99 

Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder s Equity at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended 
 101 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 102 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 103 

86 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dominion Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries Dominion Energy at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dominion Energy at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), Dominion Energy's internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 21, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on Dominion Energy's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of Dominion Energy's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Dominion Energy's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Dominion Energy in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of Rate Regulation on the Consolidated Financial Statements Refer to Notes 2, 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Dominion Energy, through its regulated electric and gas subsidiaries, is subject to rate regulation by certain state public utility commissions and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC (collectively, the relevant commissions which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric utility and natural gas distribution companies. Management has determined its rate-regulated subsidiaries meet the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to apply the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant and equipment, net; regulatory assets; regulatory liabilities; operating revenues; electric fuel and other energy-related purchases; purchased gas; other operations and maintenance expense; depreciation, depletion and amortization expense; and impairment of assets and other charges, collectively, the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 
 Revenue provided by Dominion Energy s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and its gas distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by the relevant commissions. Further, Virginia Electric and Power Company s Virginia Power retail base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are 
 
 87 
 
 reviewed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the Virginia Commission in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power s actual earned return on equity ROE during a historic test period, and determination of Virginia Power s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances, Virginia Power may be required to credit a portion of its earnings to customers. 
 When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. Dominion Energy evaluates whether recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These analyses are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judicial actions; past experience; discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel; forecasted earnings; and considerations around the likelihood of impacts from events such as unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events and other natural disasters, and unplanned outages of facilities. 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. Given management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the relevant commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of the accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the assessment of whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory assets through future rates, and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the initial recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory and legislative developments that may impact the assessment of whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable. 

We evaluated Dominion Energy s disclosures related to the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

We read and evaluated orders issued by the relevant commissions, as well as relevant regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by interveners, existing laws and other publicly available information to assess whether this external information was properly considered by management in concluding upon the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

We considered the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers based on precedents established by the relevant commissions previous orders and Dominion Energy s past experience with the relevant commissions. 

For regulatory matters in process, we inspected associated documents and testimony filed with the relevant commissions for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 

We read and analyzed the minutes of the Boards of Directors of Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy s rate-regulated subsidiaries for discussions of changes in legal, regulatory, or business factors which could impact management s conclusions with respect to the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

/s/ 

February 21, 2023 
 We have served as Dominion Energy s auditor since 1988. 
 
 88 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stat e ments of Income 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions, except per share amounts) 

Operating Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

Purchased electric capacity 

Purchased gas 

Other operations and maintenance 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Other taxes 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

Losses (gains) on sales of assets 

() 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Earnings from equity method investees 

Other income 

Interest and related charges 

Income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net Income From Continuing Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests 

Net Income (Loss) From Discontinued Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests (1)(2) 

() 

Net Income (Loss) Including Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

Amounts attributable to Dominion Energy 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

EPS - Basic 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

EPS - Diluted 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

(1) 

(2) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

89 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 

Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of ), and tax 

() 

Changes in unrealized net gains (losses) on investment securities, net of , and tax 

() 

() 

Changes in net unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs (credits), net of , and tax 

() 

Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): 

Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of ), and tax 

Net realized (gains) losses on investment securities, net of ), and tax 

() 

() 

Net pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of ), and tax 

Changes in other comprehensive income from equity method investees, net of , and tax 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) including noncontrolling interests 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

90 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

At December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

(millions) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of and 

Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of and 

Inventories: 

Materials and supplies 

Fossil fuel 

Gas stored 

Derivative assets 

Margin deposit assets 

Prepayments 

Regulatory assets 

Other 

Current assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Investments 

Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 

Investment in equity method affiliates 

Other 

Total investments 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 

() 

() 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Deferred Charges and Other Assets 

Goodwill 

Pension and other postretirement benefit assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Derivative assets 

Regulatory assets 

Other 

Total deferred charges and other assets 

Total assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

91 

At December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

(millions) 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Securities due within one year 

Short-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

Derivative liabilities 

Regulatory liabilities 

Other (1) 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt 

Junior subordinated notes 

Supplemental credit facility borrowings 

Other 

Total long-term debt 

Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

Regulatory liabilities 

Asset retirement obligations 

Derivative liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred credits and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 23) 

Mezzanine Equity 

Preferred stock (See Note 19) 

Shareholders' Equity 

Preferred stock (See Note 19) 

Common stock no par (2) 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Shareholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and shareholders' equity 

(1) 

(2) billion shares authorized; million shares and million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 92 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated St atements of Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Dominion Energy Shareholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Retained Earnings 
 
 AOCI 
 
 Total Shareholders' Equity 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Total Equity 

(millions except per share amounts) 

December 31, 2019 

() 

Cumulative-effect of changes in accounting principles 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss including noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Issuance of stock 

Stock repurchases 

() 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Stock awards (net of change in unearned compensation) 

Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 

() 

() 

() 

Common dividends per common share) and distributions 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

GT S Transaction closing 

() 
 
 () 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

Issuance of stock 

Stock awards (net of change in unearned compensation) 

Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 

() 

() 

() 

Common dividends per common share) and distributions 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Reclassification of Series A Preferred Stock to Mezzanine Equity 
 
 () 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 

() 
 
 () 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

Issuance of stock 

Stock awards (net of change in unearned compensation) 

Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 

() 

() 

() 

Common dividends per common share) 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 
 
 () 

() 

December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 93 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated St atements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

() 

Gain from sale of Q-Pipe Group and GT S Transaction 

() 

() 

() 

Contribution to pension plan 

() 

Net loss on sale of interest in renewable generation facilities 

Provision for refunds and rate credits to electric utility customers 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

Loss from investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline 

Losses (gains) on sales of assets and equity method investments 

() 

() 

Net (gains) losses on nuclear decommissioning trusts funds and other investments 

() 

() 

Other adjustments 

() 

Changes in: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Deferred fuel and purchased gas costs, net 

() 

() 

Prepayments 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

() 

Margin deposit assets and liabilities 

() 

Net realized and unrealized changes related to derivative activities 

() 

() 

Pension and other postretirement benefits 

() 

() 

() 

Other operating assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Plant construction and other property additions (including nuclear fuel) 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of solar development projects 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of Hope 

Proceeds from GT S Transaction and sale of Q-Pipe Group 

Repayment of Q-Pipe Transaction deposit 

() 

Proceeds from sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 

Proceeds from sales of securities 

Purchases of securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of assets and equity method investments 

Contributions to equity method affiliates 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of equity method investments 

() 

Short-term deposit 

() 

Return of short-term deposit 

Other 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Issuance (repayment) of short-term debt, net 

() 

Issuance of short-term notes 

Repayment and repurchase of short-term notes 

() 

() 

Issuance of supplemental 364-day credit facility borrowings 

Repayment of supplemental 364-day credit facility borrowings 

() 

Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 

Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt (including redemption premiums) 

() 

() 

() 

Supplemental credit facility borrowings 

Supplemental credit facility repayments 

() 

() 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Series A Preferred Stock redemption 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

Common dividend payments 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash and equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at end of period 

See Note 2 for disclosure of supplemental cash flow information. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 94 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Virginia Electric and Power Company (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy, Inc.) and subsidiaries Virginia Power at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, common shareholder's equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Virginia Power at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of Virginia Power's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Virginia Power's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to Virginia Power in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Virginia Power is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Virginia Power s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of Rate Regulation on the Consolidated Financial Statements Refer to Notes 2, 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Virginia Power is subject to utility rate regulation by certain state public utility commissions and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC (collectively, the relevant commissions ), which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric utility companies in the territories Virginia Power serves. Management has determined Virginia Power meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to apply the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures such as property, plant, and equipment, net; regulatory assets; regulatory liabilities; operating revenues; electric fuel and other energy-related purchases; other operations and maintenance expense; depreciation and amortization expense; and impairment of assets and other charges, collectively, the financial statement impacts of rate regulation . 
 Revenue provided by Virginia Power s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations is based on rates approved by the relevant commissions. Further, Virginia Power s retail base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to 
 
 95 
 
 customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the Virginia Commission in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power s actual earned return on equity ROE during a historic test period and determination of Virginia Power s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances, Virginia Power may be required to credit a portion of its earnings to customers. 
 When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. Virginia Power evaluates whether recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These analyses are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judicial actions; past experience; discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel; forecasted earnings; and considerations around the likelihood of impacts from events such as unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events, and other natural disasters, and unplanned outages of facilities. 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. Given management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the relevant commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of the accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the assessment of whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory assets through future rates, and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the initial recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory and legislative developments that may impact the assessment of whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable. 

We evaluated Virginia Power s disclosures related to the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

We read and evaluated orders issued by the relevant commissions, as well as relevant regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by interveners, existing laws and other publicly available information to assess whether this external information was properly considered by management in concluding upon the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

We considered the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers based on precedents established by the relevant commissions previous orders and Virginia Power s past experience with relevant commissions. 

For regulatory matters in process, we inspected associated documents and testimony filed with the relevant commissions for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 

We read and analyzed the minutes of the Board of Directors of Dominion Energy, Inc. and the Board of Directors of Virginia Power, for discussions of changes in legal, regulatory, or business factors which could impact management s conclusions with respect to the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

/s/ 

February 21, 2023 
 
 We have served as Virginia Power's auditor since 1988. 

96 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Income 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating Revenue (1) 

Operating Expenses 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases (1) 

Purchased (excess) capacity 

() 

Other operations and maintenance: 

Affiliated suppliers 

Other 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other taxes 

Impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) 

() 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income 

Interest and related charges (1) 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net Income 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 97 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Consolidated Statements o f Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 

Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of ), and tax 

() 

Changes in unrealized net gains (losses) on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of , and tax 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified to net income: 

Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of ), and tax 

Net realized (gains) losses on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of , and tax 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 98 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

2022 

2021 

(millions) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of and 

Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of at both dates) 

Affiliated receivables 

Inventories (average cost method): 

Materials and supplies 

Fossil fuel 

Derivative assets (1) 

Margin deposit assets 

Prepayments 

Regulatory assets 

Other 

Total current assets 

Investments 

Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 

Other 

Total investments 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Deferred Charges and Other Assets 

Pension and other postretirement benefit assets (1) 

Intangible assets, net 

Regulatory assets 

Other (1) 

Total deferred charges and other assets 

Total assets 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

99 

2022 

2021 

(millions) 

LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Securities due within one year 

Short-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Payables to affiliates 

Affiliated current borrowings 

Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

Asset retirement obligations 

Regulatory liabilities 

Derivative liabilities (1) 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt 

Other 

Total long-term debt 

Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

Asset retirement obligations 

Regulatory liabilities 

Other (1) 

Total deferred credits and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 23) 

Common Shareholder s Equity 

Common stock no par (2) 

Other paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total common shareholder s equity 

Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 

(1) 

(2) shares authorized; shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 100 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Consolidated Statements of C ommon Shareholder s Equity 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Other Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

AOCI 

Total 

(millions, except for shares) 
 
 (thousands) 

December 31, 2019 

() 

Net income 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

December 31, 2021 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 101 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Consolidated Sta tements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

() 

Impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) 

() 

Provision for refunds to customers 

Other adjustments 

() 

Changes in: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Affiliated receivables and payables 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepayments 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred fuel expenses, net 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

() 

() 

Margin deposit assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized changes related to derivative activities 

() 

Other operating assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Plant construction and other property additions 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of nuclear fuel 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of solar development projects 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of securities 

Purchases of securities 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Issuance (repayment) of short-term debt, net 

() 

Issuance of affiliated current borrowings, net 

Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 

Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Common dividend payments to parent 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash and equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at end of year 

See Note 2 for disclosure of supplemental cash flow information. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

102 
 
 Combined Notes to Consolida ted Financial Statements 

primary operating segments: Dominion Energy Virginia, Gas Distribution, Dominion Energy South Carolina and Contracted Assets. Dominion Energy also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) as well as Dominion Energy s noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization. Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the operating segments performance or in allocating resources. In addition, Corporate and Other includes the net impact of discontinued operations consisting of Dominion Energy s gas transmission and storage operations as discussed in Note 3 and its equity investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline as discussed in Note 9. Virginia Power is a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. Virginia Power is a member of PJM, an RTO, and its electric transmission facilities are integrated into the PJM wholesale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power s stock is owned by Dominion Energy. Virginia Power manages its daily operations through primary operating segment: Dominion Energy Virginia. It also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment s performance or in allocating resources. See Note 26 for further discussion of the Companies operating segments. 

interest in certain Dominion Energy nonregulated solar projects (through December 2021) and Brookfield s interest in Cove Point (through November 2020) are reflected as noncontrolling interest in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Certain amounts in the Companies 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes have been reclassified to conform to the 2022 presentation for comparative purposes; however, such reclassifications did not affect the Companies net income, total assets, liabilities, equity or cash flows. Effective in 2021, the Companies updated their Statements of Cash Flows to present net charges for allowance for credit risk and write-offs of accounts receivables within other adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities from the previous presentation within changes in accounts receivable. All prior period information was previously conformed to this presentation, which did not result in a change to net cash provided by operating activities. 
 billion and million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated amounts of electricity and natural gas delivered but not yet billed to its utility customers. Virginia Power s customer receivables at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included million and million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated amounts of electricity delivered but not yet billed to its customers. See Note 25 for amounts attributable to related parties. The primary types of sales and service activities reported as operating revenue for Dominion Energy are as follows: Revenue from Contracts with Customers Regulated electric sales consist primarily of state-regulated retail electric sales, and federally-regulated wholesale electric sales and electric transmission services; 

 Nonregulated electric sales consist primarily of sales of electricity at market-based rates and contracted fixed rates and associated hedging activity as well as sales to Virginia Power customers from non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities; 

 Regulated gas sales consist primarily of state-regulated natural gas sales and related distribution services; 

 Nonregulated gas sales consist primarily of sales of natural gas production at market-based rates and contracted fixed prices, sales of gas purchased from third parties and associated hedging activity; 

 Regulated gas transportation and storage sales consist of state-regulated gas distribution charges to retail distribution service customers opting for alternate suppliers, sales of gathering services and sales of transportation services to off-system customers; 

 Other regulated revenue consists primarily of miscellaneous service revenue from electric and gas distribution operations and sales of excess electric capacity and other commodities; and 

 Other nonregulated revenue consists primarily of sales of commodities related to nonregulated extraction activities and other miscellaneous products. Other nonregulated revenue also includes sales of energy-related products and services from Dominion Energy s retail energy marketing operations (through December 2021), service concession arrangements (through December 2022) and revenue associated with services provided to entities presented in discontinued operations under transition services agreements. 

 Other Revenue Other revenue consists primarily of alternative revenue programs, gains and losses from derivative instruments not subject to hedge accounting and lease revenues. 

 The primary types of sales and service activities reported as operating revenue for Virginia Power are as follows: Revenue from Contracts with Customers Regulated electric sales consist primarily of state-regulated retail electric sales and federally-regulated wholesale electric sales and electric transmission services; 

 Nonregulated electric sales consists of sales to customers from non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities; 

 Other regulated revenue consists primarily of sales of excess capacity and other commodities and miscellaneous service revenue from electric distribution operations; and 

 Other nonregulated revenue consists primarily of revenue from renting space on certain electric transmission poles and distribution towers and service concession arrangements (through October 2022). 

 Other Revenue Other revenue consists primarily of alternative revenue programs, gains and losses from derivative instruments not subject to hedge accounting and lease revenues. 

 The Companies record refunds to customers as required by state commissions as a reduction to regulated electric sales or regulated gas sales, as applicable. The Companies revenue accounted for under the alternative revenue program guidance primarily consists of the equity return for under-recovery of certain riders. Alternative revenue programs compensate the Companies for certain projects and initiatives. Revenues arising from these programs are presented separately from revenue arising from contracts with customers in the categories above. Revenues from electric and gas sales are recognized over time, as the customers of the Companies consume gas and electricity as it is delivered. Fixed fees are recognized ratably over the life of the contract as the stand-ready performance obligation is satisfied, while variable usage fees are recognized when Dominion Energy has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the performance obligation completed to date. Sales of products and services typically transfer control and are recognized as revenue upon delivery of the product or service. The customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from, the product at the time the product is delivered. The contract with the customer states the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity and price of each product or service purchased. Payment for most sales and services varies by contract type but is typically due within a month of billing. Operating revenue for the gas transmission and storage operations sold to BHE as part of the GT S Transaction and sold to Southwest Gas as part of the Q-Pipe Group sale primarily consisted of FERC-regulated sales of transmission and storage services, LNG terminalling services, sales of extracted products and associated hedging activities and NGL activities, including gathering and processing and sales of production and condensate as well as services performed for Atlantic Coast Pipeline. This revenue is included in discontinued operations in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. Transportation and storage contracts associated with the operations sold to BHE as part of the GT S Transaction and sold to Southwest Gas as part of the Q-Pipe Group sale were primarily stand-ready service contracts that include fixed reservation and variable usage fees. LNG terminalling services, included in discontinued operations, are also stand-ready service contracts, primarily consisting of fixed fees, offset by service credits associated with the start-up phase of the Liquefaction Facility. NGLs received during natural gas processing are recorded in discontinued operations at fair value as service revenue recognized over time, and revenue continued to be recognized from the subsequent sale of the NGLs to customers upon delivery. 
 
 is subject to Virginia Power s deferred fuel accounting, while substantially all of the remaining amount is subject to recovery through similar mechanisms. Of the cost of fuel used in electric generation and energy purchases to serve South Carolina utility customers, at December 31, 2022, approximately is subject to DESC s deferred fuel accounting. Virtually all of East Ohio, Questar Gas, DESC and PSNC s natural gas purchases are either subject to deferral accounting or are recovered from the customer in the same accounting period as the sale. Dominion Energy can earn certain cost saving sharing incentives under the Wexpro Agreements to the extent that the cost of gas supplied to Questar Gas is a certain amount lower than third-party market rates. In 2022, Dominion Energy recorded million for such incentives. amounts were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 million benefit from the reversal of interest expense and a million benefit from the reversal of penalty expense on uncertain tax positions that were effectively settled. At December 31, 2022, Virginia Power had a net income tax-related affiliated payable of million, comprised of million of federal income taxes payable to, and million of state income taxes receivable from, Dominion Energy. Virginia Power s net affiliated balances are expected to be paid to Dominion Energy. At December 31, 2021, Virginia Power had an income tax-related affiliated receivable of million, comprised of million of federal income taxes and million of state income taxes receivable from Dominion Energy. These affiliated balances were received from Dominion Energy. Investment tax credits are recognized by nonregulated operations in the year qualifying property is placed in service. For regulated operations, investment tax credits are deferred and amortized over the service lives of the properties giving rise to the credits. Production tax credits are recognized as energy is generated and sold. The IRA allows the election of either the investment tax credit or production tax credit for certain technologies including solar and wind. Such election is made on a project-by-project basis and the choice of credit may vary based on a combination of factors including, but not limited to, capital expenditures and net capacity factors. 

Virginia Power 

Restricted Cash and Equivalents The Companies hold restricted cash and equivalent balances that primarily consist of amounts held for litigation settlements, customer deposits, federal assistance funds and future debt payments on SBL Holdco and Dominion Solar Projects III, Inc. s term loan agreements (through December 2021), on DECP Holdings term loan agreement and on Eagle Solar s senior note agreement. 

Restricted cash and equivalents (2)(3) 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Virginia Power 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and equivalents (3) 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(1) million and million of cash and cash equivalents included in current assets held for sale, respectively. amounts were included in current assets held for sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 (2) million and million of restricted cash and equivalents included in current assets held for sale , respectively. amounts were included in current assets held for sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 (3) 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Income taxes 

Significant noncash investing and financing activities: (1)(2) 

Accrued capital expenditures 

Leases (3) 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) million of finance leases and million of operating leases entered in 2022, million of finance leases and million of operating leases entered in 2021 and million of finance leases and million of operating leases entered in 2020. 

 The following table provides supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to Virginia Power: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Cash paid (received) during the year for: 

Interest and related charges, excluding capitalized amounts 

Income taxes 

() 

Significant noncash investing activities: (1) 

Accrued capital expenditures 

Leases (2) 

(1) 

 (2) million of finance leases and million of operating leases entered in 2022, million of finance leases and million of operating leases entered in 2021 and million of finance leases entered in 2020. 

Distributions from Equity Method Investees Dominion Energy holds investments that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and classifies distributions from equity method investees as either cash flows from operating activities or cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows according to the nature of the distribution. Distributions received are classified on the basis of the nature of the activity of the investee that generated the distribution as either a return on investment (classified as cash flows from operating activities) or a return of an investment (classified as cash flows from investing activities) when such information is available to Dominion Energy. 
 Fair Value Measurements For options and contracts with option-like characteristics where observable pricing information is not available from external sources, the Companies generally use a modified Black-Scholes Model that considers time value, the volatility of the underlying commodities and other relevant assumptions when estimating fair value. The Companies use other option models under special circumstances, including but not limited to Spread Approximation Model and a Swing Option Model. For contracts with unique characteristics, the Companies may estimate fair value using a discounted cash flow approach deemed appropriate in the circumstances and applied consistently from period to period. For individual contracts, the use of different valuation models or assumptions could have a significant effect on the contract s estimated fair value. 
 Levels The Companies also utilize the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels: Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that they have the ability to access at the measurement date. Instruments categorized in Level 1 primarily consist of financial instruments such as certain exchange-traded derivatives and exchange-listed equities, U.S. and international equity securities, mutual funds and certain Treasury securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds for the Companies and benefit plan trust funds and rabbi trust funds for Dominion Energy. 

 Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability and inputs that are derived from observable market data by correlation or other means. Instruments categorized in Level 2 primarily include commodity forwards and swaps, interest rate swaps, foreign currency exchange rate instruments and cash and cash equivalents, corporate debt instruments, government securities and other fixed income investments held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds for the Companies and benefit plan trust funds and rabbi trust funds for Dominion Energy. 

 Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, including situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Instruments categorized in Level 3 for the Companies consist of long-dated commodity derivatives, FTRs, certain natural gas options and other modeled commodity derivatives. 

 The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In these cases, the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value measurement in its entirety determines the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. Alternative investments, consisting of investments in partnerships, joint ventures and other alternative investments held in nuclear decommissioning and benefit plan trust funds, are generally valued using NAV based on the proportionate share of the fair value as determined by reference to the most recent audited fair value financial statements or fair value statements provided by the investment manager adjusted for any significant events occurring between the investment manager s and the Companies measurement date. Alternative investments recorded at NAV are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. Transfers out of Level 3 represent assets and liabilities that were previously classified as Level 3 for which the inputs became observable for classification in either Level 1 or Level 2. Because the activity and liquidity of commodity markets vary substantially between regions and time periods, the availability of observable inputs for substantially the full term and value of the Companies over-the-counter derivative contracts is subject to change. 
 million and million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Dominion Energy had no margin liabilities associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Virginia Power had margin assets of million and million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Virginia Power had margin liabilities associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives. To manage price and interest rate risk, the Companies hold derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. However, to the extent the Companies do not hold offsetting positions for such derivatives, they believe these instruments represent economic hedges that mitigate their exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices or interest rates. All income statement activity, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in operating revenue, operating expenses, interest and related charges or discontinued operations based on the nature of the underlying risk. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation. Realized gains or losses on the derivative instruments are generally recognized when the related transactions impact earnings. Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments In accordance with accounting guidance pertaining to derivatives and hedge accounting, the Companies designate a portion of their derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges for accounting purposes. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, the cash flows from the derivatives and from the related hedged items are classified in operating cash flows. Cash Flow Hedges A majority of the Companies hedge strategies represents cash flow hedges of the variable price risk primarily associated with the use of interest rate swaps to hedge their exposure to variable interest rates on long-term debt. For transactions in which the Companies are hedging the variability of cash flows, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in AOCI, to the extent they are effective at offsetting changes in the hedged item, or as appropriate to regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities. Any derivative gains or losses reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings when the forecasted item is included in earnings, or earlier, if it becomes probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. For cash flow hedge transactions, hedge accounting is discontinued if the occurrence of the forecasted transaction is no longer probable. Fair Value Hedges Dominion Energy may also designate interest rate swaps as fair value hedges on certain fixed rate long-term debt to manage interest rate exposure. For fair value hedge transactions, changes in the fair value of the derivative are generally offset currently in earnings by the recognition of changes in the hedged item s fair value. Hedge accounting is discontinued if the hedged item no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. 
 million, million and million, respectively. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 , Virginia Power capitalized AFUDC to property, plant and equipment of million, million and million, respectively. Under Virginia law, certain Virginia jurisdictional projects qualify for current recovery of AFUDC through rate adjustment clauses. AFUDC on these projects is calculated and recorded as a regulatory asset and is not capitalized to property, plant and equipment. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 , Virginia Power recorded million, million and million of AFUDC related to these projects, respectively. For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, including the Companies electric distribution, electric transmission and generation property and Dominion Energy s natural gas distribution property, the undepreciated cost of such property, less salvage value, is generally charged to accumulated depreciation at retirement. Cost of removal collections from utility customers not representing AROs are recorded as regulatory liabilities. For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation that will be abandoned significantly before the end of its useful life, the net carrying value is reclassified from plant-in-service when it becomes probable it will be abandoned and recorded as a regulatory asset for amounts expected to be collected through future rates. In March 2020, Virginia Power committed to retire certain coal- and oil-fired generating units before the end of their useful lives based on economic and other factors, including but not limited to market power prices and the VCEA. These units will be retired after they meet their capacity obligations to PJM in 2023. As a result, Virginia Power recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for the year ended December 31, 2020. This charge was considered a component of Virginia Power s base rates deemed recovered under the GTSA, subject to review as discussed in Note 13. In addition, see Note 13 for information on the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review. In 2022 and 2020, Virginia Power recorded charges of million million after-tax) and million million after-tax), respectively, in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) associated with dismantling certain of these electric generation facilities. For property that is not subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, including nonutility property, cost of removal not associated with AROs is charged to expense as incurred. The Companies also record gains and losses upon retirement based upon the difference between the proceeds received, if any, and the property s net book value at the retirement date. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed on the straight-line method based on projected service lives. 

Transmission 

Distribution 

Storage 

General and other 

Virginia Power 

Generation 

Transmission 

Distribution 

General and other 

(1) 

In 2020, Virginia Power updated depreciation rates for its nuclear plants to reflect lower depreciation rates as a result of expected approval of license extensions from the NRC. For the year ended December 31, 2020, this adjustment resulted in a decrease of million million after-tax) in depreciation expense in Virginia Power s Consolidated Statements of Income and an increase to Dominion Energy s EPS of per share. In January 2022, Dominion Energy revised the estimated useful life of its non-jurisdictional and certain nonregulated solar generation facilities to years. This revision resulted in an annual decrease of depreciation expense of million million after-tax), including million million after-tax) at Virginia Power, and increased Dominion Energy s EPS by approximately . In the first quarter of 2022, Virginia Power revised the depreciation rates for its assets to reflect the results of a new depreciation study. The change resulted in a decrease in depreciation expense in Virginia Power s Consolidated Statements of Income of million million after-tax) and increased Dominion Energy s EPS by . Virginia Power s non-jurisdictional solar generation property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of years, effective January 2022. Capitalized costs of development wells and leaseholds are amortized on a field-by-field basis using the unit-of-production method and the estimated proved developed or total proved gas and oil reserves, at a rate of and per mcfe in 2022 and 2021, respectively. years 

Nonregulated generation-other 
 
 - 

General and other 
 
 - 

Nuclear fuel used in electric generation is amortized over its estimated service life on a units-of-production basis. The Companies report the amortization of nuclear fuel in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases expense in their Consolidated Statements of Income and in depreciation and amortization in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. The Companies evaluate whether or not recovery of their regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and make various assumptions in their analyses. These analyses are generally based on: Orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judicial actions; 

 Past experience; 

 Discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel; 

 Forecasted earnings; and 

 Considerations around the likelihood of impacts from events such as unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events and other natural disasters and unplanned outages of facilities. 

 Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator. If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. A regulatory liability, if considered probable, will be recorded in the period such assessment is made or reversed into earnings if no longer probable. See Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 . The exercise of renewal options is solely at the Companies discretion and is included in the lease term if the option is reasonably certain to be exercised. A right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability for leases with original lease terms of one year or less are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, unless such leases contain renewal options that the Companies are reasonably certain will be exercised. Additionally, certain of the Companies leases contain escalation clauses whereby payments are adjusted for consumer price or other indices or contain fixed dollar or percentage increases. The Companies also have leases with variable payments based upon usage of, or revenues associated with, the leased assets. The determination of the discount rate utilized has a significant impact on the calculation of the present value of the lease liability included in the Companies Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the Companies fleet of leased vehicles, the discount rate is equal to the prevailing borrowing rate earned by the lessor. For the Companies remaining leased assets, the discount rate implicit in the lease is generally unable to be determined from a lessee perspective. As such, the Companies use internally-developed incremental borrowing rates as a discount rate in the calculation of the present value of the lease liability. The incremental borrowing rates are determined based on an analysis of the Companies publicly available unsecured borrowing rates, adjusted for a collateral discount, over various lengths of time that most closely correspond to the Companies lease maturities. In addition, Dominion Energy acts as lessor under certain power purchase agreements in which the counterparty or counterparties purchase substantially all of the output of certain solar facilities. These leases are considered operating in nature. For such leasing arrangements, rental revenue and an associated accounts receivable are recorded when the monthly output of the solar facility is determined. Depreciation on these solar facilities is computed on a straight-line basis primarily over an estimated useful life of years, effective January 2022. 
 when significant changes in the amounts or timing of future cash flows are identified. Dominion Energy reports accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with its natural gas pipelines of its distribution business as an adjustment to the related regulatory assets or liabilities when revenue is recoverable from customers for AROs. The Companies report accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with decommissioning its nuclear power stations as an adjustment to the regulatory asset or liability for certain jurisdictions. Additionally, the Companies report accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with certain rider and prospective rider projects and other electric generation and distribution facilities as an adjustment to the regulatory asset for certain jurisdictions. Accretion of all other AROs and depreciation of all other asset retirement costs are reported in other operations and maintenance expense and depreciation expense, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 record all equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, or for which they are permitted to estimate fair value using NAV (or its equivalent), at fair value in nuclear decommissioning trust funds and other investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities held in the nuclear decommissioning trusts are deferred to a regulatory asset or liability, as applicable, for certain jurisdictions subject to cost-based regulation. For all other equity securities, including those held in Dominion Energy s nonregulated generation nuclear decommissioning trusts and rabbi trusts, net realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Values The Companies account for illiquid and privately held securities without readily determinable fair values under either the equity method or cost method. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values include: Equity method investments when the Companies have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. Dominion Energy s investments are included in investments in equity method affiliates in its Consolidated Balance Sheets, except for the liability to Atlantic Coast Pipeline or where such investments are classified as held for sale. Dominion Energy records equity method adjustments in other income in its Consolidated Statements of Income, including its proportionate share of investee income or loss, gains or losses resulting from investee capital transactions, amortization of certain differences between the carrying value and the equity in the net assets of the investee at the date of investment and other adjustments required by the equity method. 

 Cost method investments when the Companies do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee. The Companies investments are included in other investments and nuclear decommissioning trust funds. Cost method investments are reported at cost less impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. 

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment The Companies periodically review their equity method investments to determine whether a decline in fair value should be considered other-than-temporary. If a decline in the fair value of any security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to its fair value at the end of the reporting period. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Based on the average price of gas purchased during 2022 and 2021, the cost of replacing the current portion of stored gas inventory exceeded the amount stated on a LIFO basis by million and million, respectively. In 2022, Dominion Energy wrote off certain inventory balances associated with certain nonrenewable electric generation facilities resulting in a 40 million charge 30 million after-tax) recorded in impairments and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) in its Consolidated Statements of Income, including 19 million 14 million after-tax) at Virginia Power for inventory not expected to be utilized at such facilities prior to their planned retirement in the first half of 2023. 
 
 retrospective approach and continued to apply the if-converted method to calculate diluted EPS in connection with any potentially dilutive instruments, or components of instruments, that may be settled in stock or cash. 

billion, comprised of approximately billion of cash consideration (subject to customary closing adjustments) plus the assumption of long-term debt, to sell substantially all of its gas transmission and storage operations, including processing assets, as well as noncontrolling partnership interests in Iroquois, JAX LNG and White River Hub and a controlling interest in Cove Point (consisting of of the general partner interest and of the total limited partner interests). The agreement provides that Dominion Energy retains the assets and obligations of the pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans associated with the operations included in the transaction and relating to services provided through closing. In October 2020, pursuant to a provision in the agreement with BHE, Dominion Energy elected to exclude the Q-Pipe Group and certain other affiliated entities from the transaction as approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act had not been obtained by mid-September 2020. Concurrently in October 2020, Dominion Energy and BHE entered into a separate agreement under which Dominion Energy would sell the Q-Pipe Group and certain other affiliated entities to BHE for cash consideration of billion and the assumption of related long-term debt. In November 2020, Dominion Energy completed the GT S Transaction and received cash proceeds of billion. This transaction was structured as an asset sale for tax purposes. Dominion Energy retained a noncontrolling interest in Cove Point that is accounted for as an equity method investment upon closing of the GT S Transaction as Dominion Energy has the ability to exercise significant influence over, but not control, Cove Point. The retained 50 noncontrolling interest in Cove Point was recognized at its initial fair value of billion on the date of close estimated using an income approach and a market approach. The valuation is considered a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of significant judgment and unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of future cash flows and a discount rate reflecting risks inherent in the future cash flows and market prices. Upon closing the GT S Transaction, Dominion Energy recognized a gain of million (net of a billion write-off of goodwill and a million closing adjustment paid to BHE in December 2020) and an associated tax expense of million, presented in net income (loss) from discontinued operations including noncontrolling interest in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. In connection with closing of the GT S Transaction, Dominion Energy and BHE entered into a transition services agreement under which In addition, BHE provided certain administrative services to Dominion Energy through December 2022. Dominion Energy recorded million, million and million associated with the transition services agreement in operating revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Also in November 2020, BHE provided a billion deposit to Dominion Energy on the Q-Pipe Transaction. In July 2021, Dominion Energy and BHE mutually agreed to terminate the Q-Pipe Transaction as a result of uncertainty associated with receiving approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. Also in July 2021, Dominion Energy entered into an approximately billion term loan credit agreement and borrowed the full amount available thereunder. and bore interest at a variable rate. The proceeds were utilized to repay the deposit received from BHE on the Q-Pipe Transaction. Upon completion of a sale of the Q-Pipe Group, Dominion Energy was required to utilize the net proceeds to repay any outstanding balances under the term loan agreement. In October 2021, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement with Southwest Gas to sell the Q-Pipe Group. The total value of this transaction was approximately billion, comprised of approximately billion of cash consideration (subject to customary closing adjustments) plus the assumption of long-term debt. The agreement provided that Dominion Energy retain the assets and obligations of the pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans associated with the operations included in the transaction and relating to services provided through closing. In December 2021, Dominion Energy completed the sale of the Q-Pipe Group and received cash proceeds of billion. This transaction was structured as an asset sale for tax purposes. Upon closing, Dominion Energy recognized a gain of million (net of a million write-off of goodwill) and an associated tax expense of million, presented in net income (loss) from discontinued operations including noncontrolling interest in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. Also in December 2021, Dominion Energy used the net proceeds from the sale to repay all outstanding balances under the July 2021 term loan agreement and terminated the term loan agreement. In 2022, Dominion Energy recognized a gain of million million after-tax) in discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of Income associated with the finalization of working capital adjustments. In connection with the closing of the sale of the Q-Pipe Group, Dominion Energy and Southwest Gas entered into a transition services agreement under which The operations included in both the GT S Transaction and the Q-Pipe Group are presented in discontinued operations effective July 2020. As a result, depreciation and amortization ceased on the applicable assets. As Cove Point had previously been consolidated within Dominion Energy s financial statements, balances associated with Cove Point prior to the closing of the GT S Transaction are presented within discontinued operations. See Note 9 for additional information regarding Dominion Energy s equity method investment in Cove Point. 

Operating expense (2) 

Other income (3) 

Interest and related charges (4) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) (5) 

() 

Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests 

() 

Noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

(1) 

 (2) G million million after-tax) recorded in 2020 associated with the probable abandonment of a significant portion of the Supply Header Project as well as the establishment of a million ARO as a result of the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. 

 (3) million benefit associated with the termination of the Q-Pipe Transaction in 2021. 

 (4) million million after-tax) recorded in 2020 associated with cash flow hedges of debt-related items that were determined to be probable of not occurring. 

 (5) million income tax benefit recorded in 2021 associated with the GT S Transaction. 

Significant noncash items 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Accrued capital expenditures 

(1) 

In October 2020, Dominion Energy settled various derivatives related to, but not included in, the GT S Transaction for a payment of million. Sale of Hope In February 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to sell of the equity interests in Hope to Ullico for million of cash consideration, subject to customary closing adjustments, which closed in August 2022 after all customary closing and regulatory conditions were satisfied, including clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and approval from the West Virginia Commission. The sale was treated as a stock sale for tax purposes. In connection with closing, Dominion Energy recognized a pre-tax gain of million, inclusive of customary closing adjustments, (net of million write-off of goodwill which was not deductible for tax purposes) in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of Income. The transaction resulted in an after-tax loss of million. Upon meeting the classification as held for sale in the first quarter of 2022 and through the second quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy had recorded charges of million in deferred income tax expense in its Consolidated Statements of Income to reflect the recognition of deferred taxes on the outside basis of Hope s stock. This deferred income tax expense reversed upon closing of the sale and became a component of current income tax expense on the sale disclosed above. See Note 5 for additional information. In addition, a curtailment was recorded related to other postretirement benefit plans as discussed in Note 22. All activity related to Hope prior, or not related, to closing is included in Gas Distribution, with remaining activity reflected in the Corporate and Other segment. Sale of Kewaunee In May 2021, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to sell of the equity interests in Dominion Energy Kewaunee, Inc. to EnergySolutions, including the transfer of all decommissioning obligations associated with Kewaunee, which ceased operations in 2013. The sale closed in June 2022 following approval from the Wisconsin Commission in May 2022 and NRC approval of a requested license transfer in March 2022. The sale was treated as an asset sale for tax purposes and Dominion Energy retained the assets and obligations of the pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans. EnergySolutions is subject to the Wisconsin regulatory conditions agreed to by Dominion Energy upon its acquisition of Kewaunee, including the return of any excess decommissioning funds to WPSC and WP L customers following completion of all decommissioning activities. In the second quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy recorded a loss of million million after-tax), recorded in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of Income, primarily related to the difference between the nuclear decommissioning trust and AROs. Prior to its receipt, there had been uncertainty as to the timing of or ability to obtain approval from the Wisconsin Commission. Prior to closing, Dominion Energy withdrew million from the nuclear decommissioning trust to recover certain spent nuclear fuel and other permitted costs. All activity related to Kewaunee prior to closing is included in Contracted Assets, with remaining activity reflected in the Corporate and Other segment. Acquisition of Birdseye In May 2021, Dominion Energy acquired of the ownership interest in Birdseye from BRE Holdings, LLC for total consideration of million, consisting of million in cash and million, measured at fair value at closing, of consideration contingent on the achievement of certain revenue targets and future development project sales. Birdseye is primarily engaged in the development of solar energy projects in southeastern states in the U.S. with 2.5 GW of solar generation projects under development at acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price resulted in million of development project assets, primarily reflected in other deferred charges and other assets in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets, and million of goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill reflects the value associated with enhancing Dominion Energy's development of regulated and long-term contracted solar generating and electric storage projects. The fair value measurements, including of the assets acquired, were determined using the income approach and are considered Level 3 fair value measurements due to the use of significant judgmental and unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of future cash flows. Birdseye is included in Contracted Assets. 

118 

Commercial 

Industrial 

Government and other retail 

Wholesale 

Nonregulated electric sales 

Regulated gas sales: 

Residential 

Commercial 

Other 

Nonregulated gas sales 

Regulated gas transportation and storage 

Other regulated revenues 

Other nonregulated revenues (1)(2) 

Total operating revenue from contracts with customers 

Other revenues (1)(3)(4) 

() 

() 

() 

Total operating revenue 

(1) 

 (2) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, at Dominion Energy, primarily consisting of sales of commodities related to nonregulated extraction activities and other miscellaneous products. Additionally, sales of renewable energy credits were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, at Dominion Energy and million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, at Virginia Power. 

 (3) million, million and million at Dominion Energy and million, million and million at Virginia Power for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 (4) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, at Dominion Energy. 

(1) 

Contract liabilities represent an entity s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration, or the amount that is due, from the customer. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy s contract liability balances were million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Virginia Power s contract liability balances were million and million, respectively. The Companies contract liabilities are recorded in other current liabilities and other deferred credits and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Companies recognize revenue as they fulfill their obligations to provide service to their customers. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy recognized revenue of million and million from the beginning contract liability balance. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Virginia Power recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, from the beginning contract liability balance. 

119 
 
 and imposes a alternative minimum tax on GAAP net income, as adjusted for certain items, of corporations greater than billion for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The IRA did not impact the measurement of the Companies deferred income taxes or change the assessment of the realizability of deferred tax assets. The Companies continue to monitor and evaluate the impacts of the IRA, including changes in interpretations, if any, as guidance is issued and finalized. In July 2020, the U.S. Department of Treasury issued final regulations providing guidance about the limitation on the deduction for business interest expenses under the 2017 Tax Reform Act. Under the 2017 Tax Reform Act, deductions for net interest expense are limited to of adjusted taxable income, which prior to 2022, was defined similarly to EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization). For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, the calculation of adjusted taxable income is defined similarly to EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes). For consolidated groups such as Dominion Energy that have both regulated and nonregulated operations, these rules may result in a temporary disallowance of a portion of Dominion Energy s interest deductions in the future, although any interest disallowed has an indefinite carryforward period. As indicated in Note 2, certain of the Companies operations, including accounting for income taxes, are subject to regulatory accounting treatment. For regulated operations, many of the changes in deferred taxes from the 2017 Tax Reform Act represent amounts probable of collection from or return to customers and were recorded as either an increase to a regulatory asset or liability. Continuing Operations 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Total current expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Taxes before operating loss carryforwards and investment tax credits 

() 

Tax utilization expense of operating loss carryforwards 

Investment tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

Total deferred expense (benefit) 

() 

Investment tax credit-gross deferral 

Investment tax credit-amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

In 2021, Dominion Energy s current income taxes reflect a benefit from continuing operations as the income tax expense associated with the Q-Pipe Group s operations, including taxes on the gain, is reflected in discontinued operations. Dominion Energy s income tax expense reflects the utilization of investment tax credit carryforwards to offset a portion of the federal tax gain on the sale. In 2020, Dominion Energy s current income taxes reflect a benefit from continuing operations as the income tax expense associated with gas transmission and storage operations, including taxes on the gain, is reflected in discontinued operations. Dominion Energy s income tax expense reflects the utilization of investment tax credit carryforwards to offset a portion of the federal tax gain on the sale. In addition, an million income tax benefit is reflected in common shareholders equity associated with state deferred taxes on assets and liabilities retained in connection with the GT S Transaction. Discontinued Operations Income tax expense (benefit) reflected in discontinued operations is million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2021 income taxes include a million benefit related to finalizing income tax returns on the GT S Transaction and the absence of a million benefit on non-deductible goodwill written off in connection with the sale of the Q-Pipe Group. The 2020 income tax expense reflects a charge of million for the write-off of tax-related regulatory assets associated with the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project and the absence of a million benefit on non-deductible goodwill written off in connection with the GT S Transaction. Continuing Operations 

Increases (reductions) resulting from: 

Recognition of taxes - sale of subsidiary stock 

Recognition of taxes - privatization intercompany gain 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Investment tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Production tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowances 

Reversal of excess deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State legislative change 

() 

() 

() 

Change in tax status 

() 

AFUDC equity 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in state deferred taxes associated with assets held for sale 

() 

() 

Absence of tax on noncontrolling interest 

() 

Settlements of uncertain tax positions 

() 

Employee stock ownership plan deduction 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate 

As described in Note 3, Dominion Energy sold of the equity interests in Hope in a stock sale for income tax purposes. Dominion Energy s 2022 effective tax rate reflects the current income tax expense on the sale of Hope s stock. As described in Note 9, Virginia Power transferred its existing privatization operations in Virginia to Dominion Energy, and Dominion Energy contributed these assets to Dominion Privatization. As the original owner of these privatization assets, Virginia Power is required to recognize the income tax expense on Dominion Energy s transaction with Dominion Privatization. As such, Virginia Power s effective tax rate reflects an income tax expense of million on this transaction. In December 2021, unrecognized tax benefits related to several state uncertain tax positions acquired in the SCANA Combination were effectively settled through negotiations with the taxing authority. Management believed it was reasonably possible these unrecognized tax benefits could decrease through settlement negotiations or payments during 2021, however no income tax benefits could be recognized unless or until the positions were effectively settled. Resolution of these uncertain tax positions decreased income tax expense by million. In addition, the Companies effective tax rates reflect the benefit of a state legislative change enacted in April 2021 for tax years beginning January 1, 2022. Dominion Energy s effective tax rate reflects a million deferred tax benefit, inclusive of a million deferred tax benefit at Virginia Power. Dominion Energy s 2020 effective tax rate reflects an income tax benefit of million associated with the remeasurement of consolidated state deferred taxes with the classification of gas transmission and storage operations as held for sale. In addition, Dominion Energy s effective tax rate reflects an income tax expense of million attributable to the noncontrolling interest primarily associated with the impairment of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities held in partnerships discussed in Note 10. 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Total net deferred income tax liabilities 

Total deferred income taxes: 

Plant and equipment, primarily depreciation method and basis differences 

Excess deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecovered NND Project costs 

DESC rate refund 

() 

() 

Toshiba Settlement 

() 

() 

Nuclear decommissioning 

Deferred state income taxes 

Federal benefit of deferred state income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred fuel, purchased energy and gas costs 

Pension benefits 

() 

() 

Other postretirement benefits 

Loss and credit carryforwards 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowances 

Partnership basis differences 

Other 

() 

() 

Total net deferred income tax liabilities 

Deferred Investment Tax Credits Regulated Operations 

Total Deferred Taxes and Deferred Investment Tax Credits 

Federal investment credits 

- 

Federal production and other credits 

- 

State losses 

() 
 
 - 

State minimum tax credits 

No expiration 

State investment and other credits 

() 
 
 - 

Total 

() 

At December 31, 2022, Virginia Power had the following deductible loss and credit carryforwards: 

Deductible 

Deferred 

Valuation 

Expiration 

Amount 

Tax Asset 

Allowance 

Period 

(millions) 

Federal losses 

Federal investment credits 

- 

Federal production and other credits 

- 

State losses 

State investment and other credits 

() 

Total 

() 

t have any unrecognized tax benefits in the periods presented: 

Dominion Energy 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Beginning balance 

Increases-prior period positions 

Decreases-prior period positions 

() 

() 

() 

Increases-current period positions 

Settlements with tax authorities 

() 

() 

Expiration of statutes of limitations 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Certain unrecognized tax benefits, or portions thereof, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations. For Dominion Energy and its subsidiaries, these unrecognized tax benefits were million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In discontinued operations, these unrecognized tax benefits were million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. For Dominion Energy, the change in these unrecognized tax benefits decreased income tax expense by million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For discontinued operations, the change in these unrecognized tax benefits increased income tax expense by million in 2020. Dominion Energy participates in the IRS Compliance Assurance Process which provides the opportunity to resolve complex tax matters with the IRS before filing its federal income tax returns, thus achieving certainty for such tax return filing positions agreed to by the IRS. The IRS has completed its audit of tax years through 2019. The statute of limitations has not yet expired for years after 2018. Although Dominion Energy has not received a final letter indicating no changes to its taxable income for tax years 2021 and 2020, no material adjustments are expected. The IRS examination of tax year 2022 is ongoing. It is reasonably possible that settlement negotiations and expiration of statutes of limitations could result in a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits in 2023 by up to million for Dominion Energy. If such changes were to occur, other than revisions of the accrual for interest on tax underpayments and overpayments, earnings could increase by up to million for Dominion Energy. Otherwise, with regard to 2022 and prior years, the Companies cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible changes to unrecognized tax benefits that may occur in 2023. 

Connecticut 

Virginia (2) 

Utah 

South Carolina 

(1) Considered a major state for entities presented in discontinued operations. 

 (2) Considered a major state for Virginia Power s operations. 

The Companies are also obligated to report adjustments resulting from IRS settlements to state tax authorities. In addition, if Dominion Energy utilizes operating losses or tax credits generated in years for which the statute of limitations has expired, such amounts are generally subject to examination. 

- 

- 

Electricity 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market price (per MWh) 
 (3) 

- 

Physical options: 

Natural gas (2) 

Option model 
 
 Market price (per Dth) 
 (3) 

- 

- 

Price volatility 
 (4) 

- 

- 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Physical and financial forwards: 

Natural gas (2) 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market price (per Dth) 
 (3) 

)- 

)- 

FTRs 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market price (per MWh) 
 (3) 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements See Note 3 for information on the nonrecurring fair value measurement associated with Dominion Energy's acquisition of Birdseye and its retained noncontrolling interest in Cove Point. See Note 9 for information regarding nonrecurring fair value measurements associated with charges related to Fowler Ridge, Dominion Energy's noncontrolling interest in businesses and assets contributed to Wrangler and Dominion Energy's noncontrolling ownership interest in Dominion Privatization. See Note 10 for information regarding impairment charges recorded by Dominion Energy associated with nonregulated solar facilities and non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities in partnerships. In 2021, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) to write off substantially all of the long-lived assets of its nonregulated retail software development operations to their estimated fair value, using a market approach, of less than million. The valuation is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based on bids received. In 2021, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income to adjust a corporate office building down to its estimated fair value, using both an income and market approach, of million. The valuation is considered a Level 3 measurement due to the use of significant judgmental and unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of future cash flows and discount rates inherent in the future cash flows and market prices. The corporate office building is reflected in the Corporate and Other segment and presented as held for sale in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Recurring Fair Value Measurements Fair value measurements are separately disclosed by level within the fair value hierarchy with a separate reconciliation of fair value measurements categorized as Level 3. Fair value disclosures for assets held in the Companies' pension and other postretirement benefit plans are presented in Note 22. 

Interest rate 

Investments (1) : 

Equity securities: 

U.S. 

Fixed income: 

Corporate debt instruments 

Government securities 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Derivatives: 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Foreign currency exchange rate 

Total liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Derivatives: 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Foreign currency exchange rate 

Investments (1) : 

Equity securities: 

U.S. 

Fixed income: 

Corporate debt instruments 

Government securities 

Cash equivalents and other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Derivatives: 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Total liabilities 

(1) million and million of assets at Dominion Energy, inclusive of million and million at Virginia Power, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, measured at fair value using NAV (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient which are not required to be categorized in the fair value hierarchy. 

() 

() 

Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

Included in earnings: 

Operating Revenue 

() 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations 

Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 

() 

Settlements 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases 

Sales 

() 

Transfers out of Level 3 

() 

Ending balance 

The Companies had unrealized gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category relating to assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31, 2 22, 2021 and 2020. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Substantially all of the Companies financial instruments are recorded at fair value, with the exception of the instruments described below, which are reported at historical cost. Estimated fair values have been determined using available market information and valuation methodologies considered appropriate by management. The carrying amount of cash, restricted cash and equivalents, customer and other receivables, affiliated receivables, short-term debt, affiliated current borrowings, payables to affiliates and accounts payable are representative of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Supplemental credit facility borrowings 

Junior subordinated notes (2) 

December 31, 2021 

Long-term debt (2) 

Junior subordinated notes (2) 

(1) 

 (2) and amounts which represent the unamortized debt issuance costs and discount or premium. At December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of Dominion Energy s long-term debt included the valuation of certain fair value hedges associated with fixed-rate debt of million. There were fair value hedges associated with fixed-rate debt at December 31, 2022. 

for further information regarding other long-term debt, in the form of restructured derivatives, subject to offset under master netting or similar agreements. See Note 24 for further information regarding credit-related contingent features for the Companies derivative instruments. Balance Sheet Presentation 

Exchange 

Interest rate contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 

December 31, 2021 

Commodity contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Exchange 

Interest rate contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Foreign currency exchange rate contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 

(1) million and million at Dominion Energy, and million and million at Virginia Power, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. 

Exchange 

Interest rate contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Foreign currency exchange rate contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 

December 31, 2021 

Commodity contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Exchange 

Interest rate contracts: 

Over-the-counter 

Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 

(1) million and million at Virginia Power at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. Dominion Energy did t have any derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 or 2021 which were not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. 

Volumes 

Basis (1) 

Electricity (MWh in millions): 

Fixed price 

FTRs 

Oil (Gal in millions) 

Interest rate (2) (in millions) 

Foreign currency exchange rate (2) (in millions) 

Danish Krone 
 
 kr. 

kr. 

kr. 

kr. 

Euro 

(1) 

(2) 	 	 

 AOCI) 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

The amounts that will be reclassified from AOCI to earnings will generally be offset by the recognition of the hedged transactions (e.g., interest rate payments) in earnings, thereby achieving the realization of prices contemplated by the underlying risk management strategies and will vary from the expected amounts presented above as a result of changes in interest rates. Fair Value Hedges For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in current earnings and presented in the same line item. There were derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

() 

() 

Virginia Power had amounts recorded in its Consolidated Balance Sheets related to fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Dominion Energy 

Virginia Power 

Fair Value Derivatives under Hedge Accounting 

Fair Value Derivatives not under Hedge Accounting 

Total Fair Value 

Fair Value Derivatives under Hedge Accounting 

Fair Value Derivatives not under Hedge Accounting 

Total Fair Value 

(millions) 

At December 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Total current derivative assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Total noncurrent derivative assets (1) 

Total derivative assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Foreign currency exchange rate 

Total current derivative liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Foreign currency exchange rate 

Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 

Total derivative liabilities 

At December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Foreign currency exchange rate 

Total current derivative assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Foreign currency exchange rate 

Total noncurrent derivative assets (1) 

Total derivative assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Total current derivative liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 

Total derivative liabilities 

(1) 

 (2) 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 

Commodity (4) 

() 

Interest rate (3) 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 

Commodity: 

Operating revenue 

Purchased gas 

() 

Discontinued operations 

Total commodity 

Interest rate: 

Interest and related charges 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Total interest rate 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate (5) 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchased gas 

() 

() 

Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Interest rate: 

Interest and related charges 

Discontinued operations 

Foreign currency exchange rate: 

Discontinued operations 

Total 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

Preferred stock dividends (see Note 19) 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to Dominion Energy from continuing operations - Basic 

Dilutive effect of 2019 Equity Units (1) 

() 

Net income attributable to Dominion Energy from continuing operations - Diluted 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy from discontinued operations - Basic Diluted 

() 

Average shares of common stock outstanding Basic 

Net effect of dilutive securities (2) 

Average shares of common stock outstanding Diluted 

EPS from continuing operations - Basic 

EPS from discontinued operations - Basic 

() 

EPS attributable to Dominion Energy - Basic 

() 

EPS from continuing operations - Diluted 

EPS from discontinued operations - Diluted 

() 

EPS attributable to Dominion Energy - Diluted 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

The 2019 Equity Units, prior to settlement in June 2022, and the Q-Pipe Transaction deposit, prior to being settled in cash in July 2021, were potentially dilutive instruments. See Notes 3 and 19 for additional information. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2019 Equity Units, applying the if converted method as updated effective January 2022, for the period prior to settlement in June 2022, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share from continuing operations as the effects were anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the forward stock purchase contracts included within the 2019 Equity Units were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS from continuing operations as the dilutive stock price threshold was not met. The Series A Preferred Stock included within the 2019 Equity Units is excluded from the effect of dilutive securities within diluted EPS from continuing operations, but a fair value adjustment is reflected within net income attributable to Dominion Energy from continuing operations for the calculation of diluted EPS from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, based upon the expectation that the conversion would be settled in cash rather than through the issuance of Dominion Energy common stock. As described in Note 19, effective November 2021 any settlement of the conversion up to 1,000 per share was payable in cash, and any amount in excess of 1,000 per share could have been settled in cash, common stock or a combination thereof. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a fair value adjustment related to the Series A Preferred Stock included within the 2019 Equity Units is excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS from continuing operations, as such fair value adjustment was not dilutive during the period. The impact of settling the deposit associated with the Q-Pipe Transaction in shares is excluded from the calculation for the years ending December 31, 2021 and 2020 based upon the expectation Dominion Energy would settle in cash, which occurred in July 2021, rather than through the issuance of shares of Dominion Energy common stock. 

134 
 
 billion but not more than billion to be posted as collateral to secure its billion redemption obligation of the Series A Preferred Stock as described in Note 19. In May 2022, Dominion Energy funded the short-term deposit in the amount of billion, which earned interest income at an annual rate of through its maturity in September 2022. Rabbi Trust Securities Equity and fixed income securities and cash equivalents in Dominion Energy s rabbi trusts and classified as trading totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Decommissioning Trust Securities The Companies hold equity and fixed income securities and cash equivalents, and Dominion Energy also holds insurance contracts, in nuclear decommissioning trust funds to fund future decommissioning costs for its nuclear plants. 

() 

() 

Fixed income securities: (2) 

Corporate debt instruments 

() 

() 

Government securities 

() 

() 

Common/ collective trust funds 

Insurance contracts 

Cash equivalents and other (3) 

Total 

() 
 (4) 

() 
 (4) 

December 31, 2021 

Equity securities: (1) 

U.S. 

() 

() 

Fixed income securities: (2) 

Corporate debt instruments 

() 

() 

Government securities 

() 

() 

Common/ collective trust funds 

Insurance contracts 

Cash equivalents and other (3) 

() 

() 

Total 

() 
 (4) 

() 
 (4) 

(1) 

 (2) . 

 (3) million and pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Virginia Power includes pending sales of securities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 (4) billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Virginia Power's fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

() 

Less: Net (gains) losses recognized during the period on securities sold during the period 

() 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on securities still held at period end (1) 

() 

() 

(1) 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total 

Realized gains (1) 

Realized losses (1) 

(1) 

EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS 

Atlantic Coast Pipeline 

(3) 

(3) 

Wrangler 

(2) 

Align RNG (1) 

Dominion Privatization 

Other 

Total 

(1) million at December 31, 2021. The commitment was fully paid in January 2022. 

 (2) ownership interest in March 2022, following a previous sale of of its ownership interest in 2021. See discussion below. 

 (3) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, presented in other current liabilities. See discussion below for additional information. 

Dominion Energy recorded equity earnings on its investments of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in its Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, Dominion Energy recorded equity losses of million, million and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in discontinued operations related to its investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Dominion Energy received distributions from these investments of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net difference between the carrying amount of Dominion Energy s investments and its share of underlying equity in net assets was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, these differences are comprised of million of equity method goodwill that is not being amortized, million basis difference from Dominion Energy s investment in Cove Point, which is being amortized over the useful lives of the underlying assets and a net million basis difference primarily attributable to capitalized interest. At December 31, 2021, these differences are comprised of million of equity method goodwill that is not being amortized, million basis difference from Dominion Energy s investment in Cove Point, which is being amortized over the useful lives of the underlying assets and a net million basis difference primarily attributable to an unfunded commitment made to Align RNG. Cove Point In November 2020, in conjunction with the GT S Transaction, Dominion Energy sold of its general partner interest and of the total limited partner interest in Cove Point. Dominion Energy retained a noncontrolling limited partnership interest in Cove Point which is accounted for as an equity method investment as Dominion Energy has the ability to exercise significant influence over, but not control, Cove Point. See Note 3 for further information regarding the GT S Transaction. Income before income taxes recorded for of Cove Point for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. For the periods prior to closing of the GT S Transaction, earnings attributable to Dominion Energy are presented in discontinued operations. Subsequent to the closing of the GT S Transaction, earnings attributable to Dominion Energy are presented within earnings from equity method investees in its Consolidated Statements of Income. In 2020, earnings attributable to Dominion Energy of million are presented within earnings from equity method investees in its Consolidated Statements of Income. Dominion Energy recorded distributions from Cove Point of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (after the date of disposal), respectively. Dominion Energy made contributions to Cove Point for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 (after the date of disposal). All activity relating to Dominion Energy s noncontrolling interest in Cove Point is recorded within Contracted Assets. See Note 3 for further information regarding the GT S Transaction. Atlantic Coast Pipeline In September 2014, Dominion Energy, along with Duke Energy and Southern, announced the formation of Atlantic Coast Pipeline for the purpose of constructing an approximately -mile natural gas pipeline running from West Virginia through Virginia to North Carolina. Subsidiaries and affiliates of Dominion Energy, Duke Energy and Southern had planned to be customers of the pipeline under -year contracts. In March 2020, Dominion Energy completed the acquisition from Southern of its membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline and its ownership interest in Pivotal LNG, Inc., for million in aggregate, subject to certain purchase price adjustments. Pivotal LNG, Inc. includes a noncontrolling interest in JAX LNG. Following completion of the acquisition, Dominion Energy owns a noncontrolling membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline with Duke Energy owning the remaining interest. Atlantic Coast Pipeline continues to be accounted for as an equity method investment as the power to direct the activities most significant to Atlantic Coast Pipeline is shared with Duke Energy. As a result, Dominion Energy has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project had been the subject of challenges in federal courts including, among others, challenges of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project s biological opinion and incidental take statement, permits providing right of way crossings of certain federal lands, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 404 permit, the air permit for a compressor station at Buckingham, Virginia, and the FERC order approving the CPCN. Each of these challenges alleged non-compliance on the part of federal and state permitting authorities and adverse ecological consequences if the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project was permitted to proceed. Since December 2018, notable developments in these challenges included a stay in December 2018 issued by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and the same court s July 2019 vacatur of the biological opinion and incidental take statement (which stay and subsequent vacatur halted most project construction activity), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit decisions vacating the permits to cross certain federal forests and the air permit for a compressor station at Buckingham, Virginia, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit s remand to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers of Atlantic Coast Pipeline s Huntington District 404 verification and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit s remand to the National Park Service of Atlantic Coast Pipeline s Blue Ridge Parkway right-of-way. In June 2019, the Solicitor General of the U.S. and Atlantic Coast Pipeline filed petitions requesting that the Supreme Court of the U.S. hear the case regarding the Appalachian Trail crossing and in June 2020, the Supreme Court of the U.S. ruled in favor of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, reversing the lower court s decision and remanding the case back to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The project also faced new and serious challenges from uncertainty related to NWP 12, specifically, from the decision of the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana in April 2020 vacating an NWP 12 issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, including among other things gas pipelines, followed by a U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruling in May 2020 denying a stay of that decision. In July 2020, the Supreme Court of the U.S. issued an order allowing other new oil and gas pipeline projects to use the NWP 12 process pending appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; however, that did not decrease the uncertainty associated with an eventual ruling. The Montana district court decision was viewed as likely to prompt similar challenges in other federal circuit courts related to permits issued under NWP 12, including for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. In July 2020, as a result of ongoing permitting delays, growing legal uncertainties and the need to incur significant capital expenditures to maintain project timing before such uncertainties could be resolved, Dominion Energy and Duke Energy announced the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. Dominion Energy recorded equity method losses of billion billion after-tax) for the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the determination of the probable abandonment of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project in June 2020, and million million after-tax) and million million after-tax) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with Dominion Energy s decision to sell substantially all of its gas transmission and storage operations, Dominion Energy has reflected the results of its equity method investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline as discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of Income. As a result of its share of equity losses exceeding its investment, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include a liability of million and million, respectively, presented in other current liabilities and reflecting Dominion Energy s obligations to Atlantic Coast Pipeline related to AROs. In October 2017, Dominion Energy entered into a guarantee agreement to support a portion of Atlantic Coast Pipeline s obligation under a billion revolving credit facility with a stated maturity date of October 2021 . In July 2020, the capacity of the revolving credit facility was reduced from billion to billion. In February 2021, Atlantic Coast Pipeline repaid the outstanding borrowed amounts and terminated its revolving credit facility. Concurrently, Dominion Energy s related guarantee agreement to support its portion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline s borrowings was also terminated. In 2020, Dominion Energy recorded a million adjustment related to this guarantee agreement, reflected within equity as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle upon adoption of a new credit loss standard in January 2020. Dominion Energy recorded contributions of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Dominion Energy expects to incur additional losses from Atlantic Coast Pipeline as it completes wind-down activities. While Dominion Energy is unable to precisely estimate the amounts to be incurred by Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the portion of such amounts attributable to Dominion Energy is not expected to be material to Dominion Energy s results of operations, financial position or statement of cash flows. DETI provided services to Atlantic Coast Pipeline which totaled million during the year ended December 31, 2020 (prior to closing of the GT S Transaction), included in discontinued operations in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. All activity relating to Atlantic Coast Pipeline is recorded within the Corporate and Other segment. Fowler Ridge In September 2020, Dominion Energy sold its noncontrolling partnership interest in Fowler Ridge to BP and terminated an affiliate s long-term power, capacity and renewable energy credit contract with Fowler Ridge for a net payment by Dominion Energy of million. The million payment was allocated between the contract termination and sale based on the relative fair value of each using an income approach. The fair value determinations for the payment allocations are considered Level 3 fair value measurements due to the use of significant judgmental and unobservable inputs, including the amount of future cash flows and discount rate reflecting risks inherent in the future cash flows and market prices. Dominion Energy recognized a loss of million million after-tax) on the contract termination, included in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020, reflected in the Corporate and Other segment. All activity relating to Fowler Ridge, unless otherwise specified, is recorded within Contracted Assets. Wrangler In September 2019, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to form Wrangler, a partnership with Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. Wrangler operated a nonregulated natural gas retail energy marketing business with Dominion Energy contributing its nonregulated retail energy marketing operations and Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. contributing cash. At December 31, 2021 Dominion Energy had a noncontrolling ownership interest in Wrangler, which was accounted for as an equity method investment as Dominion Energy had the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. After an initial contribution of assets to Wrangler in 2019 for which Dominion Energy received cash and a noncontrolling ownership interest in Wrangler, Dominion Energy completed a second contribution in November 2020, consisting of certain nonregulated natural gas retail energy contracts for which Dominion Energy received million in cash proceeds and retained a noncontrolling ownership interest through its ownership interest in Wrangler in the contracts valued at million using the market approach. This valuation is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based on the agreed-upon sales price. In connection with the transaction, Dominion Energy recorded a gain of million presented in losses (gains) on sales of assets, and an associated tax expense of million, in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. The final contribution, consisting of Dominion Energy s remaining nonregulated natural gas retail energy marketing operations, closed in December 2021 for which Dominion Energy received million in cash proceeds and retained a noncontrolling ownership interest in Wrangler with an initial fair value of million estimated using the market approach. This valuation is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based on the agreed-upon sales price. In connection with the transaction, Dominion Energy recorded a gain of million, net of a million write-off of goodwill, presented in losses (gains) on sales of assets, and an associated tax expense of million, in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Subsequently in December 2021, Dominion Energy sold of its noncontrolling ownership interest in Wrangler to Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. for million and recorded a gain of million, presented in other income, and an associated tax expense of million, in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. In March 2022, Dominion Energy sold its remaining noncontrolling partnership interest in Wrangler to Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. for cash consideration of million. Dominion Energy recognized a gain of million million after-tax), included in other income, in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. All activity relating to Wrangler is recorded within the Corporate and Other segment. Dominion Privatization In , Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to form Dominion Privatization, a partnership with Patriot. Dominion Privatization, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, will maintain and operate electric and gas distribution infrastructure under service concession arrangements with certain U.S. military installations. Under the agreement, Dominion Energy would contribute its existing privatization operations, excluding contracts held by DESC, and Patriot would contribute cash. The initial contribution, consisting of privatization operations in South Carolina, Texas and Pennsylvania, closed in March 2022 for which Dominion Energy received total consideration of million, subject to customary closing adjustments, comprised of million in cash proceeds and a noncontrolling ownership interest in Dominion Privatization with an initial fair value of million, estimated using the market approach. This is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based on the agreed-upon sales price. In the first quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy recorded a gain of million million after-tax), presented in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of Income. Dominion Energy s noncontrolling ownership interest in Dominion Privatization is accounted for as an equity method investment as Dominion Energy has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. The second contribution, consisting of privatization operations in Virginia, closed in December 2022 for which Dominion Energy received total consideration of million, subject to customary closing adjustments, comprised of million in cash proceeds and retention of its noncontrolling ownership interest valued at million using the market approach. This is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based on the agreed-upon sales price. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy recorded a gain of million million after-tax), presented in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of Income. All activity related to Dominion Privatization is reflected within the Corporate and Other segment. 

Transmission 

Distribution 

Storage 

Nuclear fuel 

General and other 

Plant under construction 

Total utility 

Non-jurisdictional - including plant under construction 

Nonutility: 

Nonregulated generation-nuclear 

Nonregulated generation-solar 

Nuclear fuel 

Other-including plant under construction 

Total nonutility 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Jointly-Owned Power Stations 

Plant in service 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Nuclear fuel 

Accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel 

() 

() 

() 

Plant under construction 

(1) 

 (2) 

The co-owners are obligated to pay their share of all future construction expenditures and operating costs of the jointly-owned facilities in the same proportion as their respective ownership interest. The Companies report their share of operating costs in the appropriate operating expense (electric fuel and other energy-related purchases, other operations and maintenance, depreciation, depletion and amortization and other taxes, etc.) in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Nonregulated Solar Projects 

Virginia 

Chestnut 

North Carolina 

Ft. Powhatan 

Virginia 

Belcher (3) 

Virginia 

Bedford 

Virginia 

Maplewood 

Virginia 

Rochambeau 

Virginia 

Pumpkinseed 

Virginia 

Bookers Mill 

Virginia 

(4) 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

Virginia 

Myrtle 

Virginia 

Blackville 

South Carolina 

Denmark 

South Carolina 

Yemassee 

South Carolina 

Trask 

South Carolina 

Hardin I 

Ohio 

(2) 

Madison 

Virginia 

(3) 

Hardin II 

(4) 

Atlanta Farms 

Ohio 

(3)(5) 

(1) 

 (2) MW and MW of the project commenced commercial operations, respectively. 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

In addition to the facilities discussed above, Dominion Energy has also entered into various agreements to install solar facilities (reflected in Dominion Energy Virginia), primarily at schools in Virginia. As of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had placed in service solar facilities with an aggregate generation capacity of MW at a cost of million and anticipates placing additional facilities in service by the end of 2023 with an estimated total projected cost of approximately million and an aggregate generation capacity of MW. Dominion Energy has claimed or expects to claim federal investment tax credits on the projects. Impairment In the fourth quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy modified its intentions for the ongoing growth and development of its nonregulated solar generation assets as part of the preliminary stages of its comprehensive business review announced in November 2022. In connection with that determination, Dominion Energy expects that it is more likely than not that the nonregulated solar generation projects within Contracted Assets will be sold before the end of their useful lives and therefore evaluated the associated long-lived assets for recoverability. Given their strategic alignment with Virginia Power s operations, the non-jurisdictional solar generation projects reflected in Dominion Energy Virginia were not further evaluated for recoverability. Using a probability-weighted approach, Dominion Energy determined Contracted Assets nonregulated solar generation assets were impaired and recorded a charge of billion billion after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for the year ended December 31, 2022 to adjust the property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use lease assets down to an estimated fair value of million in aggregate. The fair value was estimated using an income approach. The valuation is considered a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of significant judgmental and unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of future cash flows and discount rates reflecting risks inherent in the future cash flows and market prices. Non-Wholly-Owned Nonregulated Solar Facilities Impairment In the third quarter of 2020, Dominion Energy performed a strategic review of its long-term intentions for its contracted nonregulated solar generation assets in partnerships outside of its core electric service territories in consideration of the impact of the VCEA and Dominion Energy s decision to sell substantially all of its gas transmission and storage operations. Based on an evaluation of Dominion Energy s interests in these long-lived assets for recoverability under a probability weighted approach, Dominion Energy determined the assets were impaired. As a result of this evaluation, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of million million after-tax attributable to Dominion Energy and million attributable to noncontrolling interest) in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for the year ended December 31, 2020 to adjust the property, plant and equipment down to its estimated fair value of billion. The fair value was estimated using an income approach. The valuation is considered a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of significant judgmental and unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of future cash flows and discount rates reflecting risks inherent in the future cash flows and market prices. Sale to Terra Nova Renewable Partners In August 2021, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement with Terra Nova Renewable Partners to sell SBL Holdco, which held Dominion Energy s controlling interest in certain nonregulated solar projects for consideration of million, subject to customary closing adjustments, with the amount of cash reduced by the amount of SBL Holdco s debt outstanding at closing. The sale was contingent on clearance or approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and by FERC as well as other customary closing and regulatory conditions. In September 2021, the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act expired and in October 2021, FERC approved the proposed sale. In December 2021, the transaction closed and Dominion Energy recorded a gain of million million after-tax) in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). Except as specifically identified, all activity related to SBL Holdco is recorded within Contracted Assets. Sale to Clearway In August 2021, Dominion Energy entered an agreement with Clearway to sell its controlling interest in Four Brothers and Three Cedars for million in cash, subject to customary closing adjustments. The transaction was contingent on clearance or approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and by FERC as well as other customary closing and regulatory conditions. In October 2021, the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act expired. In December 2021, the transaction closed and Dominion Energy recorded a loss of million million after-tax) in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment), primarily associated with the derecognition of noncontrolling interest. Except as specifically identified, all activity related to Four Brothers and Three Cedars is recorded within Contracted Assets. Acquisition of Gathering and Processing Assets In November 2021, Wexpro closed on an agreement with a natural gas gathering systems operator to purchase an existing natural gas gathering system in Wyoming including pipelines, compressors and dehydration equipment for total consideration of million. Virginia Power CCRO Utilization In 2021, Virginia Power wrote off million, primarily to accumulated depreciation, representing the utilization of a CCRO in accordance with the GTSA in connection with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review. See Note 13 for additional information. Sale of Utility Property In 2022, Dominion Energy completed the sales of certain utility property in South Carolina, as approved by the South Carolina Commission, for total cash consideration of million. In connection with the sales, Dominion Energy recognized a gain of million million after-tax), recorded in losses (gains) on sales of assets, in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in Dominion Energy South Carolina) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

143 

Acquisition of Birdseye (2) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 

Sale of Hope (2) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) 

 (2) 

Other Intangible Assets The Companies other intangible assets are subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives. Dominion Energy s amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022 , Dominion Energy acquired million of intangible assets, primarily representing RGGI allowances and software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of approximately . Amortization expense for Virginia Power s intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022 , Virginia Power acquired million of intangible assets, primarily representing RGGI allowances and software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of . 

Virginia Power 

Software, licenses and other (1) 

(1) million and million of RGGI allowances purchased and consumed in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with deferral to a regulatory asset. 

Virginia Power 

144 

Deferred project costs and DSM programs for gas utilities (2) 

Unrecovered gas costs (3) 

Deferred rider costs for Virginia electric utility (4) 

Ashpond and landfill closure costs (5) 

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs (6) 

NND Project costs (7) 

Deferred early plant retirement charges (8) 

Derivatives (9) 

Other 

Regulatory assets-current 

Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs (10) 

Deferred rider costs for Virginia electric utility (4) 

Deferred project costs for gas utilities (2) 

Interest rate hedges (11) 

AROs and related funding (12) 

NND Project costs (7) 

Ash pond and landfill closure costs (5) 

Deferred cost of fuel used in electric generation (1) 

Deferred early plant retirement charges (8) 

Derivatives (9) 

Other 

Regulatory assets-noncurrent 

Total regulatory assets 

Regulatory liabilities: 

Provision for future cost of removal and AROs (13) 

Reserve for refunds and rate credits to electric utility customers (14) 

Income taxes refundable through future rates (15) 

Monetization of guarantee settlement (16) 

Derivatives (9) 

Other 

Regulatory liabilities-current 

Income taxes refundable through future rates (15) 

Provision for future cost of removal and AROs (13) 

Nuclear decommissioning trust (17) 

Monetization of guarantee settlement (16) 

Interest rate hedges (11) 

Reserve for refunds and rate credits to electric utility customers (14) 

Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs (10) 

Overrecovered other postretirement benefit costs (18) 

Derivatives (9) 

Other 

Regulatory liabilities-noncurrent 

Total regulatory liabilities 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) and commencing December through Rider CCR. Virginia Power is entitled to collect carrying costs on uncollected expenditures once expenditures have been made. 

 (6) months. 

 (7) -year period ending in 2039. 

 (8) 

 (9) 

 (10) 

 (11) years and years for Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 

 (12) years. 

 (13) 

 (14) -year period effective February 2019, in connection with the SCANA Merger Approval Order. Also reflects amounts to be refunded to jurisdictional retail electric customers in Virginia associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review. See Note 13 for additional information. 

 (15) 

 (16) -year period ending in 2039 associated with the monetization of a bankruptcy settlement agreement. 

 (17) 

 (18) 

At December 31, 2022 , Dominion Energy and Virginia Power regulatory assets include billion and billion, respectively, on which they do not expect to earn a return during the applicable recovery period. With the exception of certain items discussed above, the majority of these expenditures are expected to be recovered within the next . 

Other Regulatory Matters Virginia Regulation Key Legislation Affecting Operations Regulation Act and Grid Transformation and Security Act of 2018 The Regulation Act enacted in 2007 instituted a cost-of-service rate model, ending Virginia s planned transition to retail competition for electric supply service to most classes of customers. The Regulation Act authorizes stand-alone rate adjustment clauses for recovery of costs for new generation projects, FERC-approved transmission costs, underground distribution lines, environmental compliance, conservation and energy efficiency programs, renewable energy programs and nuclear license renewals, and also contains statutory provisions directing Virginia Power to file annual fuel cost recovery cases with the Virginia Commission. If the Virginia Commission s future rate decisions, including actions relating to Virginia Power s rate adjustment clause filings, differ materially from Virginia Power s expectations, it may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The GTSA reinstated base rate reviews commencing with the 2021 Triennial Review. In the triennial review proceedings, earnings that are more than 70 basis points above the utility s authorized ROE that might have been refunded to customers and served as the basis for a reduction in future rates, may be reduced by Virginia Commission-approved investment amounts in qualifying solar or wind generation facilities or electric distribution grid transformation projects that Virginia Power elects to include in a CCRO. The legislation declares that electric distribution grid transformation projects are in the public interest and provides that the costs of such projects may be recovered through a rate adjustment clause if not the subject of a CCRO. Any costs that are the subject of a CCRO are deemed recovered in base rates during the triennial period under review and may not be included in base rates in future triennial review proceedings. In any triennial review in which the Virginia Commission determines that the utility s earnings are more than 70 basis points above its authorized ROE, base rates are subject to reduction prospectively and customer refunds would be due unless the total CCRO elected by the utility equals or exceeds the amount of earnings in excess of the 70 basis points. For the purposes of measuring any customer refunds or CCRO amounts utilized under the GTSA, associated income taxes are factored into the determination of such amounts. In the 2021 Triennial Review, any such rate reduction was limited to million. Virginia 2020 Legislation In April 2020, the Governor of Virginia signed into law the VCEA, which along with related legislation forms a comprehensive framework affecting Virginia Power s operations. The VCEA replaces Virginia s voluntary renewable energy portfolio standard for Virginia Power with a mandatory program setting annual renewable energy portfolio standard requirements based on the percentage of total electric energy sold by Virginia Power, excluding existing nuclear generation and certain new carbon-free resources, reaching by the end of 2045. The VCEA includes related requirements concerning deployment of wind, solar and energy storage resources, as well as provides for certain measures to increase net-metering, including an allocation for low-income customers, incentivizes energy efficiency programs and provides for cost recovery related to participation in a carbon trading program. While the legislation affects several portions of Virginia Power s operations, key provisions of the GTSA remain in effect, including the triennial review structure and timing, the use of the CCRO and the million cap on revenue reductions in the first triennial review proceeding. Key provisions of the VCEA and related legislation passed include the following: Fossil Fuel Electric Generation : The legislation mandates Chesterfield Power Station Units 5 6 and Yorktown Power Station Unit 3 to be retired by the end of 2024, Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell to be retired by the end of 2028 and Virginia Power s remaining fossil fuel units to be retired by the end of 2045, unless the retirement of such generating units will compromise grid reliability or security. The legislation also imposed a temporary moratorium on CPCNs for fossil fuel generation, unless the resources are needed for grid reliability. This temporary moratorium concluded in January 2022. In addition, the Virginia Commission shall determine the amortization period for recovery of any appropriate costs due to the early retirement of any electric generation facilities. Virginia Power also revised the depreciable lives of Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell for the mandated retirement to the end of 2028, which will not have a material impact to Virginia Power s results of operations or cash flows given the existing regulatory framework. 

 Renewable Generation: The legislation provides a detailed renewable energy portfolio standard to achieve 100 zero-carbon generation by the end of 2045, excluding existing nuclear generation and certain new carbon-free resources. Components include requirements to petition the Virginia Commission for approval to construct or acquire new generating capacity to reach GW of installed solar and onshore wind by the end of 2035, which includes specific requirements for utility-scale solar of GW by the end of 2024, up to GW by the end of 2035 and GW of small-scale solar by the end of 2035. The legislation deems GW of energy storage, including up to MW for any one project which may include a pumped storage facility, by the end of 2035 to be in the public interest. The legislation also deems the construction or purchase of an offshore wind facility constructed off the Virginia coast with a capacity of up to GW before 2035 to be in the public interest and provides certain presumptions facilitating cost recovery. The costs of such a facility constructed by the utility with a capacity between and GW will be presumed reasonably and prudently incurred if the Virginia Commission finds that the project meets competitive procurement requirements, the projected cost of the facility does not exceed a 

 specified industry benchmark and the utility commences construction by the end of 2023 or has a plan for the facility to be in service by the end of 2027. Projects to meet these requirements are subject to approval by the Virginia Commission. 

 Energy Efficiency: The legislation includes an energy efficiency target of energy savings, as measured from a 2019 baseline, through verifiable energy efficiency programs by the end of 2025 with future targets to be set by the Virginia Commission. Virginia Power has the opportunity to offset the lost revenues with margins on program spend if certain targets are achieved and can also seek recovery of the lost revenues associated with energy efficiency programs if such reductions are found to have caused Virginia Power to earn more than 50 basis points below a fair rate of return on its rates for generation and distribution services. 

 Carbon trading program : The legislation authorizes Virginia to participate in a market-based carbon trading program consistent with RGGI through 2050. In January 2022, the Governor of Virginia issued an executive order which puts directives in place to start the withdrawal of Virginia from RGGI. All costs of the carbon trading program are recoverable through an environmental rider. 

 Low-income customers : The legislation includes the establishment of a percentage of income payment program to be administered by the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development and the Virginia Department of Social Services. To fund the program, Virginia Power will remit amounts collected from customers under a universal service fee established and set by the Virginia Commission. As such, this program will not affect Virginia Power s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In December 2020, the Virginia Commission issued a final order confirming a revenue requirement of million related to this program. Implementation details and the effective date of the program will be established in future legislation prior to collection of fees from customers. 

 Virginia Power is incurring and expects to incur significant costs, including capital expenditures, to comply with the legislative requirements discussed above. The legislation allows for cost recovery under the existing or modified regulatory framework through rate adjustment clauses, rates for generation and distribution services or Virginia Power s fuel factor, as approved by the Virginia Commission. Costs allocated to the North Carolina jurisdiction will be recovered, subject to approval by the North Carolina Commission, in accordance with the existing regulatory framework. Virginia Regulation Recent Developments 2021 Triennial Review In 2020, Virginia Power recorded a net charge of million related to the use of a CCRO in accordance with the GTSA, included in impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for benefits expected to be provided to jurisdictional customers as a result of the 2021 Triennial Review as well as the impact on certain non-jurisdictional customers which follow Virginia Power s jurisdictional customer rate methodology. In 2021, Virginia Power recorded a benefit of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) to adjust its reserve related to the use of a CCRO in accordance with the GTSA. Subsequently, in October 2021, Virginia Power, the Virginia Commission staff and other parties filed a comprehensive settlement agreement with the Virginia Commission for approval. The comprehensive settlement agreement provides for million in one-time refunds to customers made up of million over a 6-month period and million over three years, a million going-forward base rate reduction and an authorized ROE of . Additionally, Virginia Power has agreed to utilize million of qualifying CCRO investments in the CVOW Pilot Project, deployment of AMI and a Customer Information Platform to offset available earnings and to amortize through 2023 the early retirement charges for coal- and oil-fired generation units recorded in 2019 and 2020. In November 2021, the Virginia Commission approved the comprehensive settlement agreement. In connection with the settlement agreement, Virginia Power recorded a million million after-tax) charge for refunds to be provided to customers in operating revenues in its Consolidated Statements of Income as well as a million million after-tax) benefit primarily from the establishment of a regulatory asset associated with the early retirements of certain coal- and oil-fired generating units and a million million after-tax) charge for CCRO benefits provided to customers in impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). The amounts recorded reflect the impact related to jurisdictional customers as a result of the 2021 Triennial Review as well as the impact on certain non-jurisdictional customers which follow Virginia Power s jurisdictional customer rate methodology. Utility Disconnection Moratorium In November 2020, legislation was enacted in Virginia relating to the moratorium on utility disconnections during the COVID-19 pandemic and resulted in Virginia Power forgiving Virginia jurisdictional retail electric customer balances that were more than 30 days past due as of September 30, 2020. As a result, Virginia Power recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) in 2020. In connection with the Virginia 2021 budget process, in the first quarter of 2021 Virginia Power recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for Virginia jurisdictional retail electric customer balances that were more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2020 that Virginia Power is required to forgive. Virginia Fuel Expenses In May 2022, Virginia Power filed its annual fuel factor filing with the Virginia Commission to recover an estimated billion in Virginia jurisdictional projected fuel expense for the rate year beginning July 1, 2022 and a projected billion under-recovered balance as of June 30, 2022. Virginia Power s proposed fuel rate represents a fuel revenue increase of billion when applied to projected kilowatt-hour sales for that period. Virginia Power also proposed alternatives to recover this under-collected balance over a two- or three-year period. Under these alternatives, Virginia Power s fuel revenues for the rate year would increase by billion or billion, respectively. In addition, Virginia Power proposed a change in the timing of fuel cost recovery for certain customers who elect market-based rates that would consider those customers portion of the projected under-recovered balance to have been recovered as of June 30, 2022. In July 2022, Virginia Power, the Virginia Commission staff and another party filed a comprehensive settlement agreement with the Virginia Commission for approval. The comprehensive settlement agreement provides for the collection of the requested under-recovered projected fuel expense over a period beginning and that Virginia Power will exclude from recovery through base rates one half of the related financing costs over the period. In addition, the proposed settlement agreement affirmed Virginia Power s proposal regarding fuel cost recovery for market-based rate customers. As a result, Virginia Power recorded a million million after-tax) charge in the second quarter of 2022 within impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statement of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). In September 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the comprehensive settlement agreement. Renewable Generation Projects Construction In September 2021, Virginia Power filed a petition with the Virginia Commission for CPCNs to construct and operate utility-scale projects totaling approximately MW of solar generation and MW of energy storage as part of its efforts to meet the renewable generation development requirements under the VCEA. The projects are expected to cost approximately billion in the aggregate, excluding financing costs, and be placed into service between 2022 and 2023. In March 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the petition. In November 2021, Virginia Power filed an application with the Virginia Commission requesting approval and certification of the Virginia Facilities component of the CVOW Commercial Project. The onshore Virginia Facilities have an estimated cost of approximately billion, excluding financing costs, which is included within the overall cost of the CVOW Commercial Project. In addition, Virginia Power requested approval from the Virginia Commission to enter into financial hedges with U.S. financial institutions to mitigate the foreign currency exchange risk associated with certain supplier contracts associated with the CVOW Commercial Project. In August 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the application for certification of the Virginia Facilities component of the CVOW Commercial Project and noted that no further action was required with respect to Virginia Power s foreign currency risk mitigation plan. Also in August 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition for limited reconsideration relating to the performance standard for operation of the CVOW Commercial Project included in the Virginia Commission s August order. The Virginia Commission granted reconsideration and suspended in part the August order pending its reconsideration. In October 2022, Virginia Power, Office of the Attorney General of Virginia and other parties filed a settlement agreement with the Virginia Commission for approval. The settlement agreement provides for certain cost sharing mechanisms of total construction costs between billion and billion, as subject to potential adjustment to the extent construction costs are decreased by the IRA, and includes enhanced performance reporting provisions associated with operation of the CVOW Commercial Project in lieu of a performance guarantee. In December 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the settlement agreement. In October 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition with the Virginia Commission for CPCNs to construct and operate eight utility-scale projects totaling approximately MW of solar generation and MW of energy storage as part of its efforts to meet the renewable generation development requirements under the VCEA. The projects, as of October 2022, are expected to cost approximately billion in the aggregate, excluding financing costs, and be placed into service between 2024 through 2025. This matter is pending. Nuclear Life Extension Program In October 2021, Virginia Power filed a petition with the Virginia Commission requesting a determination that it is reasonable and prudent for Virginia Power to pursue a nuclear life extension program to extend the operating licenses of Surry and North Anna and to carry out projects to upgrade or replace systems and equipment necessary to continue to safely and reliably operate these nuclear power stations. The nuclear life extension program is expected to cost approximately billion, excluding financing costs. In July 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the petition. Riders 

Rider B 

Rider BW 

Rider BW 

() 

Rider CCR 

Rider CE (1) 

Rider CE (2) 

Rider E 

Rider E 

Rider GT 

N/A 

Rider GT 

() 

Rider GV 

() 

Rider OSW 

(3) 

N/A 

Rider OSW 

Rider PPA 

() 

() 

Rider R 

Rider R 

() 

Rider RGGI (4) 

Rider RGGI (5) 

N/A 

Rider RPS 

Rider RPS 

() 

Rider S 

() 

Rider SNA (6) 

N/A 

Rider SNA (6) 

() 

Rider T1 (7) 

() 

Rider U (8) 

Rider U (9) 

() 

Rider US-2 

Rider US-3 

Rider US-3 

() 

Rider US-4 

Rider US-4 

Rider W 

() 

Rider W 

DSM Riders (10) 

DSM Riders (11) 

(1) Associated with solar generation and energy storage projects approved in March 2022, solar generation projects approved in April 2021 and certain small-scale solar projects. 

 (2) Associated with solar generation and energy storage projects requested for approval in October 2022 and certain small-scale solar projects in addition to previously approved Rider CE projects. 

 (3) In August 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition for limited reconsideration relating to a performance standard for operation of the CVOW Commercial Project included in the Virginia Commission s August order. The Virginia Commission granted reconsideration and suspended in part the August order pending its reconsideration with Rider OSW approved on an interim basis. In December 2022, the Virginia Commission issued an order reinstating its August 2022 order granting approval of Rider OSW. 

 (4) In January 2022, Virginia Power filed a motion to withdraw its application as a result of the announcement by the Governor of Virginia that he intends to withdraw Virginia from RGGI. The Virginia Commission granted Virginia Power s motion in April 2022. In May 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition with the Virginia Commission requesting a suspension of Rider RGGI approved in August 2021. Virginia Power also requested that RGGI compliance costs incurred and unrecovered through July 2022 be recovered through existing base rates in effect during the period incurred. The Virginia Commission approved the request in June 2022. In the second quarter of 2022, Virginia Power recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for the amount deemed recovered through base rates through June 30, 2022, including the impact of certain non-jurisdictional customers which follow Virginia Power s jurisdictional rate methodology. Virginia Power recorded million million after-tax) in depreciation and amortization in the third quarter of 2022. 

 (5) In December 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition to update and reinstate Rider RGGI to recover RGGI compliance costs incurred after July 2022 and those projected to occur through December 2023, with rate recovery from September 2023 through August 2024. For purposes of this proceeding, Virginia Power has assumed that Virginia will withdraw from RGGI on December 31, 2023, and accordingly did not project any RGGI compliance costs to be incurred after that date. 

 (6) Virginia Power also requested approval of cost recovery of approximately billion through Rider SNA for the first phase of nuclear life extension program which includes investments through 2024. In April 2022, Virginia Power, the Virginia Commission staff and certain interested parties filed a proposed stipulation recommending that costs incurred after February 2022 associated with the first phase of the nuclear life extension program for North Anna be deferred and requested for recovery in a subsequent Rider SNA filing. 

 (7) Consists of million for the transmission component of Virginia Power s base rates and million for Rider T1. 

 (8) Consists of million for previously approved phases and million for phase six costs for Rider U. 

 (9) As amended in June 2022, application consists of million for previously approved phases of Rider U. 

 (10) Associated with an additional new energy efficiency programs with a million cost cap, with the ability to exceed the cost cap by no more than . 

 (11) Associated with an additional new energy efficiency programs, new demand response program and new program bundles with a million cost cap, with the ability to exceed the cost cap by no more than . 

kV 

Rebuild transmission lines and related projects in the City of Staunton and County of Augusta, Virginia 

kV 

Build new Dulles Towne Center substation and line loop in the County of Loudoun, Virginia 

kV 

Build new Aviator substation and line loop in the County of Loudoun, Virginia 

kV 

Nimbus line loop and substation and new 230 kV line in the County of Loudon, Virginia 

kV 

Partial rebuild of Bristers-Ox 115 kV line in Fauquier and Prince William Counties, Virginia 

Pending 
 
 kV 

Construct new switching station, substations, transmission lines and related projects in Lunenberg and Mecklenburg Counties, Virginia 

Pending 
 
 kV 

Construct new switching station, substation, transmission lines and related projects in Charlotte, Halifax and Mecklenburg Counties, Virginia 

Pending 
 
 kV 

Construct new Mars and Wishing Star substations, transmission lines and related projects in Loudoun County, Virginia 

Pending 

Construct new Altair switching station, transmission lines and related projects in Loudoun County, Virginia 

Pending 

Construct new Cirrus and Keyser switching stations, transmission lines and related projects in Culpeper, Virginia 

Pending 

In November 2013, the Virginia Commission issued an order granting Virginia Power a CPCN to construct approximately miles of new overhead kV transmission line from the existing Surry switching station in Surry County to a new Skiffes Creek switching station in James City County, and approximately miles of new kV transmission line in James City County, York County, and the City of Newport News from the proposed new Skiffes Creek switching station to Virginia Power s existing Whealton substation in the City of Hampton. In February 2019, the transmission line project was placed into service. In March 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued an order vacating the permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued in July 2017 and ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to do a full environmental impact study of the project. In April 2019, Virginia Power and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers filed petitions for rehearing with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, asking that the permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers remain in effect while an environmental impact study is performed. In May 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit denied the request for rehearing and ordered the U.S. District Court for the D.C. Circuit to consider and issue a ruling on whether the permit should be vacated during the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers preparation of an environmental impact statement. In November 2019, the U.S. District Court for the D.C. Circuit issued an order allowing the permit to remain in effect while an environmental impact statement is prepared. In November 2020, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued a draft environmental impact statement noting there is no better alternative. This matter is pending. North Carolina Regulation Virginia Power North Carolina Base Rate Case In March 2019, Virginia Power filed its base rate case and schedules with the North Carolina Commission. In January 2020, the North Carolina Commission approved a ROE and disallowed certain costs associated with coal ash remediation at Chesterfield power station. In February 2020, the North Carolina Commission issued its final order relating to base rates. In July 2020, Virginia Power filed a notice of appeal and exceptions to the Supreme Court of North Carolina, arguing that the North Carolina Commission committed reversible error on certain issues relating to the ratemaking treatment of certain coal ash remediation costs. In June 2022, the Supreme Court of North Carolina affirmed the North Carolina Commission s order. Virginia Power North Carolina Fuel Filing In August 2022, Virginia Power submitted its annual filing to the North Carolina Commission to adjust the fuel component of its electric rates. Virginia Power updated its filing in October 2022 to reflect the increased commodity cost of fuel and proposed a total million increase to the fuel component of its electric rates for the rate year beginning February 1, 2023. Virginia Power also submitted an alternative to recover the increase over a two-year period. Under this approach, Virginia Power proposed a total million increase to the fuel component of its electric rates implemented on a staggered timeline for the rate year beginning February 1, 2023 with remaining unrecovered balances to be recovered in the rate year beginning February 1, 2024. In January 2023, the North Carolina Commission approved the filing for recovery over the period. PSNC Rider D Rider D allows PSNC to recover from customers all prudently incurred gas costs and the related portion of uncollectible expenses as well as losses on negotiated gas and transportation sales. In May 2022, PSNC submitted a filing with, and received approval from, the North Carolina Commission for a million gas cost increase with rates effective June 2022. In September 2022, PSNC submitted a filing with, and received approval from, the North Carolina Commission for a million gas cost increase with rates effective October 2022. In November 2022, PSNC submitted a filing with, and received approval from, the North Carolina Commission for a net million gas cost decrease with rates effective December 2022. In January 2023, PSNC submitted a filing with, and received approval from, the North Carolina Commission for a million gas cost decrease with rates effective February 2023. In February 2023, PSNC submitted a filing with the North Carolina Commission for a million gas cost decrease with rates effective March 2023. This matter is pending. PSNC Customer Usage Tracker PSNC utilizes a customer usage tracker, a decoupling mechanism, which allows it to adjust its base rates semi-annually for residential and commercial customers based on average per customer consumption. In September 2022, PSNC submitted a filing with the North Carolina Commission for a million increase relating to the customer usage tracker. The North Carolina Commission approved the filing in September 2022 with rates effective October 2022. South Carolina Regulation South Carolina Electric Base Rate Case In August 2020, DESC filed its retail electric base rate case and schedules with the South Carolina Commission. In July 2021, DESC, the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff and other parties of record filed a comprehensive settlement agreement with the South Carolina Commission for approval. The comprehensive settlement agreement provided for a non-fuel, base rate increase of million (resulting in a net increase of million after considering an accelerated amortization of certain excess deferred income taxes) commencing with bills issued on September 1, 2021 and an authorized earned ROE of . Additionally, DESC agreed to commit up to million to forgive retail electric customer balances that were more than 60 days past due as of May 31, 2021 and provide million for energy efficiency upgrades and critical health and safety repairs to customer homes. Pursuant to the comprehensive settlement agreement, DESC would not file a retail electric base rate case prior to July 1, 2023, such that new rates would not be effective prior to January 1, 2024, absent unforeseen extraordinary economic or financial conditions that may include changes in corporate tax rates. In July 2021, the South Carolina Commission approved the comprehensive settlement agreement and issued its final order in August 2021. In connection with this matter, Dominion Energy recorded charges of million million after-tax) reflected within impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment), including million of regulatory assets associated with DESC s purchases of its first mortgage bonds during 2019 that are no longer probable of recovery under the settlement agreement, and million million after-tax) reflected within other income in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. DSM Programs DESC has approval for a DSM rider through which it recovers expenditures related to its DSM programs. In , DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking approval to recover million of costs and net lost revenues associated with these programs, along with an incentive to invest in such programs. In , the South Carolina Commission approved the request, effective with the first billing cycle of May 2022. In , DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking approval to recover million of costs and net lost revenues associated with these programs, along with an incentive to invest in such programs. DESC requested that rates be effective with the first billing cycle of May 2023. This matter is pending. Natural Gas Rates In June 2022, DESC filed with the South Carolina Commission its monitoring report for the 12-month period ended March 31, 2022 with a total revenue requirement of million. This represents a million overall annual increase to its natural gas rates including a million base rate increase under the terms of the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act effective with the first billing cycle of November 2022. In October 2022, the South Carolina Commission issued an order approving a total revenue requirement of million effective with the first billing cycle of November 2022. This represents a million overall annual increase to DESC s natural gas rates including a million base rate increase under the terms of the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act. Cost of Fuel DESC s retail electric rates include a cost of fuel component approved by the South Carolina Commission which may be adjusted periodically to reflect changes in the price of fuel purchased by DESC. In February 2022, DESC filed with the South Carolina Commission a proposal to increase the total fuel cost component of retail electric rates. DESC s proposed adjustment is designed to recover DESC s current base fuel costs, including its existing under-collected balance, over the 12-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of May 2022. DESC also proposed to apply approximately million representing the net balance of funds associated with the monetization of the bankruptcy settlement with Toshiba Corporation following the satisfaction of liens against NND Project property recorded in regulatory liabilities, as a reduction to its under-collected base fuel cost balance. In addition, DESC proposed an increase to its variable environmental and avoided capacity cost component. The net effect is a proposed annual increase of million. In April 2022, the South Carolina Commission approved the filing. In August 2022, DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking a mid-period adjustment to increase the base fuel component of retail electric rates for the recovery of electric fuel costs. The application requested an increase of the base fuel cost component of million, with rates expected to be effective with the first billing cycle of January 2023. In November 2022, DESC, the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff and other parties of record filed a stipulation agreement with the South Carolina Commission for approval that reflects updated fuel cost experience and forecasts. The stipulation agreement proposes an increase of the base fuel cost component to be effective with the first billing cycle of January 2023, with an estimated annual increase of million. In December 2022, the South Carolina Commission approved the stipulation agreement and issued a final order. In , DESC filed with the South Carolina Commission a proposal to increase the total fuel cost component of retail electric rates. DESC s proposed adjustment is designed to recover DESC s current base fuel costs, including its existing under-collected balance, over the 12-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of . In addition, DESC proposed a decrease to its variable environmental and avoided capacity cost component. The net effect is a proposed annual increase of million. This matter is pending. Electric - Other DESC utilizes a pension costs rider approved by the South Carolina Commission which is designed to allow recovery of projected pension costs, including under-collected balances or net of over-collected balances, as applicable. The rider is typically reviewed for adjustment every 12 months with any resulting increase or decrease going into effect beginning with the first billing cycle in May. In February 2023, DESC requested that the South Carolina Commission approve an adjustment to this rider to increase annual revenue by million. This matter is pending. Ohio Regulation PIR Program In 2008, East Ohio began PIR, aimed at replacing approximately of its pipeline system. In September 2016, the Ohio Commission approved a stipulation filed jointly by East Ohio and the Staff of the Ohio Commission to continue the PIR program and associated cost recovery for another five-year term, calendar years 2017 through 2021, and to permit East Ohio to increase its annual capital expenditures to million by 2018 and per year thereafter subject to the cost recovery rate increase caps proposed by East Ohio. In April 2022, the Ohio Commission approved an extension of East Ohio s PIR program for capital investments through 2026 with continuation of increases of annual capital expenditures per year. In June 2022, the Ohio Commission approved East Ohio s application to adjust the PIR cost recovery rates for 2021 costs. The filing reflects gross plant investment for 2021 of million, cumulative gross plant investment of billion and a revenue requirement of million. CEP Program In 2011, East Ohio began CEP which enables East Ohio to defer depreciation expense, property tax expense and carrying costs at the debt rate of on capital investments not covered by its PIR program to expand, upgrade or replace its infrastructure and information technology systems as well as investments necessary to comply with the Ohio Commission or other government regulation. In April 2022, certain parties filed an appeal with the Supreme Court of Ohio appealing the Ohio Commission s December 2020 order establishing the CEP rider, including the rate of return utilized in determining the revenue requirement. This matter is pending. In April 2021, East Ohio filed an application requesting approval to adjust the CEP cost recovery rates for 2019 and 2020 costs. The filing reflects gross plant investment for 2019 of million, gross plant investment for 2020 of million, cumulative gross plant investment of million and a revenue requirement of million. In February 2022, the Ohio Commission approved adjustments to CEP cost recovery rates for 2019 and 2020 costs. The approved rates reflect gross plant investment for 2019 and 2020 of million, cumulative gross plant investment of million and a revenue requirement of million. The Ohio Commission also ordered that East Ohio should file its next base rate case by October 2023. In November 2022, the Ohio Commission approved adjustments to CEP cost recovery rates for 2021 costs. The approved rates reflect gross plant investment for 2021 of million, cumulative gross plant investment of billion and a revenue requirement of million. PIPP Plus Program Under the Ohio PIPP Plus Program, eligible customers can make reduced payments based on their ability to pay their bill. The difference between the customer s total bill and the PIPP amount is deferred and collected under the PIPP rider in accordance with the rules of the Ohio Commission. In July 2022, East Ohio s annual update of the PIPP rider filed in May 2022 with the Ohio Commission was approved. The revised rider rate reflects recovery over the twelve-month period from July 2022 through June 2023 of projected deferred program costs of approximately million from April 2022 through June 2023, net of over-recovery of accumulated arrearages of approximately million as of March 31, 2022. UEX Rider East Ohio has approval for a UEX Rider through which it recovers the bad debt expense of most customers not participating in the PIPP Plus Program. The UEX Rider is adjusted annually to achieve dollar for dollar recovery of East Ohio s actual write-offs of uncollectible amounts. In July 2022, the Ohio Commission approved East Ohio s application to adjust its UEX Rider to reflect an annual revenue requirement of million to provide for recovery of an under-recovered accumulated bad debt expense of million as of March 31, 2022, and recovery of net bad debt expense projected to total million for the twelve-month period ending March 2023. Utah Regulation Utah Base Rate Case In May 2022, Questar Gas filed its base rate case and schedules with the Utah Commission. Questar Gas proposed a non-fuel, base rate increase of million effective January 2023. The base rate increase was proposed to recover the significant investment in distribution infrastructure for the benefit of Utah customers. The proposed rates would provide for an ROE of compared to the currently authorized ROE of . In December 2022, the Utah Commission approved a non-fuel, base rate increase of million for rates effective January 2023 with an ROE of . Purchased Gas In July 2022, the Utah Commission approved Questar Gas request for a million gas cost increase with rates effective August 2022. In October 2022, the Utah Commission approved Questar Gas request for a million gas cost increase with rates effective November 2022. 

 million gas cost increase with rates effective March 2023. This matter is pending. 

 The Companies have also identified, but not recognized, AROs related to the retirement of Dominion Energy s storage wells in its underground natural gas storage network, certain Virginia Power electric transmission and distribution assets located on property with easements, rights of way, franchises and lease agreements, Virginia Power s hydroelectric generation facilities and the abatement of certain asbestos not expected to be disturbed in the Companies generation facilities. The Companies currently do not have sufficient information to estimate a reasonable range of expected retirement dates for any of these assets since the economic lives of these assets can be extended indefinitely through regular repair and maintenance and they currently have no plans to retire or dispose of any of these assets. As a result, a settlement date is not determinable for these assets and AROs for these assets will not be reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements until sufficient information becomes available to determine a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the activities to be performed. The Companies continue to monitor operational and strategic developments to identify if sufficient information exists to reasonably estimate a retirement date for these assets. 

Obligations incurred during the period 

Obligations settled during the period 
 
 () 

() 

Revisions in estimated cash flows (1) 
 
 () 

Accretion 

Sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities 
 
 () 

AROs at December 31, 2021 (2) 

Obligations incurred during the period 

Obligations settled during the period 
 
 () 

() 

Revisions in estimated cash flows (3) 

Accretion 

Sales of Kewaunee and Hope 
 
 () 

AROs at December 31, 2022 (2) 

(1) million million after-tax) within other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income as well as a million decrease to property, plant and equipment, net. 

 (2) million and million reported in other current liabilities for Dominion Energy at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

 (3) . 

Dominion Energy s AROs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, include billion and billion, respectively, with billion and billion recorded by Virginia Power, related to the future decommissioning of their nuclear facilities. The Companies have established trusts dedicated to funding the future decommissioning activities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the aggregate fair value of Dominion Energy s trusts, consisting primarily of equity and debt securities, totaled billion and billion, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the aggregate fair value of Virginia Power s trusts, consisting primarily of debt and equity securities, totaled billion and billion, respectively. In addition, AROs at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include billion and billion, respectively, related to Virginia Power s future ash pond and landfill closure costs. Regulatory mechanisms, primarily associated with legislation enacted in Virginia in 2019, provide for recovery of costs to be incurred. See Note 12 for additional information. 

155 

Finance lease assets (2) 

Total lease assets 

Lease liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities (3) 

Finance lease liabilities (4) 

Total lease liabilities - current 

Operating lease liabilities (5) 

Finance lease liabilities (6) 

Total lease liabilities - noncurrent 

Total lease liabilities 

(1) 

 (2) million and million of accumulated amortization at Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and net of million and million of accumulated amortization at Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) 

In addition to the amounts disclosed above, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include property, plant and equipment of million and billion, respectively, related to facilities subject to power purchase agreements under which Dominion Energy is the lessor. Accumulated depreciation related to these facilities was million at December 31, 2021. There was accumulated depreciation related to these facilities recorded in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. 

Interest 

() 

Operating lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

() 

Operating cash flows for operating leases 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

In addition to the amounts disclosed above, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, include million, million and million, respectively, of rental revenue, included in operating revenue and million, million and million, respectively, of depreciation expense, included in depreciation, depletion and amortization, related to facilities subject to power purchase agreements under which Dominion Energy is the lessor. years 

years 

years 

years 

Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 years 

years 

years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

After 2027 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Present value adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Corporate Office Leasing Arrangement In December 2019, Dominion Energy signed an agreement with a lessor, as amended in May 2020, to construct and lease a new corporate office property in Richmond, Virginia. The lessor provided equity and had obtained financing commitments from debt investors, totaling million, to fund the estimated project costs. In March 2021, Dominion Energy notified the lessor of its intention to terminate the leasing arrangement effective . As a result, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of million million after-tax) in 2021, included in impairment of assets and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) in its Consolidated Statements of Income, primarily for amounts required to be repaid to the lessor. Offshore Wind Vessel Leasing Arrangement In December 2020, Dominion Energy signed an agreement (subsequently amended in December 2022) with a lessor to complete construction of and lease a Jones Act compliant offshore wind installation vessel. This vessel is designed to handle current turbine technologies as well as next generation turbines. The lessor is providing equity and has obtained financing commitments from debt investors, totaling million, to fund the estimated project costs. The project is expected to be ready for the 2024 offshore wind turbine installation season. Dominion Energy has been appointed to act as the construction agent for the lessor, during which time Dominion Energy will request cash draws from the lessor and debt investors to fund all project costs, which totaled million as of December 31, 2022. If the project is terminated under certain events of default, Dominion Energy could be required to pay up to of the then funded amount. The initial lease term will commence once construction is substantially complete and the vessel is delivered and will mature in . At the end of the initial lease term, Dominion Energy can (i) extend the term of the lease for an additional term, subject to the approval of the participants, at current market terms, (ii) purchase the property for an amount equal to the outstanding project costs or, (iii) subject to certain terms and conditions, sell the property on behalf of the lessor to a third party using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the highest cash purchase price for the property. If the project is sold and the proceeds from the sale are insufficient to repay the investors for the outstanding project costs, Dominion Energy may be required to make a payment to the lessor for the difference between the outstanding project costs and sale proceeds. Dominion Energy is not considered the owner during construction for financial accounting purposes and, therefore, will not reflect the construction activity in its consolidated financial statements. Dominion Energy expects to recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding finance lease liability at the commencement of the lease term. Dominion Energy will be considered the owner of the leased property for tax purposes, and as a result, will be entitled to tax deductions for depreciation and interest expense. 

membership interest in Cove Point, as discussed in Notes 3 and 9. Dominion Energy concluded that Cove Point is a VIE due to the limited partners lacking the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As a result of the GT S Transaction, effective November 1, 2020, Dominion Energy is no longer the primary beneficiary of Cove Point as BHE retains the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Cove Point s economic performance. Dominion Energy s maximum exposure to loss is limited to its current and future investment, as well as any obligations under guarantees provided. See Note 23 for additional information. At December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy owns a membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Dominion Energy concluded that Atlantic Coast Pipeline is a VIE because it has insufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. Dominion Energy has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of Atlantic Coast Pipeline as it does not have the power to direct the activities of Atlantic Coast Pipeline that most significantly impact its economic performance, as the power to direct is shared with Duke Energy. Dominion Energy is obligated to provide capital contributions based on its ownership percentage. Dominion Energy s maximum exposure to loss is limited to any future investment. See Note 9 for additional details regarding the nature of this entity. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power The Companies nuclear decommissioning trust funds and Dominion Energy s rabbi trusts hold investments in limited partnerships or similar type entities (see Note 9 for additional details). Dominion Energy and Virginia Power concluded that these partnership investments are VIEs due to the limited partners lacking the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power have concluded neither is the primary beneficiary as they do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact these VIEs economic performance. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power are obligated to provide capital contributions to the partnerships as required by each partnership agreement based on their ownership percentages. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power s maximum exposure to loss is limited to their current and future investments. Virginia Power Virginia Power purchased shared services from DES, an affiliated VIE, of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Virginia Power s Consolidated Balance Sheets included amounts due to DES of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021, respectively, recorded in payables to affiliates in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Virginia Power determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of DES as it does not have power to direct the activities that most significantly impact its economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses and benefits which could be significant to it. DES provides accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative and technical services to all Dominion Energy subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. Virginia Power has no obligation to absorb more than its allocated share of DES costs. 

 billion joint revolving credit facility that provides for a discount in the pricing of certain annual fees and amounts borrowed by Dominion Energy under the facility if Dominion Energy achieves certain annual renewable electric generation and diversity and inclusion objectives. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under the credit facility were as follows: 

Facility Limit 

Outstanding Commercial Paper (1) 

Outstanding Letters of Credit 

Facility Capacity Available 

(millions) 

At December 31, 2022 

Joint revolving credit facility (2) 

At December 31, 2021 

Joint revolving credit facility (2) 

(1) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 (2) billion of letters of credit. 

DESC and Questar Gas short-term financings are supported through access as co-borrowers to the joint revolving credit facility discussed above with the Companies. At December 31, 2022, the sub-limits for DESC and Questar Gas were million and million, respectively. In March 2021, FERC granted DESC authority through to issue short-term indebtedness (pursuant to Section 204 of the Federal Power Act) in amounts not to exceed billion outstanding with maturity dates of one year or less. In addition, in March 2021, FERC granted GENCO authority through to issue short-term indebtedness not to exceed million outstanding with maturity dates of one year or less. In January 2023, DESC and GENCO applied to FERC for a two-year short-term borrowing authorization. The applications are pending. In addition to the joint revolving credit facility mentioned above, Dominion Energy also has a credit facility which allows Dominion Energy to issue up to approximately million in letters of credit and was scheduled to mature in June 2022 . In April 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to amend and restate this facility to extend the maturity date to June 2025 . In May 2022, Dominion Energy further amended and restated this facility to have a maturity date of June 2024 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy had million and million in letters of credit outstanding under this facility, respectively. In December 2021, in connection with the sale of certain non-wholly owned nonregulated solar facilities, as discussed in Note 10, SBL Holdco terminated million of credit facilities and Dominion Solar Projects III, Inc. terminated million of credit facilities. In July 2021, Dominion Energy entered into an approximately billion term loan credit agreement following the termination of the Q-Pipe Transaction as discussed in Note 3 and borrowed the full amount available thereunder. The term loan was scheduled to mature in December 2021, with the ability to extend maturity at Dominion Energy s option to June 2022 and bore interest at a variable rate. The proceeds were utilized to repay the deposit received from BHE on the Q-Pipe Transaction. In December 2021, Dominion Energy used the net proceeds from the completion of the sale of the Q-Pipe Group to Southwest Gas to repay the principal outstanding under the term loan plus accrued interest. In December 2021, DECP Holdings entered into a credit facility, which allows it to issue up to million in letters of credit with automatic renewals through the maturity of the facility in December 2024. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, million in letters of credit were outstanding under this agreement with amounts drawn under the letters of credit. Dominion Energy has an effective shelf registration statement with the SEC for the sale of up to billion of variable denomination floating rate demand notes, called Dominion Energy Reliability Investment SM . The registration limits the principal amount that may be outstanding at any one time to billion. The notes are offered on a continuous basis and bear interest at a floating rate per annum determined by the Dominion Energy Reliability Investment Committee, or its designee, on a weekly basis. The notes have no stated maturity date, are non-transferable and may be redeemed in whole or in part by Dominion Energy or at the investor s option at any time. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets include million and million, respectively, presented within short-term debt with weighted-average interest rates of and , respectively. The proceeds are used for general corporate purposes and to repay debt. In January 2023, Dominion Energy entered into a billion 364-Day term loan facility which bears interest at a variable rate and will mature in January 2024 with the proceeds to be used to repay existing long-term debt and short-term debt upon maturity and for other general corporate purposes. Concurrently, Dominion Energy borrowed an initial billion with the proceeds used to repay long-term debt. The maximum allowed total debt to total capital ratio under the facility is consistent with such allowed ratio under Dominion Energy s joint revolving credit facility. Dominion Energy may make up to two additional borrowings under this agreement through March 31, 2023, at which point any unused capacity will cease to be available to Dominion Energy. Virginia Power Virginia Power s short-term financing is supported through its access as co-borrower to Dominion Energy s billion joint revolving credit facility. The credit facility can be used for working capital, as support for the combined commercial paper programs of the borrowers under the credit facility and for other general corporate purposes. 

At December 31, 2021 

Joint revolving credit facility (2) 

(1) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

(2) billion. If Virginia Power has liquidity needs in excess of its sub-limit, the sub-limit may be changed or such needs may be satisfied through short-term intercompany borrowings from Dominion Energy. This credit facility matures in June 2026, with the potential to be extended by the borrowers to June 2028. The credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is less) of letters of credit. 

 In January 2023, Virginia Power entered into a letter of credit facility which allows Virginia Power to issue up to million in letters of credit and matures in January 2026 . Through February 2023, less than million in letters of credit were issued and outstanding under this facility with amounts drawn under the letters of credit. 	 

160 

Unsecured Senior Notes: 

Variable rate, due 2023 

to , due 2022 to 2052 (3)(4) 

Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes: 

due 2024 

Payable to Affiliated Trust, , due 2031 

Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes: 

due 2054 

Virginia Electric and Power Company: 

Unsecured Senior Notes, to , due 2022 to 2052 

Tax-Exempt Financings, to , due 2032 to 2041 (5) 

DECP Holdings, Term Loan, variable rate, due 2024 (6) 

Questar Gas, Unsecured Senior Notes, to , due 2024 to 2052 

East Ohio, Unsecured Senior Notes, to , due 2025 to 2052 

PSNC, Senior Debentures and Notes, to , due 2026 to 2051 

DESC: 

First Mortgage Bonds, to , due 2028 to 2065 

Tax-Exempt Financings (7) : 

Variable rate due 2038 

and , due 2028 and 2033 

GENCO, variable rate due 2038 

Other 

Secured Senior Notes, , due 2042 (8) 

Tax-Exempt Financing, due 2033 

Total Principal 

Fair value hedge valuation (9) 

Securities due within one year (10) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unamortized discount, premium and debt issuance costs, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Derivative restructuring (11) 

Finance leases 

Total long-term debt 

(1) 

 (2) million supplemental credit facility, entered in June 2021, offers a reduced interest rate margin with respect to borrowed amounts allocated to certain environmental sustainability or social investment initiatives. Proceeds of the supplemental credit facility also may be used for general corp orate purposes, but such proceeds are not eligible for a reduced interest rate margin. In June 2021 and August 2021, Dominion Energy borrowed million and million respectively. The proceeds from these borrowings were used to support environmental sustainability and social investment initiatives million) and for general corporate purposes million). In November 2021 and December 2021, Dominion Energy repaid million and million, respectively, borrowed under this arrangement. In May 2022, Dominion Energy borrowed million. The proceeds from these borrowings were used to support environmental sustainability and social investment initiatives million) and for general corporate purposes million). In June 2022, Dominion Energy repaid million borrowed for general corporate purposes. 

 (3) 

 (4) million of senior notes with various interest rates and maturity dates. Gains related to the early redemption of the senior notes were million million after-tax) reflected within interest and related charges in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (5) 	 

 (6) 	 

 (7) million are secured by letters of credit that expire, subject to renewal, in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

 (8) 

 (9) 

 (10) and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 

 (11) million at December 31, 2022 for both Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, representing the current portion which is presented within securities due within one year in the Companies Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Companies did t have any current derivative restructuring balances at December 31, 2021. 

Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement 

First Mortgage Bonds 

Unsecured Senior Notes 

Secured Senior Notes 

Tax-Exempt Financings 

Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trusts 

Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes 

Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes 

Total 

Weighted-average Coupon 

Virginia Power 

Unsecured Senior Notes 

Tax-Exempt Financings 

Total 

Weighted-average Coupon 

The Companies credit facilities and debt agreements, both short-term and long-term, contain customary covenants and default provisions. As of December 31, 2022, there were no events of default under these covenants. Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes In October 2014, Dominion Energy issued million of October 2014 hybrids that will bear interest at per year until October 1, 2024. Thereafter, assuming three-month LIBOR has been terminated and the October 2014 hybrids remain outstanding, interest will accrue at a SOFR-based rate selected by, and subject to any spread adjustment or other benchmark conforming changes implemented by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve in accordance with the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act of 2022. In July 2016, Dominion Energy issued million of July 2016 hybrids. In August 2021, Dominion Energy redeemed the remaining principal outstanding of million of its July 2016 hybrids, which would have otherwise matured in and were listed on the NYSE under the symbol DRUA. Expenses related to the early redemption of the hybrids were million reflected within interest and related charges in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Dominion Energy may defer interest payments on the hybrids on one or more occasions for up to consecutive years. If the interest payments on the hybrids are deferred, Dominion Energy may not make distributions related to its capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments during the deferral period. Also, during the deferral period, Dominion Energy may not make any payments on or redeem or repurchase any debt securities that are equal in right of payment with, or subordinated to, the hybrids. Derivative Restructuring In June 2020, Dominion Energy amended a portfolio of interest rate swaps with a notional value of billion, extending the mandatory termination dates from 2020 and 2021 to . As a result of this noncash financing activity with an embedded interest rate swap, Dominion Energy recorded million in other long-term debt representing the net present value of the initial fair value measurement of the new contract with an imputed interest rate of , in its Consolidated Balance Sheets with an embedded interest rate derivative that had a fair value of zero at inception. In August 2021, Dominion Energy settled certain of the outstanding interest rate swaps which would have otherwise matured in December 2024, resulting in a million reduction in other long-term debt. In August 2022, Dominion Energy settled certain of the outstanding interest rate swaps which would have otherwise matured in , resulting in a million reduction in other long-term debt. In August 2020, Virginia Power amended a portfolio of interest rate swaps with a notional value of million, extending the mandatory termination dates from 2020 to . As a result of this noncash financing activity with an embedded interest rate swap, Virginia Power recorded million in other long-term debt representing the net present value of the initial fair value measurement of the new contract with an imputed interest rate of , in its Consolidated Balance Sheets with an embedded interest rate derivative that had a fair value of zero at inception. The interest rate swaps were in a hedge relationship prior to the transaction. Virginia Power de-designated the hedge relationships prior to the transaction and then designated the new interest rate swap in a hedge relationship after the transaction. 

million shares of preferred stock, which may be designated into separate classes. At December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy had issued and outstanding million shares preferred stock, million and million of which were designated as the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, respectively. At December 31, 2021, Dominion Energy had issued and outstanding million shares of preferred stock, million, million and million of which were designated as the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, respectively. DESC is authorized to issue up to million shares of preferred stock. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, DESC had issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock, all of which were held by SCANA and are eliminated in consolidation. Virginia Power is authorized to issue up to million shares of preferred stock, liquidation preference; however, ne were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 2019 Corporate Units In June 2019, Dominion Energy issued billion of 2019 Equity Units, initially in the form of 2019 Series A Corporate Units. The Corporate Units were listed on the NYSE under the symbol DCUE. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to repay short-term debt, including commercial paper. Each 2019 Series A Corporate Unit consisted of a stock purchase contract and a 1/10, or , undivided beneficial ownership interest in one share of Series A Preferred Stock. Beginning in June 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock was convertible at the option of the holder. Settlement of any conversion was initially payable in cash, common stock or a combination thereof, at Dominion Energy s election. In November 2021, Dominion Energy s Articles of Incorporation were amended to require that any conversion of its . As a result of establishing a minimum amount to be settled in cash if the holders elect to convert the Series A Preferred Stock, billion was reclassified from equity to mezzanine equity in 2021. The Series A Preferred Stock was redeemable in cash by Dominion Energy beginning September 2022 at the liquidation preference. The stock purchase contracts obligated the holders to purchase shares of Dominion Energy common stock in June 2022. The purchase price paid under the stock purchase contracts was per Corporate Unit and the number of shares purchased was determined under a formula based upon the average closing price of Dominion Energy common stock near the settlement date. See Note 20 for additional information. The Series A Preferred Stock had been pledged upon issuance as collateral to secure the purchase of common stock under the related stock purchase contracts. Dominion Energy paid cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and quarterly contract adjustment payments on the stock purchase contracts, at the rates described below. Pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Equity Units, Dominion Energy conducted a final remarketing of substantially all shares of Series A Preferred Stock in May 2022 which resulted in the dividend rate for all shares of Series A Preferred Stock being reset to for the June 2022 through August 2022 dividend period and effective September 2022. The conversion rate on the Series A Preferred Stock did not increase as a result of the remarketing. In May 2022, Dominion Energy received a commitment from a financial institution to purchase up to million shares of the Series A Preferred Stock in the final remarketing. Accordingly, following the settlement of the successful remarketing and approval from its Board of Directors in June 2022, Dominion Energy became obligated to redeem all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock in September 2022. As such, effective June 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock was considered to be mandatorily redeemable and was classified as a current liability. In addition, Dominion Energy made a short-term deposit at the financial institution as described further in Note 9. Proceeds from the final remarketing were used on behalf of holders of 2019 Series A Corporate Units at the time of the remarketing to pay the purchase price to Dominion Energy for the issuance of its common stock under the stock purchase contracts included in such corporate units in June 2022. In September 2022, Dominion Energy redeemed all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for billion. 

(1) million were recorded as a reduction to preferred stock million) and common stock million). In connection with the reclassification of the Series A Preferred Stock to mezzanine equity in 2021, the issuance costs originally recognized as a reduction to preferred stock were reclassified to common stock. 

 (2) million per share), million per share) and million per share) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, Dominion Energy recorded interest expense of million on the Series A Preferred Stock for the year ended December 31, 2022, following the reclassification of these shares to a mandatorily redeemable liability effective June 2022 as discussed above. 

 (3) million, million and million were made in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The stock purchase contract liability was million at December 31, 2021. 

Series B Preferred Stock In December 2019, Dominion Energy issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock for million, net of million of issuance costs. The preferred stock has a liquidation preference of per share and currently pays a dividend per share on the liquidation preference. Dividends are paid cumulatively on a semi-annual basis, commencing June 15, 2020. Dominion Energy recorded dividends of million per share) for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The dividend rate for the Series B Preferred Stock will be reset every five years beginning on December 15, 2024 to equal the then-current five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of . Unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have been declared and paid, Dominion Energy may not make any distributions on any of its capital stock ranking equal or junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including through dividends, redemptions, repurchases or otherwise. Dominion Energy may, at its option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock in whole or in part on December 15, 2024 or on any subsequent fifth anniversary of such date at a price equal to per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. Dominion Energy may also, at its option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock in whole but not in part at a price equal to per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends at any time within a certain period of time following any change in the criteria ratings agencies use to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series B Preferred Stock that has certain adverse effects on the equity credit actually received by the Series B Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights except in the limited circumstances provided for in the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock or as otherwise required by applicable law. The Series B Preferred Stock is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of ours to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series B Preferred Stock. The preferred stock contains no conversion rights. Series C Preferred Stock In December 2021, Dominion Energy issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock for million, net of million of issuance costs. Also in December 2021, Dominion Energy issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock valued at million to the qualified benefit pension plans. See Note 22 for further information regarding activity surrounding pension plan contributions. The preferred stock has a liquidation preference of per share and currently pays a dividend per share on the liquidation preference. Dividends are paid cumulatively on a semi-annual basis, commencing April 15, 2022. Dominion Energy recorded dividends of million per share) and million per share) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The dividend rate for the Series C Preferred Stock will be reset every five years beginning on April 15, 2027 to equal the then-current five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of . Unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock have been declared and paid, Dominion Energy may not make any distributions on any of its capital stock ranking equal or junior to the Series C Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including through dividends, redemptions, repurchases or otherwise. Dominion Energy may, at its option, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock in whole or in part anytime from and including January 15, 2027 through and including April 15, 2027 or during any subsequent fifth anniversary of such period at a price equal to per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. Dominion Energy may also, at its option, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock in whole but not in part at a price equal to per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends at any time within a certain period of time following any change in the criteria ratings agencies use to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series C Preferred Stock that has certain adverse effects on the equity credit actually received by the Series C Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have no voting rights except in the limited circumstances provided for in the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock or as otherwise required by applicable law. The Series C Preferred Stock is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of ours to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series C Preferred Stock. The preferred stock contains no conversion rights. 

 billion, million and million from the issuance of approximately million, million and million shares of common stock, respectively, as described below. Dominion Energy Direct and Employee Savings Plans Dominion Energy maintains Dominion Energy Direct and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in Dominion Energy s common stock. These shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In August 2020, Dominion Energy began purchasing its common stock on the open market for these direct stock purchase plans. During 2020, Dominion Energy received cash of million from the issuance of million of such shares through Dominion Energy Direct and employee savings plans. In January 2021, Dominion Energy began issuing new shares of common stock for these direct stock purchase plans. During 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy issued million and million, respectively, of such shares and received proceeds of million and million, respectively. At-the-Market Program In March 2020, Dominion Energy entered into sales agency agreements to effect sales under a million at-the-market common stock program. Dominion Energy did t issue any shares under this program which expired in June 2020. In August 2020, Dominion Energy entered into sales agency agreements to effect sales under a new at-the-market program. Under the sales agency agreements, Dominion Energy may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of its common stock through the sales agents or enter into one or more forward sale agreements with respect to shares of its common stock. Sales by Dominion Energy through the sales agents or by forward sellers pursuant to a forward sale agreement cannot exceed billion in the aggregate. In November 2021, Dominion Energy entered forward sale agreements for approximately million shares of its common stock to be settled by November 2022 at an initial forward price of per share. Except in certain circumstances, Dominion Energy could have elected physical, cash or net settlement of the forward sale agreements. In November 2022, Dominion Energy provided notice to elect physical settlement of the forward sale agreements and in December 2022 received total proceeds of million. Other Issuances In August 2021, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock, valued at million, to satisfy DESC s obligation for the initial payment under a settlement agreement with the SCDOR discussed in Note 23. In May 2022, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock, valued at million, to partially satisfy DESC s remaining obligation under the settlement agreement. In June 2022, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock, valued at million, to partially satisfy its obligation under a settlement agreement for the State Court Merger Case discussed in Note 23. In June 2022, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock to settle the stock purchase contract component of the 2019 Equity Units, as discussed in Note 19, and received proceeds of billion. In July 2021, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock, valued at million, to satisfy DESC s obligation under a settlement agreement for the FILOT litigation discussed in Note 23. In September 2020, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock to satisfy its obligation under a settlement agreement for the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case discussed in Note 23. These shares were immediately repurchased as discussed below. Repurchase of Common Stock Dominion Energy did t repurchase any shares in 2022 or 2021, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which do not count against its stock repurchase authorization. During 2020, Dominion Energy repurchased million shares of Dominion Energy common stock for billion through an open market agreement, a private transaction and accelerated share repurchase agreements as discussed below. In July 2020, in contemplation of Dominion Energy entering the July 2020 agreement to sell substantially all of its gas transmission and storage operations to BHE, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to billion of Dominion Energy s common stock and rescinded its prior repurchase authorization approved in February 2005 and modified in June 2007. Dominion Energy completed repurchases under this authorization in December 2020. In November 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to billion of Dominion Energy s common stock in addition to the repurchase program authorized in July 2020. This repurchase program does not include a specific timetable or price or volume targets and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time. Shares may be purchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at the discretion of management subject to prevailing market conditions, applicable securities laws and other factors. In August 2020, Dominion Energy began repurchasing shares under an open market agreement with a financial institution. During the third quarter of 2020, Dominion Energy repurchased million shares of Dominion Energy common stock for million. During the fourth quarter of 2020, Dominion Energy repurchased million shares of Dominion Energy common stock for million. In September 2020, Dominion Energy repurchased million shares of Dominion Energy common stock in a private transaction for million. In September 2020, Dominion Energy entered into prepaid accelerated share repurchase agreements with separate financial institutions as counterparties. Dominion Energy made payments totaling billion to the counterparties in exchange for an aggregate of million shares of Dominion Energy common stock, which represented approximately 90 of billion worth of Dominion Energy shares based on the closing price of such shares on the date the agreements were executed. In November 2020, Dominion Energy received an additional million shares upon completion of the respective purchase periods under the terms of the agreements. The number of additional shares delivered under each agreement was based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average stock prices of Dominion Energy s common stock during the term of the applicable purchase period, less a discount. As a result, Dominion Energy recorded a reduction to common stock of billion. In December 2020, Dominion Energy entered into a new prepaid accelerated share repurchase agreement with one financial institution as the counterparty. Dominion Energy paid million to the counterparty in exchange for an aggregate of million shares of Dominion Energy common stock, which represented all million worth of Dominion Energy shares based on the closing price of such shares on the date the agreement was executed. In December 2020, Dominion Energy received an additional million shares upon completion of the purchase period under the terms of the agreement. The number of additional shares was based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average stock prices of Dominion Energy s common stock during the term of the purchase period, less a discount. As a result, Dominion Energy recorded a reduction to common stock of million. Virginia Power In 2022, 2021 and 2020, Virginia Power did not issue any shares of its common stock to Dominion Energy. Noncontrolling Interests GT S Transaction Closing In November 2020, as part of the GT S Transaction, Dominion Energy sold a controlling interest in Cove Point to BHE resulting in Dominion Energy s remaining noncontrolling interest accounted for as an equity method investment prospectively. As a result, the billion of noncontrolling interest related to the interest in Cove Point held by Brookfield was reversed. See Notes 3 and 9 for further information on the GT S Transaction and Dominion Energy s equity method investment in Cove Point. Non-Wholly-Owned Nonregulated Solar Facilities In December 2021, Dominion Energy completed the sale of SBL Holdco, which held Dominion Energy s controlling interest in certain nonregulated solar projects, and the sale of its controlling interest in Four Brothers and Three Cedars. As a result of these sales, all balances recorded as noncontrolling interests associated with these entities were written off. See Note 10 for more information. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Dominion Energy 

Commodity 

Interest Rate 

Total Derivative- Hedging Activities (1) 

Investment Securities (2) 

Pension and other postretirement benefit costs (3) 

Equity Method Investees (4) 

Total 

(millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 

Interest and related charges 

Other income 

Total 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total, net of tax 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 

Purchased gas 

Interest and related charges 

Other income 

() 

Total 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total, net of tax 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) million, million and million tax at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 (2) million, million and million tax at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 (3) million, million and million tax at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 (4) Net of million tax at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and million tax at December 31, 2020. 

Virginia Power) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 

Interest and related charges 

Total 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total, net of tax 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 

Interest and related charges 

Other income 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

Total, net of tax 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) million, million and million tax at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 (2) million, million and million tax at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Stock-Based Awards The 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan permits stock-based awards that include restricted stock, performance grants, goal-based stock, stock options and stock appreciation rights. The Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan permits grants of restricted stock and stock options. Under provisions of these plans, employees and non-employee directors may be granted options to purchase common stock at a price not less than its fair market value at the date of grant with a maximum term of . Option terms are set at the discretion of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors itself, as provided under each plan. No options are outstanding under either plan. At December 31, 2022 , approximately million shares were available for future grants under these plans. Goal-based stock awards are granted in lieu of cash-based performance grants to certain officers who have not achieved a certain targeted level of share ownership. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested goal-based stock awards was inconsequential. Dominion Energy measures and recognizes compensation expense relating to share-based payment transactions over the vesting period based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Dominion Energy s results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include million, million and million, respectively, of compensation costs and million, million and million, respectively, of income tax benefits related to Dominion Energy s stock-based compensation arrangements. Stock-based compensation cost is reported in other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. Excess Tax Benefits are classified as a financing cash flow. Restricted Stock Restricted stock grants are made to officers under Dominion Energy s LTIP and may also be granted to certain key non-officer employees. The fair value of Dominion Energy s restricted stock awards is equal to the closing price of Dominion Energy s stock on the date of grant. New shares are issued for restricted stock awards on the date of grant and generally vest over a service period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled and forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled and forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled and forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards totaled million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The fair value of restricted stock awards that vested was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Employees may elect to have shares of restricted stock withheld upon vesting to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The number of shares withheld will vary for each employee depending on the vesting date fair market value of Dominion Energy stock and the applicable federal, state and local tax withholding rates. Cash-Based Performance Grants Cash-based performance grants are made to Dominion Energy s officers under Dominion Energy s LTIP. The actual payout of cash-based performance grants will vary between and of the targeted amount based on the level of performance metrics achieved. In February 2019, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant occurred in January 2022 based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2019, 2020 and 2021: TSR relative to that of companies that are members of Dominion Energy s compensation peer group and ROIC with an additional payout based on Dominion Energy s price-earnings ratio relative to that of the members of Dominion Energy s peer compensation group. The total payout under the grant was million, all of which was accrued at December 31, 2021. In February 2020, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant occurred in January 2023 based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2020, 2021 and 2022: TSR relative to that of companies that are members of Dominion Energy s compensation peer group and ROIC with an additional payout based on Dominion Energy s price-earnings ratio relative to that of the members of Dominion Energy s peer compensation group. The total of the payout under the grant was million, all of which was accrued on December 31, 2022. In February 2021, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur by March 15, 2024 based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2021, 2022 and 2023: TSR relative to that of companies that are members of Dominion Energy s compensation peer group and ROIC. There is an additional opportunity to earn a portion of the award based on Dominion Energy s relative price-earnings ratio performance. At December 31, 2022, the targeted amount of the three-year grant was million and a liability of million had been accrued for this award. In February 2022, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur by March 15, 2025 based on the achievement of three performance metrics during 2022, 2023 and 2024: TSR relative to that of companies that are members of Dominion Energy s compensation peer group, Cumulative Operating EPS, and Non-Carbon Emitting Generation Capacity Performance. At December 31, 2022, the targeted amount of the three-year grant was million and a liability of million had been accrued for this award. 

170 
 
 . The Ohio and Utah Commissions may prohibit any public service company, including East Ohio and Questar Gas, from declaring or paying a dividend to an affiliate if found to be detrimental to the public interest. At December 31, 2022, neither the Ohio Commission nor the Utah Commission had restricted the payment of dividends by East Ohio or Questar Gas, respectively. There is no specific restriction from the South Carolina Commission on the payment of dividends paid by DESC. Pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, the amount of any DESC dividends paid must be reasonable and consistent with the long-term payout ratio of the electric utility industry and gas distribution industry. DESC s bond indenture under which it issues first mortgage bonds contains provisions that could limit the payment of cash dividends on its common stock. DESC's bond indenture permits the payment of dividends on DESC's common stock only either (1) out of its Surplus (as defined in the bond indenture) or (2) in case there is no Surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. In addition, pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, the amount of any DESC dividends paid must be reasonable and consistent with the long-term payout ratio of the electric utility industry and gas distribution industry. At December 31, 2022, DESC s retained earnings exceed the balance established by the Federal Power Act as a reserve on earnings attributable to hydroelectric generation plants. As a result, DESC is permitted to pay dividends without additional regulatory approval provided that such amounts would not bring the retained earnings balance below the established threshold. See Notes 18 and 19 for a description of potential restrictions on common stock dividend payments by Dominion Energy in connection with the deferral of interest payments on the enhanced junior subordinated notes or a failure to pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock. 

 returns, including dividends, interest and realized and unrealized investment gains and losses. Since the market-related value recognizes changes in fair value over a four-year period, the future market-related value of pension plan assets will be impacted as previously unrecognized changes in fair value are recognized. Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement benefit plans hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments. Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement plan assets experienced aggregate actual returns (losses) of billion and billion in 2022 and 2021 , respectively, versus expected returns of billion and billion, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated and amortized during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans. In 2021, Dominion Energy recognized the effects of a curtailment for certain pension plans resulting from an option that provided certain active employees a one-time choice to transition to an enhanced defined contribution plan in lieu of accruing pension benefits for future services. The curtailment resulted in a decrease in the pension benefit obligation of million and an increase to net periodic pension cost of million. The effects of the curtailment are included in the measurement of Dominion Energy s pension plans as of December 31, 2021. Funded Status 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial (gains) losses during the year 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Plan amendments 

() 

Sale of Hope 

() 

() 

Settlements and curtailments (1) 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Changes in fair value of plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return (loss) on plan assets 

() 

() 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Sale of Hope 

() 

Settlements (2) 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31: 

Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit assets 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized 

Significant assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31: 

Discount rate 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 

n/a 

n/a 

Crediting interest rate for cash balance and similar plans 
 
 - 

- 

n/a 

n/a 

(1) 2022 amounts include curtailment for Hope as well as settlements of nonqualified pension obligations. 2021 amounts include settlements of nonqualified pension obligations. 

 (2) 2022 and 2021 amounts relate to settlements of nonqualified pension obligations. 

Actuarial gains recognized during 2022 in Dominion Energy s pension benefit obligations were billion primarily driven by an increase in the discount rate. Actuarial gains recognized during 2021 in Dominion Energy s pension benefit obligations were million primarily from an increase in discount rate. Actuarial gains recognized during 2022 in Dominion Energy s other postretirement benefit obligations were million primarily driven by an increase in the discount rate. Actuarial gains recognized during 2021 in Dominion Energy s other postretirement benefit obligations were million resulting from an increase in discount rates, better than expected per capita claims experience and changes in demographic and economic assumptions based on an experience study completed in 2021. The ABO for all of Dominion Energy s defined benefit pension plans was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Under its funding policies, Dominion Energy evaluates plan funding requirements annually, usually in the fourth quarter after receiving updated plan information from its actuary. Based on the funded status of each plan and other factors, Dominion Energy determines the amount of contributions for the current year, if any, at that time. In December 2021, Dominion Energy issued shares of its Series C Preferred Stock to its qualified defined benefit pension plans, valued at million. In December 2020, Dominion Energy contributed million to its qualified defined benefit pension plans. The shares of preferred stock were contributed though private placements exempt from registration requirements, with an independent fiduciary and investment manager to a separate account within the qualified defined benefit pension plans. Dominion Energy also entered into a registration rights agreement with the independent fiduciary and investment manager pursuant to which Dominion Energy agreed to provide registration rights on customary terms with respect to the shares of preferred stock. Dominion Energy is not required to make any contributions to its qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2023. Dominion Energy considers voluntary contributions from time to time, either in the form of cash or equity securities. Certain of Dominion Energy s subsidiaries fund other postretirement benefit costs through VEBAs. Dominion Energy s remaining subsidiaries do t prefund other postretirement benefit costs but instead pay claims as presented. Dominion Energy did not make any contributions to VEBAs associated with its other postretirement plans in 2022 and 2021. Dominion Energy is not required to make any contributions to its VEBAs associated with its other postretirement plans in 2023. Dominion Energy considers voluntary contributions from time to time, either in the form of cash or equity securities. 

Fair value of plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Plan Assets Dominion Energy s overall objective for investing its pension and other postretirement plan assets is to achieve appropriate long-term rates of return commensurate with prudent levels of risk. To minimize risk, funds are broadly diversified among asset classes, investment strategies and investment advisors. The long-term strategic target asset allocations for substantially all of Dominion Energy s pension funds are U.S. equity, non-U.S. equity, fixed income, real assets and other alternative investments. U.S. equity includes investments in large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies located in the U.S. Non-U.S. equity includes investments in large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies located outside of the U.S. including both developed and emerging markets. Fixed income includes corporate debt instruments of companies from diversified industries and U.S. Treasuries. The U.S. equity, non-U.S. equity and fixed income investments are in individual securities as well as mutual funds. Real assets include investments in real estate investment trusts and private partnerships. Other alternative investments include partnership investments in private equity, debt and hedge funds that follow several different strategies. Dominion Energy also utilizes common/collective trust funds as an investment vehicle for its defined benefit plans. A common/collective trust fund is a pooled fund operated by a bank or trust company for investment of the assets of various organizations and individuals in a well-diversified portfolio. Common/collective trust funds are funds of grouped assets that follow various investment strategies. Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion Energy s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment policy include employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Deviations from the plans strategic allocation are a function of Dominion Energy s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans actual asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. Financial derivatives may be used to obtain or manage market exposures and to hedge assets and liabilities. For fair value measurement policies and procedures related to pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, see Note 2. 

Common and preferred stocks: 

U.S. (1) 

International 

Insurance contracts 

Corporate debt instruments 

Government securities 

Total recorded at fair value 

Assets recorded at NAV (2) : 

Common/collective trust funds 

Alternative investments: 

Real estate funds 

Private equity funds 

Debt funds 

Hedge funds 

Total recorded at NAV 

Total investments (3) 

(1) million and million of Dominion Energy preferred stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 (2) 

 (3) million, net accrued income of million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2022 . Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities of million, net accrued income of million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2021 . 

 The fair values of Dominion Energy s other postretirement plan assets by asset category are as follows: 

At December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(millions) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Common and preferred stocks: 

U.S. (1) 

International 

Insurance contracts 

Corporate debt instruments 

Government securities 

Total recorded at fair value 

Assets recorded at NAV (2) : 

Common/collective trust funds 

Alternative investments: 

Real estate funds 

Private equity funds 

Debt funds 

Hedge funds 

Total recorded at NAV 

Total investments (3) 

(1) million of Dominion Energy preferred stock at December 31, 2022. 

 (2) 

 (3) million, net accrued income of million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2022 . Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities of million, net accrued income of million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2021 . 

The plan assets investments are determined based on the fair values of the investments and the underlying investments, which have been determined as follows: Cash and Cash Equivalents Represents interest-bearing cash, foreign cash, and money market fund. Interest bearing cash and money market fund are valued at cost plus accrued interest. The foreign cash balances are valued at the amount held and translated on the reporting date based on prevailing exchange rates. Foreign cash and money market funds are classified as Level 1. The interest bearing cash is held in variation margin and with various brokers, which are less liquid and therefore has been classified as Level 2. 2021 investments were held primarily in short-term notes and treasury bills, valued at cost plus accrued interest. 

 Common and Preferred Stocks Investments are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Investments in preferred stocks are classified as Level 2 and are valued using pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar securities. This includes basing value on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. 

 Insurance Contracts Investments in Group Annuity Contracts are stated at fair value based on the fair value of the underlying securities as provided by the managers and include investments in U.S. government securities, corporate debt instruments and state and municipal debt securities. 

 Corporate Debt Instruments Investments are valued using pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar securities. This includes basing value on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. When quoted prices are not available for identical or similar instruments, the instrument is valued under a discounted cash flows approach that maximizes observable inputs, such as current yields of similar instruments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may not be observable, such as credit and liquidity risks or a broker quote, if available. 

 Government Securities Investments are valued using pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar securities. 

 Common/Collective Trust Funds Common/collective trust funds invest in debt and equity securities and other instruments with characteristics similar to those of the funds benchmarks. The primary objectives of the funds are to seek investment returns that approximate the overall performance of their benchmark indexes. These benchmarks are major equity indices, fixed income indices and money market indices that focus on growth, income and liquidity strategies, as 

 applicable. Investments in common/collective trust funds are stated at the NAV as determined by the issuer of the common/collective trust funds and are based on the fair value of the underlying investments held by the fund less its liabilities. The NAV is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value. The common/collective trust funds do not have any unfunded commitments, and do not have any applicable liquidation periods or defined terms/periods to be held. The majority of the common/collective trust funds have limited withdrawal or redemption restrictions during the term of the investment. 

 Alternative Investments Investments in real estate funds, private equity funds, debt funds and hedge funds are stated at fair value based on the NAV of the plan s proportionate share of the partnership, joint venture or other alternative investment s fair value as determined by reference to audited financial statements or NAV statements provided by the investment manager. The NAV, which is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value, is adjusted for contributions and distributions occurring between the investment manager and Dominion Energy s measurement date. These valuations also involve assumptions and methods that are reviewed, evaluated, and adjusted, if necessary, by Dominion Energy. 

 Net Periodic Benefit (Credit) Cost The service cost component of net periodic benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income , except for million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, presented in discontinued operations. There were no such amounts reflected in discontinued operations for 2022. The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost are reflected in other income in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Settlements, curtailments and special termination benefits (1) 

() 

() 

Net periodic benefit (credit) cost 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and liabilities: 

Current year net actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

() 

Prior service (credit) cost 

() 

() 

Settlements and curtailments (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Less amounts included in net periodic benefit cost: 

Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service credit (cost) 

() 

Sale of Hope 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Significant assumptions used to determine periodic cost: 

Discount rate 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Crediting interest rate for cash balance and similar plans 
 
 - 

- 

- 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Healthcare cost trend rate (2) 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) (2) 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate (2) 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 

 (2) 

() 

Prior service (credit) cost 

() 

() 

Total (1) 

() 

() 
 
 (1) billion and million related to pension benefits and other postretirement benefits, billion and million, respectively, are included in AOCI, with the remainder included in regulatory assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2021 , of the billion and million related to pension benefits and other postretirement benefits, billion and million, respectively, are included in AOCI, with the remainder included in regulatory assets and liabilities. 

The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality are critical assumptions in determining net periodic benefit (credit) cost. Dominion Energy develops non-investment related assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. An internal committee selects the final assumptions used for Dominion Energy s pension and other postretirement plans including discount rates, expected long-term rates of return, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates. Dominion Energy determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for its pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of: Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 

 Historical return analysis to determine long term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes; 

 Expected future risk premiums, asset classes volatilities and correlations; 

 Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major capital market assumptions; and 

 Investment allocation of plan assets. 

 Dominion Energy determines discount rates from analyses of AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. Mortality rates are developed from actual and projected plan experience for postretirement benefit plans. Dominion Energy s actuary conducts an experience study periodically as part of the process to select its best estimate of mortality. Dominion Energy considers both standard mortality tables and improvement factors as well as the plans actual experience when selecting a best estimate. Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for Dominion Energy s retiree healthcare plans. Dominion Energy establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected and demographics of plan participants. Virginia Power Participation in Defined Benefit Plans Virginia Power employees are covered by the Dominion Energy Pension Plan described above. As a participating employer, Virginia Power is subject to Dominion Energy s funding policy, which is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance with ERISA. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Virginia Power made payments to Dominion Energy of million, million and million, respectively, related to its participation in the Dominion Energy Pension Plan. Virginia Power s net periodic pension cost related to this plan was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net periodic benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in Virginia Power s Consolidated Statements of Income. The funded status of various Dominion Energy subsidiary groups and employee compensation are the basis for determining the share of total pension costs for participating Dominion Energy subsidiaries. See Note 25 for Virginia Power amounts due to/from Dominion Energy related to this plan. Retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits, for Virginia Power employees are covered by the Dominion Energy Retiree Health and Welfare Plan described above. Virginia Power s net periodic benefit (credit) cost related to this plan was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net periodic benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in Virginia Power s Consolidated Statements of Income. Employee headcount is the basis for determining the share of total other postretirement benefit costs for participating Dominion Energy subsidiaries. See Note 25 for Virginia Power amounts due to/from Dominion Energy related to this plan. Dominion Energy holds investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments for the pension and other postretirement benefit plans in which Virginia Power s employees participate. Any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash that Virginia Power will provide to Dominion Energy for its share of employee benefit plan contributions. Virginia Power funds other postretirement benefit costs through VEBAs. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Virginia Power made contributions to the VEBAs and does t expect to contribute to the VEBAs in 2023. Defined Contribution Plans 

 million, million and million, respectively, as employer matching contributions to these plans, excluding discontinued operations. Virginia Power also participates in these employee savings plans. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 , Virginia Power recognized million, million and million, respectively, as employer matching contributions to these plans . 
 
 Environmental Matters The Companies are subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. These laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. They can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations. Air The CAA, as amended, is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation s air quality. At a minimum, states are required to establish regulatory programs to meet applicable requirements of the CAA. However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many of the Companies facilities are subject to the CAA s permitting and other requirements. Ozone Standards The EPA published final non-attainment designations for the October 2015 ozone standard in June 2018 with states required to develop plans to address the new standard. Certain states in which the Companies operate have developed plans, and had such plans approved or partially approved by the EPA, which are not expected to have a material impact on the Companies results of operations or cash flows. However, until implementation plans for the standard are developed and approved for all states in which the Companies operate, the Companies are unable to predict whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require additional controls. The expenditures required to implement additional controls could have a material impact on the Companies results of operations and cash flows. ACE Rule In July 2019, the EPA published the final rule informally referred to as the ACE Rule, as a replacement for the Clean Power Plan. The ACE Rule regulated GHG emissions from existing coal-fired power plants pursuant to Section 111(d) of the CAA and required states to develop plans by July 2022 establishing unit-specific performance standards for existing coal-fired power plants. In January 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the ACE Rule and remanded it to the EPA. This decision would take effect upon issuance of the court s mandate. In March 2021, the court issued a partial mandate vacating and remanding all parts of the ACE Rule except for the portion of the ACE Rule that repealed the Clean Power Plan. In October 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear a challenge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit s decision on the ACE Rule. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the D.C. Circuit s decision on the ACE Rule and remanded the case back to the D.C. Circuit. Until the case is resolved by the D.C. Circuit and/or the EPA issues new rulemaking, the Companies cannot predict an impact to its operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Carbon Regulations In August 2016, the EPA issued a draft rule proposing to reaffirm that a source s obligation to obtain a PSD or Title V permit for GHGs is triggered only if such permitting requirements are first triggered by non-GHG, or conventional, pollutants that are regulated by the New Source Review program, and exceed a significant emissions rate of tons per year of CO 2 equivalent emissions. Until the EPA ultimately takes final action on this rulemaking, the Companies cannot predict the impact to their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. In December 2018, the EPA proposed revised Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources. The proposed rule would amend the previous determination that the best system of emission reduction for newly constructed coal-fired steam generating units is no longer partial carbon capture and storage. Instead, the proposed revised best system of emission reduction for this source category is the most efficient demonstrated steam cycle (e.g., supercritical steam conditions for large units and subcritical steam conditions for small units) in combination with best operating practices. The proposed revision to the performance standards for coal-fired steam generating units remains pending. Until the EPA ultimately takes final action on this rulemaking, the Companies cannot predict the impact to their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Water The CWA, as amended, is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. The Companies must comply with applicable aspects of the CWA programs at their operating facilities. Regulation 316(b) In October 2014, the final regulations under Section 316(b) of the CWA that govern existing facilities and new units at existing facilities that employ a cooling water intake structure and that have flow levels exceeding a minimum threshold became effective. The rule establishes a national standard for impingement based on seven compliance options, but forgoes the creation of a single technology standard for entrainment. Instead, the EPA has delegated entrainment technology decisions to state regulators. State regulators are to make case-by-case entrainment technology determinations after an examination of mandatory facility-specific factors, including a social cost-benefit test, and optional facility-specific factors. The rule governs all electric generating stations with water withdrawals above MGD, with a heightened entrainment analysis for those facilities over MGD. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power currently have and facilities, respectively, that are subject to the final regulations. Dominion Energy is also working with the EPA and state regulatory agencies to assess the applicability of Section 316(b) to hydroelectric facilities, including Virginia Power facilities. The Companies anticipate that they may have to install impingement control technologies at certain of these stations that have once-through cooling systems. The Companies are currently evaluating the need or potential for entrainment controls under the final rule as these decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis after a thorough review of detailed biological, technological, and cost benefit studies. DESC is conducting studies and implementing plans as required by the rule to determine appropriate intake structure modifications at certain facilities to ensure compliance with this rule. While the impacts of this rule could be material to the Companies results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regulatory frameworks in South Carolina and Virginia provide rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts for the regulated electric utilities. Effluent Limitations Guidelines In September 2015, the EPA released a final rule to revise the Effluent Limitations Guidelines for the Steam Electric Power Generating Category. The final rule established updated standards for wastewater discharges that apply primarily at coal and oil steam generating stations. Affected facilities are required to convert from wet to dry or closed cycle coal ash management, improve existing wastewater treatment systems and/or install new wastewater treatment technologies in order to meet the new discharge limits. In April 2017, the EPA granted separate petitions for reconsideration of the Effluent Limitations Guidelines final rule and stayed future compliance dates in the rule. Also in April 2017, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted the EPA s request for a stay of the pending consolidated litigation challenging the rule while the EPA addresses the petitions for reconsideration. In September 2017, the EPA signed a rule to postpone the earliest compliance dates for certain waste streams regulations in the Effluent Limitations Guidelines final rule from November 2018 to November 2020; however, the latest date for compliance for these regulations was December 2023. In October 2020, the EPA released the final rule that extends the latest dates for compliance. Individual facilities compliance dates will vary based on circumstances and the determination by state regulators and may range from to . While the impacts of this rule could be material to the Companies results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regulatory frameworks in South Carolina and Virginia provide rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts for the regulated electric utilities. Waste Management and Remediation The operations of the Companies are subject to a variety of state and federal laws and regulations governing the management and disposal of solid and hazardous waste, and release of hazardous substances associated with current and/or historical operations. The CERCLA, as amended, and similar state laws, may impose joint, several and strict liability for cleanup on potentially responsible parties who owned, operated or arranged for disposal at facilities affected by a release of hazardous substances. In addition, many states have created programs to incentivize voluntary remediation of sites where historical releases of hazardous substances are identified and property owners or responsible parties decide to initiate cleanups. From time to time, the Companies may be identified as a potentially responsible party in connection with the alleged release of hazardous substances or wastes at a site. Under applicable federal and state laws, the Companies could be responsible for costs associated with the investigation or remediation of impacted sites, or subject to contribution claims by other responsible parties for their costs incurred at such sites. The Companies also may identify, evaluate and remediate other potentially impacted sites under voluntary state programs. Remediation costs may be subject to reimbursement under the Companies insurance policies, rate recovery mechanisms, or both. Except as described below, the Companies do not believe these matters will have a material effect on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Dominion Energy has determined that it is associated with former manufactured gas plant sites, including certain sites associated with Virginia Power. At sites associated with Dominion Energy, remediation work has been substantially completed under federal or state oversight. Where required, the sites are following state-approved groundwater monitoring programs. Dominion Energy commenced remediation activities at site in the second quarter of 2022. In addition, Dominion Energy has proposed remediation plans for site at Virginia Power and expects to commence remediation activities in 2023 depending on receipt of final permits and approvals. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Dominion Energy had million and million, respectively, of reserves recorded. Dominion Energy s reserves include charges of million million after-tax) recorded in 2020, in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Virginia Power had million of reserves recorded. Virginia Power s reserves include charges of million million after-tax) recorded in 2020, in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Dominion Energy is associated with additional sites, including associated with Virginia Power, which are not under investigation by any state or federal environmental agency nor the subject of any current or proposed plans to perform remediation activities. Due to the uncertainty surrounding such sites, the Companies are unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement impacts. Other Legal Matters The Companies are defendants in a number of lawsuits and claims involving unrelated incidents of property damage and personal injury. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these matters, the Companies are unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement impacts; however, they could have a material impact on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. SCANA Legal Proceedings The following describes certain legal proceedings involving Dominion Energy, SCANA or DESC relating primarily to events occurring before closing of the SCANA Combination. No reference to, or disclosure of, any proceeding, item or matter described below shall be construed as an admission or indication that such proceeding, item or matter is material. For certain of these matters, and unless otherwise noted therein, Dominion Energy is unable to estimate a reasonable range of possible loss and the related financial statement impacts, but for any such matter there could be a material impact to its results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. For the matters for which Dominion Energy is able to reasonably estimate a probable loss, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include reserves of million and million, respectively, included in other current liabilities, and insurance receivables of million and million, respectively, included within other receivables. These balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include million and million, respectively, of offsetting reserves and insurance receivables related to personal injury or wrongful death cases which are currently pending. During the year ended December 31, 2022, charges included in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income were inconsequential. Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 include charges of million million after-tax) and million million after-tax), respectively, within impairment of assets and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). In addition, Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020 include charges of million million after-tax) within other income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). SCANA Shareholder Litigation In September 2017, a shareholder derivative action was filed against certain former executive officers and directors of SCANA in the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina (the State Court Derivative Case). In September 2018, this action was consolidated with another action in the Business Court Pilot Program in Richland County. The plaintiffs allege, among other things, that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by their gross mismanagement of the NND Project, and that the defendants were unjustly enriched by bonuses they were paid in connection with the project. In January 2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated action. In February 2019, one action was voluntarily dismissed. In March 2020, the court denied the defendants motion to dismiss. In April 2020, the defendants filed a notice of appeal with the South Carolina Court of Appeals and a petition with the Supreme Court of South Carolina seeking appellate review of the denial of the motion to dismiss. In June 2020, the plaintiffs filed a motion to dismiss the appeal with the South Carolina Court of Appeals, which was granted in July 2020. In August 2020, the Supreme Court of South Carolina denied the defendants petition seeking appellate review. Also in August 2020, the defendants filed a petition for rehearing with the South Carolina Court of Appeals relating to the July 2020 ruling by the court, which was denied in October 2020. In November 2020, SCANA filed a petition of certiorari with the Supreme Court of South Carolina seeking appellate review of the denial of SCANA s motion to dismiss. This petition was denied in June 2021. Also in June 2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle in the amount of million to resolve this matter, subject to court approval. This settlement was reached in contemplation of and to be utilized to satisfy a portion of the Federal Court Merger Case and the State Court Merger Case discussed below. In November 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and filed with the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina for approval. In June 2022, the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina issued final approval of the settlement agreement with the funds utilized to satisfy a portion of the State Court Merger Case as discussed below. In January 2018, a purported class action was filed against SCANA, Dominion Energy and certain former executive officers and directors of SCANA in the State Court of Common Pleas in Lexington County, South Carolina (the City of Warren Lawsuit). The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that defendants violated their fiduciary duties to shareholders by executing a merger agreement that would unfairly deprive plaintiffs of the true value of their SCANA stock, and that Dominion Energy aided and abetted these actions. Among other remedies, the plaintiff seeks to enjoin and/or rescind the merger. In February 2018, a purported class action was filed against Dominion Energy and certain former directors of SCANA and DESC in the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina (the Metzler Lawsuit). The allegations made and the relief sought by the plaintiffs are substantially similar to that described for the City of Warren Lawsuit. In September 2019, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina granted the plaintiffs motion to consolidate the City of Warren Lawsuit and the Metzler Lawsuit (the Federal Court Merger Case). In October 2019, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint against certain former directors and executive officers of SCANA and DESC, which stated substantially similar allegations to those in the City of Warren Lawsuit and the Metzler Lawsuit as well as an inseparable fraud claim. In November 2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss. In April 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina denied the motion to dismiss. In May 2020, SCANA filed a motion to intervene, which was denied in August 2020. In September 2020, SCANA filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. In June 2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle in the amount of million to resolve this matter as well as the State Court Merger Case described below, subject to court approval. This settlement was reached in contemplation of and to be partially satisfied by the State Court Derivative Case settlement described above. In November 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement, as described above relating to this matter as well as the State Court Derivative Case and the State Court Merger Case, and filed with the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina for approval. In June 2022, this case was dismissed in connection with the final approval by the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina of the settlement agreement. In May 2019, a case was filed against certain former executive officers and directors of SCANA in the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina (the State Court Merger Case). The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by their gross mismanagement of the NND Project, were unjustly enriched by the bonuses they were paid in connection with the project and breached their fiduciary duties to secure and obtain the best price for the sale of SCANA. Also in May 2019, the case was removed to the U.S. District Court of South Carolina by the non-South Carolina defendants. In June 2019, the plaintiffs filed a motion to remand the case to state court. In January 2020, the case was remanded to state court. In February 2020, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss. In June 2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle as described above relating to this matter as well as the Federal Court Merger Case and the State Court Derivative Case. In November 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement, as described above relating to this matter as well as the State Court Derivative Case and the Federal Court Merger Case, and filed with the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina for approval. In June 2022, the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina issued final approval of the settlement agreement. Also in June 2022, Dominion Energy utilized the million of insurance proceeds from the State Court Derivative Case settlement, the issuance of million shares of its common stock and the payment of million in cash to satisfy its obligations under the settlement agreement. Employment Class Actions and Indemnification In August 2017, a case was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina on behalf of persons who were formerly employed at the NND Project. In July 2018, the court certified this case as a class action. In February 2019, certain of these plaintiffs filed an additional case, which case has been dismissed and the plaintiffs have joined the case filed August 2017. The plaintiffs allege, among other things, that SCANA, DESC, Fluor Corporation and Fluor Enterprises, Inc. violated the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act in connection with the decision to stop construction at the NND Project. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants failed to provide adequate advance written notice of their terminations of employment and are seeking damages, which could be as much as million for of the NND Project. In January 2021, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina granted summary judgment in favor of SCANA, DESC, Fluor Corporation and Fluor Enterprises, Inc. In February 2021, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. In November 2021, the U.S Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed the lower court ruling. In March 2022, the deadline to file an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States expired. In September 2018, a case was filed in the State Court of Common Pleas in Fairfield County, South Carolina by Fluor Enterprises, Inc. and Fluor Daniel Maintenance Services, Inc. against DESC and Santee Cooper. The plaintiffs make claims for indemnification, breach of contract and promissory estoppel arising from, among other things, the defendants' alleged failure and refusal to defend and indemnify the Fluor defendants in the aforementioned case. As a result of the ruling in favor of the defendants in the aforementioned case, DESC was able to resolve Fluor s claims for an inconsequential amount. Governmental Proceedings and Investigations In June 2018, DESC received a notice of proposed assessment of approximately million, excluding interest, from the SCDOR following its audit of DESC s sales and use tax returns for the periods September 1, 2008 through December 31, 2017. The proposed assessment, which includes of the NND Project, is based on the SCDOR s position that DESC s sales and use tax exemption for the NND Project does not apply because the facility will not become operational. In December 2020, the parties reached an agreement in principle in the amount of million to resolve this matter. In June 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement which allows DESC to fund the settlement amount through a combination of cash, shares of Dominion Energy common stock or real estate with an initial payment of at least million in shares of Dominion Energy common stock. In August 2021, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock to satisfy DESC s obligation for the initial payment under the settlement agreement. In May 2022, Dominion Energy issued an additional million shares of its common stock to partially satisfy DESC s remaining obligation under the settlement agreement. In June 2022, DESC requested approval from the South Carolina Commission to transfer certain real estate with a total settlement value of million to satisfy its remaining obligation under the settlement agreement. In July 2022, the South Carolina Commission voted to approve the request and issued its final order in August 2022. In September 2022, DESC transferred certain non-utility property with a fair value of million to the SCDOR under the settlement agreement, resulting in a gain of million million after-tax) recorded in losses (gains) on sales of assets (reflected in Dominion Energy South Carolina) in Dominion Energy s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. In December 2022, DESC transferred additional utility property with a fair value of million to the SCDOR, resulting in an inconsequential gain. In October 2022, DESC filed for approval to transfer the remaining real estate with FERC which was received in November 2022. The transfers of such utility properties are expected to be completed by early 2024 and to result in a gain of approximately million upon completion. Matters Fully Resolved Prior to 2022 Ratepayer Class Actions In May 2018, a consolidated complaint against DESC, SCANA and the State of South Carolina was filed in the State Court of Common Pleas in Hampton County, South Carolina (the DESC Ratepayer Case). The plaintiffs alleged, among other things, that DESC was negligent and unjustly enriched, breached alleged fiduciary and contractual duties and committed fraud and misrepresentation in failing to properly manage the NND Project, and that DESC committed unfair trade practices and violated state anti-trust laws. In December 2018, the State Court of Common Pleas in Hampton County entered an order granting preliminary approval of a class action settlement. The court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement in June 2019, which became effective in July 2019. The settlement agreement, contingent upon the closing of the SCANA Combination, provided that SCANA and DESC establish an escrow account and proceeds from the escrow account would be distributed to the plaintiffs, after payment of certain taxes, attorneys' fees and other expenses and administrative costs. The escrow account would include (1) up to billion, net of a credit of up to billion in future electric bill relief, which would inure to the benefit of the escrow account in favor of class members over a period of time established by the South Carolina Commission in its order related to matters before the South Carolina Commission related to the NND Project, (2) a cash payment of million and (3) the transfer of certain DESC-owned real estate or sales proceeds from the sale of such properties, which counsel for the plaintiffs estimated to have an aggregate value between million and million. At the closing of the SCANA Combination, SCANA and DESC funded the cash payment portion of the escrow account. In July 2019, DESC transferred million representing the cash payment, plus accrued interest, to the plaintiffs. Through August 2020, property, plant and equipment with a net recorded value of million had been transferred to the plaintiffs in coordination with the court-appointed real estate trustee to satisfy the settlement agreement. In September 2020, the court entered an order approving a final resolution of the transfer of real estate or sales proceeds with a cash contribution of million by DESC and the conveyance of property, plant and equipment with a net recorded value of million, which was completed by DESC in October 2020. In December 2021, the court approved a motion for and DESC completed the repurchase of million of property, plant and equipment previously transferred to the plaintiffs. In September 2017, a purported class action was filed by Santee Cooper ratepayers against Santee Cooper, DESC, Palmetto Electric Cooperative, Inc. and Central Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. in the State Court of Common Pleas in Hampton County, South Carolina (the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case). The allegations were substantially similar to those in the DESC Ratepayer Case. In March 2020, the parties executed a settlement agreement relating to this matter as well as the Luquire Case and the Glibowski Case described below. The settlement agreement provided that Dominion Energy and Santee Cooper establish a fund for the benefit of class members in the amount of million, of which Dominion Energy s portion was million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock. In July 2020, the court issued a final approval of the settlement agreement. In September 2020, Dominion Energy issued million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock to satisfy its obligation under the settlement agreement, including interest charges. In July 2019, a similar purported class action was filed by certain Santee Cooper ratepayers against DESC, SCANA, Dominion Energy and former directors and officers of SCANA in the State Court of Common Pleas in Orangeburg, South Carolina (the Luquire Case). In August 2019, DESC, SCANA and Dominion Energy were voluntarily dismissed from the case. The claims were similar to the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case. In March 2020, the parties executed a settlement agreement as described above relating to this matter as well as the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case and the Glibowski Case. This case was dismissed as part of the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case settlement described above. RICO Class Action In January 2018, a purported class action was filed, and subsequently amended, against SCANA, DESC and certain former executive officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina (the Glibowski Case). The plaintiff alleged, among other things, that SCANA, DESC and the individual defendants participated in an unlawful racketeering enterprise in violation of RICO and conspired to violate RICO by fraudulently inflating utility bills to generate unlawful proceeds. In March 2020, the parties executed a settlement agreement as described above relating to this matter as well as the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case and the Luquire Case. This case was dismissed as part of the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case settlement described above. SCANA Shareholder Litigation In September 2017, a purported class action was filed against SCANA and certain former executive officers and directors in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina. Subsequent additional purported class actions were separately filed against all or nearly all of these defendants (collectively the SCANA Securities Class Action). In January 2018, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina consolidated these suits, and the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in March 2018. The plaintiffs alleged, among other things, that the defendants violated 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and that the individually named defendants are liable under 20(a) of the same act. In December 2019, the parties executed a settlement agreement pursuant to which SCANA would pay million, up to million of which could be satisfied through the issuance of shares of Dominion Energy common stock, subject to court approval. In February 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement, pending a fairness hearing, and granted final approval in July 2020. In March 2020, SCANA funded an escrow account with million in cash and paid the balance of million in cash in August 2020 to satisfy the settlement. FILOT Litigation and Related Matters In November 2017, Fairfield County filed a complaint and a motion for temporary injunction against DESC in the State Court of Common Pleas in Fairfield County, South Carolina, making allegations of breach of contract, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of implied duty of good faith and fair dealing and unfair trade practices related to DESC s termination of the FILOT agreement between DESC and Fairfield County related to the NND Project. The plaintiff sought a temporary and permanent injunction to prevent DESC from terminating the FILOT agreement. The plaintiff withdrew the motion for temporary injunction in December 2017. In July 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement requiring DESC to pay million, which could be satisfied in either cash or shares of Dominion Energy common stock. Also in July 2021, the State Court of Common Pleas in Fairfield County, South Carolina approved the settlement. In July 2021, Dominion Energy issued million shares of Dominion Energy common stock to satisfy DESC s obligation under the settlement agreement. Governmental Proceedings and Investigations In September and October 2017, SCANA was served with subpoenas issued by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of South Carolina and the Staff of the SEC s Division of Enforcement seeking documents related to the NND Project. In February 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against SCANA, two of its former executive officers and DESC in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina alleging that the defendants violated federal securities laws by making false and misleading statements about the NND Project. In April 2020, SCANA and DESC reached an agreement in principle with the Staff of the SEC s Division of Enforcement to settle, without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint. In December 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina issued an order approving the settlement which required SCANA to pay a civil monetary penalty totaling million, and SCANA and DESC to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest totaling million, which disgorgement and prejudgment interest amount were deemed satisfied by the settlements in the SCANA Securities Class Action and the DESC Ratepayer Case. SCANA paid the civil penalty in December 2020. The SEC civil action against two former executive officers of SCANA remains pending and is currently subject to a stay granted by the court in June 2020 at the request of the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of South Carolina. In addition, the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division is conducting a criminal investigation into the handling of the NND Project by SCANA and DESC. Dominion Energy is cooperating fully with the investigations by the U.S. Attorney s Office and the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, including responding to additional subpoenas and document requests. Dominion Energy has also entered into a cooperation agreement with the U.S. Attorney s Office and the South Carolina Attorney General s Office. The cooperation agreement provides that in consideration of its full cooperation with these investigations to the satisfaction of both agencies, neither such agency will criminally prosecute or bring any civil action against Dominion Energy or any of its current, previous, or future direct or indirect subsidiaries related to the NND Project. A former executive officer of SCANA entered a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney s Office and the South Carolina Attorney General s Office in June 2020 and entered a guilty plea with the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina in July 2020. Another former executive officer of SCANA entered a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office and the South Carolina Attorney General's Office in November 2020 and entered guilty pleas in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina and in South Carolina state court in February 2021. As a result of the pleas, Dominion Energy has terminated indemnity for these former executive officers related to these two cases. Abandoned NND Project DESC, for itself and as agent for Santee Cooper, entered into an engineering, construction and procurement contract with Westinghouse and WECTEC in 2008 for the design and construction of the NND Project, of which DESC s ownership share is . Various difficulties were encountered in connection with the project. The ability of Westinghouse and WECTEC to adhere to established budgets and construction schedules was affected by many variables, including unanticipated difficulties encountered in connection with project engineering and the construction of project components, constrained financial resources of the contractors, regulatory, legal, training and construction processes associated with securing approvals, permits and licenses and necessary amendments to them within projected time frames, the availability of labor and materials at estimated costs and the efficiency of project labor. There were also contractor and supplier performance issues, difficulties in timely meeting critical regulatory requirements, contract disputes, and changes in key contractors or subcontractors. These matters preceded the filing for bankruptcy protection by Westinghouse and WECTEC in March 2017, and were the subject of comprehensive analyses performed by SCANA and Santee Cooper. Based on the results of SCANA s analysis, and in light of Santee Cooper's decision to suspend construction on the NND Project, in July 2017, SCANA determined to stop the construction of the units and to pursue recovery of costs incurred in connection with the construction under the abandonment provisions of the Base Load Review Act or through other means. This decision by SCANA became the focus of numerous legislative, regulatory and legal proceedings. Some of these proceedings are described above. In September 2017, DESC, for itself and as agent for Santee Cooper, filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York Proofs of Claim for unliquidated damages against each of Westinghouse and WECTEC. These Proofs of Claim were based upon the anticipatory repudiation and material breach by Westinghouse and WECTEC of the contract, and assert against Westinghouse and WECTEC any and all claims that are based thereon or that may be related thereto. Westinghouse s reorganization plan was confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York and became effective in August 2018. In connection with the effectiveness of the reorganization plan, the contract associated with the NND Project was deemed rejected. DESC contested approximately million of filed liens in Fairfield County, South Carolina. Most of these asserted liens were claims that relate to work performed by Westinghouse subcontractors before the Westinghouse bankruptcy, although some of them were claims arising from work performed after the Westinghouse bankruptcy. DESC and Santee Cooper were responsible for amounts owed to Westinghouse for valid work performed by Westinghouse subcontractors on the NND Project after the Westinghouse bankruptcy filing until termination of the interim assessment agreement. In December 2019, DESC and Santee Cooper entered into a confidential settlement agreement with W Wind Down Co LLC resolving claims relating to the interim assessment agreement. Further, some Westinghouse subcontractors that made claims against Westinghouse in the bankruptcy proceeding also filed claims against DESC and Santee Cooper in South Carolina state court for damages. Many of these claimants asserted construction liens against the NND Project site. In December 2021, settlements were reached to resolve all remaining claims made by Westinghouse subcontractors. All amounts for which Dominion Energy was ultimately responsible were funded utilizing, and did not exceed, the portion of the Toshiba Settlement allocated for such balances within the SCANA Merger Approval Order recorded in regulatory liabilities on Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Nuclear Operations Nuclear Decommissioning Minimum Financial Assurance The NRC requires nuclear power plant owners to annually update minimum financial assurance amounts for the future decommissioning of their nuclear facilities. Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. The 2022 calculation for the NRC minimum financial assurance amount, aggregated for Dominion Energy and Virginia Power s nuclear units, excluding joint owners assurance amounts and Millstone Unit 1, as this unit is in a decommissioning state, was billion and billion, respectively, and has been satisfied by a combination of the funds being collected and deposited in the nuclear decommissioning trusts and the real annual rate of return growth of the funds allowed by the NRC. The 2022 NRC minimum financial assurance amounts above were calculated using preliminary December 31, 2022 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics indices. Dominion Energy believes that decommissioning funds and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone units. In addition, Dominion Energy believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Summer unit, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions. The Companies believe the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will be sufficient to cover decommissioning costs, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and contributions are required. This reflects a positive long-term outlook for trust fund investment returns as the decommissioning of the units will not be complete for decades. The Companies will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial assurance requirement, which may include, if needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. See Note 9 for additional information on nuclear decommissioning trust investments. Nuclear Insurance The Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988 provides the public up to billion of liability protection on a per site, per nuclear incident basis, via obligations required of owners of nuclear power plants, and allows for an inflationary provision adjustment every five years. During the third quarter of 2022, the total liability protection per nuclear incident available to all participants in the Secondary Financial Protection Program increased from billion to billion. This increase does not impact Dominion Energy s responsibility per active unit under the Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988. The Companies have purchased million of coverage from commercial insurance pools for Millstone, Summer, Surry and North Anna with the remainder provided through the mandatory industry retrospective rating plan. In the event of a nuclear incident at any licensed nuclear reactor in the U.S., the Companies could be assessed up to million for each of their licensed reactors not to exceed million per year per reactor. There is no limit to the number of incidents for which this retrospective premium can be assessed. The current levels of nuclear property insurance coverage for Millstone, Summer, Surry and North Anna are all billion. The Companies nuclear property insurance coverage for Millstone, Summer, Surry and North Anna meets or exceeds the NRC minimum requirement for nuclear power plant licensees of billion per reactor site. This includes coverage for premature decommissioning and functional total loss. The NRC requires that the proceeds from this insurance be used first, to return the reactor to and maintain it in a safe and stable condition and second, to decontaminate the reactor and station site in accordance with a plan approved by the NRC. Nuclear property insurance is provided by NEIL, a mutual insurance company, and is subject to retrospective premium assessments in any policy year in which losses exceed the funds available to the insurance company. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power's maximum retrospective premium assessment for the current policy period is million and million, respectively. Based on the severity of the incident, the Board of Directors of the nuclear insurer has the discretion to lower or eliminate the maximum retrospective premium assessment. The Companies have the financial responsibility for any losses that exceed the limits or for which insurance proceeds are not available because they must first be used for stabilization and decontamination. Additionally, DESC maintains an excess property insurance policy with the European Mutual Association for Nuclear Insurance. The policy provides coverage to Summer for property damage and outage costs up to million resulting from an event of a non-nuclear origin. The European Mutual Association for Nuclear Insurance policy permits retrospective assessments under certain conditions to cover insurer's losses. Based on the current annual premium, DESC's share of the retrospective premium assessment would not exceed an inconsequential amount. Millstone, Virginia Power and Summer also purchase accidental outage insurance from NEIL to mitigate certain expenses, including replacement power costs, associated with the prolonged outage of a nuclear unit due to direct physical damage. Under this program, the Companies are subject to a retrospective premium assessment for any policy year in which losses exceed funds available to NEIL. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power's maximum retrospective premium assessment for the current policy period is million and million, respectively. ODEC, a part owner of North Anna, Santee Cooper, a part owner of Summer and Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain, part owners of Millstone s Unit 3, are responsible to the Companies for their share of the nuclear decommissioning obligation and insurance premiums on applicable units, including any retrospective premium assessments and any losses not covered by insurance. Spent Nuclear Fuel The Companies entered into contracts with the DOE for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel under provisions of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982. The DOE failed to begin accepting the spent fuel on January 31, 1998, the date provided by the Nuclear Waste Policy Act and by the Companies contracts with the DOE. The Companies have previously received damages award payments and settlement payments related to these contracts. By mutual agreement of the parties, the settlement agreements are extendable to provide for resolution of damages incurred after 2013. The settlement agreements for the Surry, North Anna and Millstone nuclear power stations have been extended and provided for periodic payments for damages incurred through December 31, 2022. In November 2022, the DOE notified the Companies that it intends to extend these agreements through December 31, 2025 and future additional extensions are contemplated by the settlement agreements. A similar agreement for Summer extends until the DOE has accepted the same amount of spent fuel from the facility as if it has fully performed its contractual obligations. In June 2018, a lawsuit for Kewaunee was filed in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for recovery of spent nuclear fuel storage costs incurred after 2013. In March 2019, Dominion Energy amended its filing for recovery of spent nuclear fuel storage to include costs incurred for the year ended December 31, 2018. In January 2022, a settlement agreement was entered into for million. Dominion Energy received the settlement funds in February 2022. In 2022, Virginia Power received payments of million for resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the period of January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020. In addition, Dominion Energy received payments of million for resolution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 and million for resolution of its share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. In 2021, Virginia Power received payments of million for resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the period of January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019. In addition, Dominion Energy received payments of million for resolution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020 and million for resolution of its share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020. In 2020, Virginia Power received payments of million for resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the period of January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018. In addition, Dominion Energy received payments of million for resolution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019 and million for resolution of its share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019. The Companies continue to recognize receivables for certain spent nuclear fuel-related costs that they believe are probable of recovery from the DOE. Dominion Energy s receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Virginia Power s receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Companies will continue to manage their spent fuel until it is accepted by the DOE. Long-Term Purchase Agreements 

(1) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

Guarantees, Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit At December 31, 2022 , Dominion Energy had issued guarantees related to Cove Point, an equity method investment, in support of terminal services, transportation and construction. of the Cove Point guarantees have a cumulative maximum exposure of billion while the other guarantees have maximum limit. No amounts related to these guarantees have been recorded. In addition, at December 31, 2022 , Dominion Energy had issued an additional million of guarantees, primarily to support third parties. No amounts related to these guarantees have been recorded. 

Nuclear obligations (2) 

Solar (3) 

Other (4) 

Total (5)(6) 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) million, which funded total project costs. The project became substantially complete in at which point the facility was available for Dominion Energy s use and the lease term commenced. At the end of the initial lease term, Dominion Energy can (i) the term of the lease for an additional 

 , subject to the approval of the participants, at current market terms, (ii) purchase the property for an amount equal to the project costs or, (iii) subject to certain terms and conditions, sell the property on behalf of the lessor to a third party using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the highest cash purchase price for the property. If the project is sold and the proceeds from the sale are insufficient to repay the investors for the project costs, Dominion Energy may be required to make a payment to the lessor, up to of project costs, for the difference between the project costs and sale proceeds. At December 31, 2022 , amounts have been recorded related to this guarantee. 

Additionally, at December 31, 2022 , Dominion Energy had purchased million of surety bonds, including million at Virginia Power, and authorized the issuance of letters of credit by financial institutions of million to facilitate commercial transactions by its subsidiaries with third parties. Under the terms of surety bonds, the Companies are obligated to indemnify the respective surety bond company for any amounts paid. Indemnifications As part of commercial contract negotiations in the normal course of business, the Companies may sometimes agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible future unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. The specified events may involve an adverse judgment in a lawsuit or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretation of the tax law. The Companies are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of any other future payments under these contracts because events that would obligate them have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence. However, at December 31, 2022, the Companies believe any other future payments, if any, that could ultimately become payable under these contract provisions, would not have a material impact on their results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Charitable Commitments In 2020, Dominion Energy made unconditional promises to several charitable organizations, including to support its commitment to diversity and social justice through scholarship programs and donations to historically black colleges and universities. As a result, Dominion Energy recorded charges totaling million in other income in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. These commitments are to be funded at various intervals through 2028. Dominion Energy s Consolidated Balance Sheets include million and million in other deferred credits and other liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and million and million in other current liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 million. Of this amount, investment grade counterparties, including those internally rated, represented , and single counterparty, whether investment grade or non-investment grade, exceeded million of exposure. Virginia Power Virginia Power sells electricity and provides distribution and transmission services to customers in Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. Management believes that this geographic concentration risk is mitigated by the diversity of Virginia Power s customer base, which includes residential, commercial and industrial customers, as well as rural electric cooperatives and municipalities. Credit risk associated with trade accounts receivable from energy consumers is limited due to the large number of customers. Virginia Power s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from sales to wholesale customers. Virginia Power s gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated prior to the application of collateral. At December 31, 2022 , Virginia Power s credit exposure totaled million. Of this amount, investment grade counterparties, including those internally rated, represented , and single counterparty exceeded million of exposure. Credit-Related Contingent Provisions Certain of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power's derivative instruments contain credit-related contingent provisions. These provisions require Dominion Energy and Virginia Power to provide collateral upon the occurrence of specific events, primarily a credit rating downgrade. If the credit-related contingent features underlying these instruments that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash were fully triggered, Dominion Energy and Virginia Power would have been required to post additional collateral to its counterparties of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 , and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 . The collateral that would be required to be posted includes the impacts of any offsetting asset positions and any amounts already posted for derivatives, non-derivative contracts and derivatives elected under the normal purchases and normal sales exception, per contractual terms. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had both posted collateral of million at December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021 , related to derivatives with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash. In addition, Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had both posted letters of credit as collateral with counterparties covering million of fair value of derivative instruments in a liability position at December 31, 2022. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash for Dominion Energy and Virginia Power was million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021, which does not include the impact of any offsetting asset positions. See Note 7 for further information about derivative instruments. 

 million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021 , Virginia Power s derivative assets and liabilities with affiliates were million and million, respectively. Virginia Power participates in certain Dominion Energy benefit plans as described in Note 22. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Virginia Power s amounts due to Dominion Energy associated with the Dominion Energy Pension Plan and reflected in noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Virginia Power s amounts due from Dominion Energy associated with the Dominion Energy Retiree Health and Welfare Plan and reflected in noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were million and million, respectively. DES and other affiliates provide accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative and technical services to Virginia Power. In addition, Virginia Power provides certain services to affiliates, including charges for facilities and equipment usage. The financial statements for all years presented include costs for certain general, administrative and corporate expenses assigned by DES to Virginia Power on the basis of direct and allocated methods in accordance with Virginia Power s services agreements with DES. Where costs incurred cannot be determined by specific identification, the costs are allocated based on the proportional level of effort devoted by DES resources that is attributable to the entity, determined by reference to number of employees, salaries and wages and other similar measures for the relevant DES service. Management believes the assumptions and methodologies underlying the allocation of general corporate overhead expenses are reasonable. 

Services provided by affiliates (1) 

Services provided to affiliates 

(1) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 Virginia Power has borrowed funds from Dominion Energy under short-term borrowing arrangements. In November 2022, Virginia Power amended its intercompany credit facility with Dominion Energy to increase the maximum capacity to billion. There were billion and million in short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion Energy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The weighted-average interest rate of these borrowings was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Virginia Power had outstanding borrowings, net of repayments under the Dominion Energy money pool for its nonregulated subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Interest charges related to Virginia Power s borrowings from Dominion Energy were million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There were issuances of Virginia Power s common stock to Dominion Energy in 2022, 2021 or 2020. In January 2023, Virginia Power entered into a lease contract with an affiliated entity for the use of a Jones Act compliant offshore wind installation vessel currently under development with commencement of the lease term in at a total cost of approximately million plus ancillary services. 

In addition to the operating segments above, the Companies also report a Corporate and Other segment. Dominion Energy The Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion Energy includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) as well as its noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization and its nonregulated retail energy marketing operations (prior to December 2021), including its noncontrolling interest in Wrangler (through March 2022). In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments performance or in allocating resources, as well as the net impact of the gas transmission and storage operations, including its noncontrolling interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline, reported as discontinued operations which are discussed in Notes 3 and 9. In 2022, Dominion Energy reported after-tax net expenses of billion in the Corporate and Other segment, including billion of after-tax net expenses for specific items with billion of after tax-net expenses attributable to its operating segments. The net expenses for specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments in 2022 primarily related to the impact of the following items: A billion billion after-tax) charge associated with the impairment of certain nonregulated solar generation facilities, attributable to Contracted Assets; 

 A million million after-tax) loss associated with the sale of Kewaunee, attributable to Contracted Assets; 

 A million million after-tax) loss related to investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds, attributable to: 

 Contracted Assets million after-tax); and 

 Dominion Energy Virginia million after-tax); 

 A million million after-tax) charge for amortization of a regulatory asset established in connection with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 million million after-tax) of charges for dismantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation facilities, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 million million after-tax) of charges associated with storm damage and service restoration, attributable to: 

 Dominion Energy Virginia million after-tax); and 

 Contracted Assets million after-tax); 

 A million million after-tax) charge associated with the write-off of inventory, attributable to: 

 Contracted Assets million after-tax); and 

 Dominion Energy Virginia million after-tax); and 

 A million benefit million after-tax loss) associated with the sale of Hope, attributable to Gas Distribution; partially offset by 

 A million million after-tax) gain related to economic hedging activities, attributable to Contracted Assets. 

 In 2021, Dominion Energy reported after-tax net expenses of million in the Corporate and Other segment, including million of after-tax net benefit for specific items with million of after tax-net expenses attributable to its operating segments. The net expenses for specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments in 2021 primarily related to the impact of the following items: A million million after-tax) loss related to economic hedging activities, attributable to Contracted Assets; 

 million million after-tax) of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case, attributable to Dominion Energy South Carolina; 

 A million million after-tax) net loss on the sale of non-wholly-owned nonregulated solar facilities, attributable to Contracted Assets; 

 A million million after-tax) loss from an unbilled revenue reduction at Virginia Power, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) net charge associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge for the forgiveness of Virginia retail electric customer accounts in arrears pursuant to Virginia s 2021 budget process, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge associated with litigation acquired in the SCANA Combination, attributable to Dominion Energy South Carolina; 

 A million million after-tax) charge associated with storm damage and service restoration in Virginia Power s service territory, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge for amortization of a regulatory asset established in connection with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; and 

 A million million after-tax) charge related to a revision in estimated recovery of spent nuclear fuel costs associated with the decommissioning of Kewaunee, attributable to Contracted Assets; partially offset by 

 A million million after-tax) gain related to investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds, attributable to: 

 Contracted Assets million after-tax); and 

 Dominion Energy Virginia million after-tax); and 

 A million million after-tax) benefit for a change in the expected CCRO to be provided to Virginia retail electric customers under the GTSA, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia. 

 In 2020, Dominion Energy reported after-tax net expenses of billion in the Corporate and Other segment, including billion of after-tax net expenses for specific items with billion of after-tax net expenses attributable to its operating segments. The net expenses for specific items attributable to Dominion Energy s operating segments in 2020 primarily related to the impact of the following items: A million million after-tax) charge primarily related to the planned early retirement of certain Virginia Power electric generation facilities, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge associated with certain nonregulated solar generation facilities, attributable to Contracted Assets; 

 A million million after-tax) charge associated with the sale of Fowler Ridge, attributable to Contracted Assets; and 

 A million million after-tax) charge for the expected CCRO to be provided to Virginia retail electric customers under the GTSA, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 

 A million million after-tax) charge for the forgiveness of Virginia retail electric customer accounts in arrears pursuant to legislation enacted in November 2020, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; and 

 A million million after-tax) of charges associated with litigation acquired in the SCANA Combination, attributable to Dominion Energy South Carolina; partially offset by 

 A million million after-tax) net gain related to investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds attributable to: 

 Dominion Energy Virginia million after-tax); and 

 Contracted Assets million after-tax). 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Dominion Energy Virginia 

Gas Distribution 

Dominion Energy South Carolina 

Contracted Assets 

Corporate and Other 

Adjustments Eliminations 

Consolidated Total 

(millions) 

2022 

Total revenue from external customers 

() 

Intersegment revenue 

() 

() 

Total operating revenue 

() 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Equity in earnings of equity method investees 

Interest income (expense) 

() 

Interest and related charges (benefit) 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

Investment in equity method investees (1) 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets (billions) 

() 

2021 

Total revenue from external customers 

() 

Intersegment revenue 

() 

() 

Total operating revenue 

() 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Equity in earnings of equity method investees 

() 

Interest income 

() 

Interest and related charges 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

Investment in equity method investees (1) 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets (billions) 

() 

2020 

Total revenue from external customers 

Intersegment revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Total operating revenue 

() 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Equity in earnings of equity method investees 

() 

Interest income 

() 

Interest and related charges 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures 

(1) 

Intersegment sales and transfers for Dominion Energy are based on contractual arrangements and may result in intersegment profit or loss that is eliminated in consolidation, including amounts related to entities presented within discontinued operations. Virginia Power The Corporate and Other Segment of Virginia Power primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment s performance or in allocating resources. In 2022, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of million in the Corporate and Other segment, including million of after-tax net expenses for specific items all of which were attributable to its operating segment. The net expenses for specific items attributable to its operating segment in 2022 primarily related to the impact of the following items: A million million after-tax) charge for amortization of a regulatory asset established in connection with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 

 A million million after-tax) charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates; 

 A million million after-tax) charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses; 

 million million after-tax) of charges for dismantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation facilities; 

 million million after-tax) of charges associated with storm damage and service restoration in its service territory; and 

 A million million after-tax) loss related to investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 

 In 2021, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of million in the Corporate and Other segment, including million of after-tax net expenses for specific items all of which were attributable to its operating segment. The net expenses for specific items attributable to its operating segment in 2021 primarily related to the impact of the following items: A million million after-tax) loss from an unbilled revenue reduction; 

 A million million after-tax) net charge associated with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 

 A million million after-tax) charge for the forgiveness of Virginia retail electric customer accounts in arrears pursuant to Virginia s 2021 budget process; 

 A million million after-tax) charge associated with storm damage and service restoration in its service territory; and 

 A million million after-tax) charge for amortization of a regulatory asset established in connection with the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; partially offset by 

 A million million after-tax) benefit for a change in the expected CCRO to be provided to Virginia retail electric customers under the GTSA. 

 In 2020, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of million in the Corporate and Other segment, including million of after-tax net expenses for specific items all of which were attributable to its operating segment. The net expenses for specific items attributable to its operating segment in 2020 primarily related to a million million after-tax) charge related to the planned early retirement of certain electric generation facilities, a million million after-tax) charge for the expected CCRO to be provided to Virginia retail electric customers under the GTSA and a million million after-tax) charge for the forgiveness of Virginia retail electric customer accounts in arrears pursuant to legislation enacted in November 2020. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest income 

Interest and related charges (benefit) 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets (billions) 

2021 

Operating revenue 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest income 

Interest and related charges (benefit) 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets (billions) 

2020 

Operating revenue 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest income 

Interest and related charges (benefit) 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Capital expenditures 

198 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 Dominion Energy 
 Senior management of Dominion Energy, including Dominion Energy s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Dominion Energy s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, Dominion Energy s CEO and CFO have concluded that Dominion Energy s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Dominion Energy s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Dominion Energy understands and accepts responsibility for Dominion Energy's financial statements and related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Dominion Energy continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control, just as Dominion Energy does throughout all aspects of its business. 
 Dominion Energy maintains a system of internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system includes written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Dominion Energy, composed entirely of independent directors, meets periodically with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss auditing, internal control, and financial reporting matters of Dominion Energy and to ensure that each is properly discharging its responsibilities. Both the independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors periodically meet alone with the Audit Committee and have free access to the Audit Committee at any time. 
 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require Dominion Energy s 2022 Annual Report to contain a management's report and a report of the independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, Dominion Energy tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based on its assessment as of December 31, 2022, Dominion Energy makes the following assertions: 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Dominion Energy. 
 There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 Management evaluated Dominion Energy s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Dominion Energy maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Dominion Energy s independent registered public accounting firm is engaged to express an opinion on Dominion Energy s internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 February 21, 2023 

199 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Dominion Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries Dominion Energy at December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, Dominion Energy maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements at and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Dominion Energy and our report dated February 21, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 Dominion Energy s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Dominion Energy s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Dominion Energy in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 February 21, 2023 
 
 200 
 
 Virginia Power 
 Senior management of Virginia Power, including Virginia Power s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Virginia Power s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, Virginia Power s CEO and CFO have concluded that Virginia Power s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Virginia Power s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Virginia Power understands and accepts responsibility for Virginia Power's financial statements and related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Virginia Power continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control, just as it does throughout all aspects of its business. 
 Virginia Power maintains a system of internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system includes written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits. 
 The Board of Directors also serves as Virginia Power's Audit Committee and meets periodically with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss Virginia Power's auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters and to ensure that each is properly discharging its responsibilities. 
 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require Virginia Power's 2022 Annual Report to contain a management's report regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, Virginia Power tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based on the assessment as of December 31, 2022, Virginia Power makes the following assertions: 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Virginia Power. 
 There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 Management evaluated Virginia Power's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Virginia Power maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of Virginia Power's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report is not subject to attestation by Virginia Power's independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to a permanent exemption under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 February 21, 2023 

201 
 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 
 Explanatory Note: The following information is filed in this Form 10-K in lieu of being filed pursuant to Item 5.03 in a Form 8-K. The date of the events reported below was February 20, 2023. 
 On February 20, 2023, the Board of Directors, as part of a periodic review of Dominion Energy s governance documents, approved changes to Dominion Energy s Bylaws, effective as of February 20, 2023. The amendments, among other things: 
 clarify the Board of Directors ability to adjourn, postpone or reschedule shareholder meetings whether or not a quorum is present without establishing a new record date unless the meeting is adjourned for more than 120 days; 

provide that the annual meeting of shareholders may be held at any time determined by the Board of Directors, as opposed to only in May; 

clarify that if there is no quorum present at a meeting, the Chair may adjourn the meeting without notice other than an announcement at the meeting until a quorum is present; 

expand the scope of disclosures required by a shareholder seeking to bring business (other than a director nomination) before a meeting of shareholders, known as a proposing shareholder, to include: 

a representation that such shareholder is a shareholder of record, is entitled to vote at the annual meeting of the shareholders, will continue to be a shareholder of record at the annual meeting of the shareholders, and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting of the shareholders to bring the business before the meeting specified in the notice; 

any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by, or on behalf of, the proposing shareholder or any associated person, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in an underlying class of Dominion Energy s stock, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, the proposing shareholder or any associated person, with respect to Dominion Energy s shares, or relates to the acquisition or disposition of any Dominion Energy shares; 

any agreement pursuant to which the proposing shareholder or any associated person, has a right to vote or direct the voting of any of the Dominion Energy s securities; 

any rights to dividends on Dominion Energy s shares owned beneficially by the proposing shareholder and any associated person that are separated or separable from the underlying Dominion Energy s shares; 

any proportionate interest in Dominion Energy s shares or any derivative instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership or limited liability company or similar entity in which the proposing shareholder or any associated person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner, is the manager or managing member or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in the manager or managing member of a limited liability company or similar entity; 

any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that the proposing shareholder or any associated person is entitled to based on the increase or decrease in the value of Dominion Energy s shares or derivative instruments; 

the information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if such statement were required to be filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by such shareholder and any associated person on whose behalf the notice is given; and 

any other information as reasonably requested by Dominion Energy; 

clarify that, in addition to complying with the advance notice provisions in the Bylaw regarding any business proposed by a shareholder, each proposing shareholder and any associated person must also comply with all applicable requirements of the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws and state and federal law, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

provide that an election will be considered to be contested if, as of the date that is 21days prior to the date that Dominion Energy files its definitive proxy statement, there are more nominees for election than positions on the Board of Directors to be filled by election at that meeting; 

clarify the duties of the president; 

202 
 
 adopt a forum selection bylaw to provide that (i) shareholder suits and other derivative actions asserted against Dominion Energy or its directors and officers be brought only before the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia or, in the event that the court lacks jurisdiction or is unavailable to hear such action, the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia, and (ii) the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

provide that any shareholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white; and 

make various other updates, including clarify, ministerial and conforming changes. 

The foregoing description of the amendments to Dominion Energy s Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Dominion Energy s Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2.a and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 203 
 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 DOMINION ENERGY 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Item 1 Election of Directors , Corporate Governance The Committees of the Board and Corporate Governance Other Governance Policies and Practices Code of Ethics and Business Conduct in the Dominion Energy 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information concerning the executive officers of Dominion Energy required by this item is included in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption Information about our Executive Officers . Each executive officer of Dominion Energy is elected annually. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 DOMINION ENERGY 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Executive Compensation, Compensation of Non-Employee Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement . 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 DOMINION ENERGY 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plans in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 DOMINION ENERGY 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Corporate Governance Other Governance Policies and Practices Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Director Independence in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 DOMINION ENERGY 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Audit-Related Matters Auditor Fees and Pre-Approval Policy in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 VIRGINIA POWER 
 The following table presents fees paid to Deloitte Touche LLP for services related to Virginia Power for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Type of Fees 
 
 2022 

2021 

(millions) 

Virginia Power 

Audit fees 

2.44 

2.37 

Audit-related fees 

0.08 

Tax fees 

0.04 

All other fees 

Total Fees 

2.52 

2.41 

Audit fees represent fees of Deloitte Touche LLP for the audit of Virginia Power s annual consolidated financial statements, the review of financial statements included in Virginia Power s quarterly Form 10-Q reports, and the services that an independent auditor 
 
 204 
 
 would customarily provide in connection with subsidiary audits, statutory requirements, regulatory filings and similar engagements for the fiscal year, such as comfort letters, attest services, consents and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 Audit-related fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of Virginia Power s consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial reporting. This category may include fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations, due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions and investments, and accounting consultations about the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. 
 Virginia Power s Board of Directors has adopted the Dominion Energy Audit Committee pre-approval policy for their independent auditor s services and fees and have delegated the execution of this policy to the Dominion Energy Audit Committee. In accordance with this delegation, each year the Dominion Energy Audit Committee pre-approves a schedule that details the services to be provided for the following year and an estimated charge for such services. At its December 2022 meeting, the Dominion Energy Audit Committee approved schedules of services and fees for 2023 inclusive of Virginia Power. In accordance with the pre-approval policy, any changes to the pre-approved schedule may be pre-approved by the Dominion Energy Audit Committee or a delegated member of the Dominion Energy Audit Committee. 
 
 205 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Finan cial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Certain documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference and found on the pages noted. 
 1. Financial Statements 
 See Index on page 86 . 
 2. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is either not material or is shown in the financial statements or the related notes. 
 3. Exhibits (incorporated by reference unless otherwise noted) 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Dominion Energy 
 
 Virginia Power 

2.1.a 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2020, by and among Dominion Energy, Inc., Dominion Energy Questar Corporation and Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company (Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K filed July 6, 2020, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

2.1.b 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2020, by and among Dominion Energy Questar Corporation, Berkshire Hathaway Energy Corporation and Dominion Energy, Inc., as guarantor (Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K filed October 6, 2020, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

3.1.a 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated as of September 2, 2022 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed September 2, 2022, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

3.1.b 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on October 30, 2014 (Exhibit 3.1.b, Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2014, File No. 1-2255). 

X 

3.2.a 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Bylaws, as amended and restated, effective February 20, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

3.2.b 
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed June 3, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 

X 

4 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request any other instrument with respect to long-term debt as to which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10 of any of their total consolidated assets. 
 
 X 
 
 X 

4.1.a 
 
 See Exhibit 3.1.a above. 
 
 X 

4.1.b 
 
 See Exhibit 3.1.b above. 

X 

4.2 
 
 Indenture of Mortgage of Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated November 1, 1935, as supplemented and modified by Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture (Exhibit 4(ii), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1985, File No. 1-2255); Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed August 1, 2012, File No. 1-2255). 
 
 X 
 
 X 

4.3 
 
 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 1998, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed February 27, 1998, File No. 333-47119); Form of Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 16, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Nineteenth Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 5, 2008, 
 
 X 
 
 X 

206 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Dominion Energy 
 
 Virginia Power 

File No. 1-2255); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 1, 2010, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 14, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 15, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255); Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255); Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 14, 2016, File No. 000-55337); Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 16, 2016, File No. 000-55337); Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed November 16, 2016, File No. 000-55337); Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2017 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 16, 2017; File No. 000-55337). 

4.4 
 
 Senior Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2017, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed September 13, 2017, File No.000-55337); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2017 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 13, 2017, File No.000-55337); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2018 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 22, 2018, File No. 000-55337); Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2018 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 28, 2018, File No. 000-55337); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 10, 2019, File No. 00-55337); Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 5, 2019, File No. 000-55337); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 15, 2020, File No. 00-55337); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 22, 2021, File No.000-55337); Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 22, 2021, File No.000-55337); Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 13, 2022, File No.000-55337); Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2022, (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 31, 2022, File No. 000-55337); Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2022, (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed May 31, 2022, File No. 000-55337). 
 
 X 
 
 X 

4.5 
 
 Indenture, Junior Subordinated Debentures, dated December 1, 1997, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)) as supplemented by a Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

4.6 
 
 Indenture, dated April 1, 1995, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to United States Trust Company of New York) (Exhibit (4), Certificate of Notification No. 1 filed April 19, 1995, File No. 70-8107); Securities Resolution No. 2 effective as of October 16, 1996 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed October 18, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6 7/8 Debentures Due October 15, 2026); Securities Resolution No. 4 effective as of December 9, 1997 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1997, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6.80 Debentures Due December 15, 2027). 
 
 X 

4.7 
 
 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 21, 1999, File No. 333-93187); Form of Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed December 13, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 4, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 22, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 
 
 X 

207 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Dominion Energy 
 
 Virginia Power 

2005 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 17, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indentures, dated June 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 16, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 

4.8 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2015, File No. 1-8489); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 24, 2015, File No. 1-8489); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed August 9, 2016, File No. 1-8489); Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2017 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2017, File No. 1-8489); Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2017 (Exhibit 4.8, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 filed February 27, 2018, File No. 1-8489); Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2018 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed June 5, 2018, File No. 1-8489); Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 13, 2019, File No. 1-8489); Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q filed November 1, 2019, File No. 1-8489); Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed March 19, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed March 19, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed April 3, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed September 17, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2021, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2021, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed August 12, 2021, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 18, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

4.9 
 
 Junior Subordinated Indenture II, dated June 1, 2006, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Third Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013, File No. 1-8489); Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2019 (Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed June 27, 2019, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

4.10 
 
 2019 Series A Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated June 14, 2019, among the Dominion Energy, Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, in its capacity as the purchase contract agent, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, in its capacity as the collateral agent, custodial agent and securities intermediary (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed June 14, 2019, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

4.11 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, by and between Dominion Energy, Inc. and South Carolina Department of Revenue (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

4.12 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, date December 1, 2021, by and between Dominion Energy, Inc. and Gallagher Fiduciary Advisors, LLC on behalf of the Dominion Energy, Inc. Defined Benefit Master Trust (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 9, 2021, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

4.13 
 
 Description of Dominion Energy, Inc. s Common Stock (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

208 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Dominion Energy 
 
 Virginia Power 

4.14 
 
 Description of Virginia Electric and Power Company s Common Stock (Exhibit 4.19, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed February 28, 2020, File No.1-8489). 

X 

10.1 
 
 6,000,000,000 Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, among Dominion Energy, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Questar Gas Company, Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Bank of America, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Co-Sustainability Structuring Agent, and other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 10, 2021, File No. 1-8489); as amended by the First Amendment, dated September 28, 2022, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 
 
 X 

10.2 
 
 900,000,000 Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, among Dominion Energy, Inc., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Administrative Agent and Sustainability Coordinator, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Toronto- Dominion Bank, New York Branch, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and the other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed June 10, 2021, File No. 1-8489); as amended by the First Amendment, dated October 12, 2022, to the Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed October 14, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.3 
 
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.4 
 
 DES Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2021, between Dominion Energy Services, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed February 25, 2021, File No.1-8489). 

X 

10.5 
 
 Agreement between PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 26, 2005, File No. 1-2255 and File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 
 
 X 

10.6 
 
 Form of Settlement Agreement in the form of a proposed Consent Decree among the United States of America, on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State of New York, the State of New Jersey, the State of Connecticut, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of West Virginia and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 filed May 9, 2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
 
 X 
 
 X 

10.7 
 
 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., amended and restated July 15, 2003 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489) , as amended, March 31, 2006 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 4, 2006, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.8 
 
 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. dated January 24, 2013 (effective for certain officers elected subsequent to February 1, 2013) (Exhibit 10.9, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 filed February 28, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
 
 X 

10.9 
 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.10 
 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective July 1, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 filed August 6, 2013 File No. 1-8489), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014), as amended effective October 1, 2019 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed October 2, 2019, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 11, 2020 
 
 X 

209 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Dominion Energy 
 
 Virginia Power 

(Exhibit 10.9, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed February 25, 2021, File No.1-8489). 

10.11 
 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-8489, as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014), File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.12 
 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 15, 2021 (Exhibit 10.13, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed February 24, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.13 
 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Tool Kit, effective September 1, 2001, amended and restated May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014 filed July 30, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.14 
 
 Form of Advancement of Expenses for certain directors and officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., approved by the Dominion Resources, Inc. Board of Directors on October 24, 2008 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.15 
 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.16 
 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective July 1, 2021 (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 25, 2021, File No. 1-8489), as amended September 23, 2021 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q filed November 5, 2021, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.17 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Diane Leopold (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed November 6, 2020, File No. 1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.18 
 
 2021 Performance Grant Plan under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2021 (Exhibit 10.26, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed February 25, 2021, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.19 
 
 Form of 2021 Goal-Based Stock Award Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2021 (Exhibit 10.27, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed February 25, 2021, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2021 (Exhibit 10.28, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed February 25, 2021, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.21 
 
 2022 Performance Grant Plan under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 27, 2022 (Exhibit 10.28, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed February 24, 2022, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.22 
 
 Form of 2022 Goal-Based Stock Award Agreement under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 27, 2022 (Exhibit 10.29, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed February 24, 2022, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.23 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 27, 2022 (Exhibit 10.30, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed February 24, 2022, File No.1-8489). 
 
 X 

10.24 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement for Steven D. Ridge (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

210 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Dominion Energy 
 
 Virginia Power 

10.25 
 
 2023 Performance Grant Plan under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 26, 2023, as amended February 9, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

10.26 
 
 Form of 2023 Goal-Based Stock Award Agreement under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 26, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

10.27 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 26, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

10.28 
 
 2023 Goal-Based Stock Award Agreement for Robert M. Blue under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program approved February 9, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Dominion Energy, Inc. (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

23 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 
 
 X 
 
 X 

31.a 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

31.b 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Energy, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 X 

31.c 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

X 

31.d 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

X 

32.a 
 
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Energy, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 
 X 

32.b 
 
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

X 

101 
 
 The following financial statements from Dominion Energy, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 21, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The following financial statements from Virginia Electric and Power Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 21, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder s Equity (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 X 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 X 
 
 X 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 211 

Signat ures 
 D OMINION ENERGY 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Robert M. Blue 

(Robert M. Blue, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 21st day of February, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Robert M. Blue Robert M. Blue 
 Chair of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ James A. Bennett James A. Bennett 
 Director 

/s/ Helen E. Dragas Helen E. Dragas 
 Director 

/s/ James O. Ellis, Jr. James O. Ellis, Jr. 
 Director 

/s/ D. Maybank Hagood 
 Director 

D. Maybank Hagood 

/s/ Ronald W. Jibson Ronald W. Jibson 
 Director 

/s/ Mark J. Kington Mark J. Kington 
 Director 

/s/ Kristin G. Lovejoy 
 Director 

Kristin G. Lovejoy 

/s/ Joseph M. Rigby Joseph M. Rigby 
 Director 

/s/ Pamela J. Royal Pamela J. Royal 
 Director 

/s/ Robert H. Spilman, Jr. Robert H. Spilman, Jr. 
 Director 

/s/ Susan N. Story Susan N. Story 
 Director 

/s/ Michael E. Szymanczyk Michael E. Szymanczyk 
 Director 

/s/ Steven D. Ridge Steven D. Ridge 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Michele L. Cardiff Michele L. Cardiff 
 Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

212 

Virginia Power 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 

By: 
 /s/ Robert M. Blue 

(Robert M. Blue, Chief Executive Officer) 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 21st day of February, 2023. 

Signature 
 Title 

/s/ Edward H. Baine Edward H. Baine 
 Director 

/s/ Robert M. Blue Robert M. Blue 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Diane Leopold Diane Leopold 
 Director 

/s/ Steven D. Ridge Steven D. Ridge 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Michele L. Cardiff Michele L. Cardiff 
 Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

213 

<EX-3>
 2
 d-ex3_2a.htm
 EX-3.2.A

EX-3 

EXHIBIT 3.2.a 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 

Bylaws 

As amended, effective February 20, 2023 

Table of Contents 

Article 
 Page 

I 
 Name 
 1 

II 
 Shareholders Meetings 
 1 

III 
 Annual Meeting 
 1 

IV 
 Special Meetings 
 1 

V 
 Notice of Shareholders Meetings 
 2 

VI 
 Voting Lists 
 3 

VII 
 Quorum 
 4 

VIII 
 Voting 
 4 

IX 
 Record Date 
 4 

X 
 Shareholder Proposals 
 5 

XI 
 Board of Directors 
 7 

XII 
 Proxy Access for Director Nominations 
 8 

XIII 
 Manner of Election of Directors 
 14 

XIV 
 Powers of Directors 
 15 

XV 
 Executive and Other Committees 
 15 

XVI 
 Meetings of Directors and Quorum 
 16 

XVII 
 Action Without a Meeting 
 16 

XVIII 
 Director Resignation and Removals 
 17 

XIX 
 Board Vacancies 
 17 

XX 
 Officers 
 17 

XXI 
 Eligibility of Officers 
 17 

XXII 
 Duties and Authority of Chair of the Board of Directors, Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Others 
 18 

XXIII 
 Vice Presidents 
 18 

XXIV 
 Corporate Secretary 
 18 

XXV 
 Treasurer 
 19 

XXVI 
 Controller 
 19 

XXVII 
 Officer Resignations and Removals 
 19 

XXVIII 
 Officer Vacancies 
 19 

XXIX 
 Certificates and Records for Shares 
 19 

XXX 
 Transfer of Shares 
 20 

XXXI 
 Voting of Shares Held 
 20 

XXXII 
 Bonds, Debentures and Notes Issued Under an Indenture 
 21 

XXXIII 
 Amendments 
 21 

XXXIV 
 Emergency Bylaws 
 21 

XXXV 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 22 

XXXVI 
 Forum for Adjudication of Disputes 
 23 

Article I. 
 Name. 

The name of the Corporation is Dominion Energy, Inc. 

Article II. 
 Shareholders' Meetings. 

All meetings of the Shareholders shall be held at such place, within or without the Commonwealth of Virginia, as provided in the notice of the meeting provided in accordance with Article V - Notice of Shareholders Meetings; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place and shall instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Virginia Stock Corporation Act. Any previously scheduled Shareholder meeting may be adjourned, postponed or re scheduled from time to time by the Board of Directors, whether or not a quorum is present. In no event shall any adjournment of a Shareholder meeting or the announcement thereof require the Board of Directors or the Corporate Secretary, as the case may be, to fix a new record date, unless if such Shareholder meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred-twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting. 

Article III. 
 Annual Meeting. 

The Annual Meeting of the Shareholders shall be held on any date and at any time as determined by the Board of Directors from year to year. 

Article IV. 
 Special Meetings. 

Special Meetings of the Shareholders shall be held whenever called by the Chair of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chair (if any), the Chief Executive Officer, or a majority of the Directors. Special Meetings of the Shareholders may also be held following the accrual or termination of voting rights of the Preferred Stock, whenever requested to be called in the manner provided in the Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Special Meetings of the Shareholders shall also be held whenever called by the Corporate Secretary, upon the written request of the Shareholders owning continuously for a period of at least one year prior to the date of such request, more than 15 of all the outstanding shares of the Corporation (a Qualifying Shareholder Request ). Each such written request must be signed by a Shareholder and delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation and shall set forth (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the Special Meeting of the Shareholders, including the complete text of any resolutions to be presented at the Special Meeting of the Shareholders, with respect to such business, and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting; (b) the date of request; (c) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of such Shareholder and of any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined in Article X); (d) the ownership information of such Shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person as required by Article X, including a written agreement to update and supplement such information; (e) any material interest of such Shareholder and of any Shareholder Associated Person in such business; (f) a representation that such Shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting of the Shareholders to transact the business specified and (g) a representation that each Shareholder intends to hold the shares of the Corporation's stock through the date of the Special Meeting of the Shareholders. Shareholder requests submitted with respect to the election of Directors shall include the information as required to be included in a notice of a Shareholder's intent to nominate a Director pursuant to Article XI. 
 1 

Multiple shareholder requests delivered to the Corporate Secretary will be considered together to determine whether a Qualifying Shareholder Request has been made only if each such request (a) identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the Special Meeting of the Shareholders and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted on at the Special Meeting of the Shareholders, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and (b) has been dated and delivered to the Corporate Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated shareholder request. 
 
 Any Shareholder may revoke their or its written shareholder request at any time by written revocation delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation. 
 
 Business transacted at any Special Meeting of the Shareholders held pursuant to a Qualifying Shareholder Request shall be limited to the purpose(s) stated in the Qualifying Shareholder Request; provided , however , that nothing herein shall prohibit the Board of Directors from submitting matters to the Shareholders at any Special Meeting of the Shareholders held pursuant to a Qualifying Shareholder Request. If none of the Shareholders who made the Qualifying Shareholder Request appears or send a qualified representative to present the matters specified in the Qualifying Shareholder Request, the Corporation need not present such matters for a vote at such meeting. 
 
 The Corporate Secretary shall not be required to call a Special Meeting of the Shareholders if (a) the Board of Directors calls an Annual Meeting or Special Meeting of the Shareholders to be held not later than ninety (90) days after the first date on which valid Qualifying Shareholder Requests constituting more than 15 of all the outstanding shares of the Corporation have been delivered to the Corporate Secretary (the Delivery Date and the business to be conducted at such meeting is substantially similar to the business requested by a Shareholder to be brought before a Special Meeting of the Shareholders, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or (b) the Qualifying Shareholder Request (i) has a Delivery Date which is during the period commencing ninety (90) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year's Annual Meeting and ending on the date of the next Annual Meeting, (ii) contains an identical or substantially similar item to an item that was presented at any meeting of the Shareholders held within one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the Delivery Date (for purposes of this clause (ii) the election of directors shall be deemed a similar item with respect to all items of business involving the election or removal of directors), (iii) relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for Shareholder action under applicable law, (iv) was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (as so amended and inclusive of such rules and regulations, the Exchange Act ), or other applicable law, or (v) does not comply with the provisions of this Article IV. 
 
 Any Special Meeting of the Shareholders held pursuant to a Qualifying Shareholder Request shall be held at such date and time as may be fixed by the Board of Directors; provided , however , that the date of any such Special Meeting of the Shareholders shall not be more than ninety (90) days after the Delivery Date. 

Article V. 
 Notice of Shareholders' Meetings. 

Notice stating the place, if any, means of remote communication, if any, and day and hour of each Shareholders meeting and, in the case of a Special Meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, or such longer period as is specified below, by, or at the direction of, the Board of Directors or its Chair, the Vice Chair (if any), the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President or the Corporate Secretary or any Assistant Corporate Secretary, to each Shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. Notice shall also be given to other Shareholders of record to the extent required by the Articles of Incorporation or by law. Notice may be mailed to a Shareholder at the Shareholder s registered address and such notice will be 
 2 

deemed to be given when deposited in the U.S. mail, postage-paid, addressed to the Shareholder at the Shareholder s address as it appears on the stock transfer books. Alternatively, notice may be given to a Shareholder by electronic transmission as permitted by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or any other applicable law and, in such case, shall be effective as provided therein. 
 
 Notice of a Shareholders meeting to act on an amendment of the Articles of Incorporation, on a plan of merger, share exchange, domestication or conversion, on a proposed dissolution of the Corporation, or on a proposed sale of the Corporation s assets that would require Shareholder approval, shall be given not less than twenty-five (25) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting. Any notice of a Shareholders meeting to act on such a matter shall be accompanied by a copy of the applicable proposed amendment, plan of merger, share exchange, domestication or conversion, plan of dissolution or agreement effecting the disposition of assets. 
 
 If any Shareholders meeting is adjourned to a different date, time or place, if any, notice need not be given if the new date, time or place, if any, is announced at the meeting before adjournment. If a new record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed under Article IX, however, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given under this Article to Shareholders entitled to notice as of the new record date. Any Shareholder who attends a meeting may be deemed to have waived notice of such meeting. 

Article VI. 
 Voting Lists. 

After the record date for a meeting of the Shareholders has been fixed pursuant to Article IX, or by law, and such record date has occurred, the officer or agent having charge of the share transfer books of the Corporation shall prepare an alphabetical list of the Shareholders of record entitled to notice of such meeting. The list shall be arranged by voting group (and within each voting group by class or series of shares) and show the address of and number of shares held by each Shareholder. The Shareholders list shall be available for inspection by any Shareholder of record, beginning two (2) business days after notice of such meeting is given and continuing through the meeting, (i) at the principal executive office of the Corporation, (ii) at a place identified in the meeting notice in the county or city where the meeting will be held or (iii) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting given in accordance with Article V of these Bylaws. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is only available to Shareholders of the Corporation. 
 
 In the event the Board of Directors has fixed a different record date to determine which Shareholders are entitled to vote at such meeting, a list of Shareholders of record entitled to vote, prepared in the same manner as the Shareholders list for notice, shall be similarly available for inspection by any Shareholder of record promptly after the record date for voting. The Corporation shall make the list of Shareholders entitled to vote available at the meeting, and any Shareholder of record, or the Shareholder s agent or attorney, is entitled to inspect the list at any time during the meeting or any adjournment. The original share transfer books, or a duplicate thereof, shall be prima facie evidence as to who are the Shareholders entitled to examine such list or to vote, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of the Shareholders. In addition to the foregoing inspection rights, any person who shall have been a Shareholder of record for at least six (6) months immediately preceding delivery of such person s demand or who is the holder of record of at least five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors, or such Shareholder s agent or attorney, upon demand that is made in good faith and for a proper purpose, and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, shall have the right to copy such list(s) at such Shareholder s expense, during regular business hours, during the period that it is available for inspection. 

3 

Article VII. 
 Quorum. 

At any meeting of the Shareholders, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting shall constitute a quorum. Less than a quorum may adjourn any meeting from time to time. If at any meeting of the Shareholders there shall be no quorum present or represented, then the Chair of such meeting may, to the extent permitted by law, adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until such quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. A determination of Shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a Shareholders meeting is effective for any such adjourned meeting unless the Board of Directors or Corporate Secretary, as the case may be, fixes a new record date, which shall be done if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred-twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting, The provisions of this Article are, however, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation. 

Article VIII. 
 Voting. 

When a quorum is present at any meeting, action on a matter is approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless the action is the election of Directors, which is governed by Article XIII of these Bylaws or is one upon which by express provision of law, the Articles of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, a larger or different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. 
 
 Shareholders of record entitled to vote may vote at any meeting in person or by proxy executed in writing or by proxy authorized by any means permitted by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or other applicable law. In each case, such proxy must be authorized by the Shareholder or by the Shareholder s duly authorized officer, director, employee or agent or attorney-in-fact, and shall be filed with or received by the inspector of election or other officer or agent of the Corporation authorized to tabulate votes for the meeting before being voted. A proxy shall designate only one person as proxy, except that proxies executed pursuant to a general solicitation of proxies may designate one or more persons, any one of whom may act as proxies. Proxies given for a specific Shareholders meeting shall entitle the holders to vote at any adjournment of the meeting, but shall not be valid after the final adjournment of that meeting. No proxy shall be valid after 11 months from its date unless the appointment form expressly provides for a longer period of validity. Shareholders entitled to vote may also be represented by an agent personally present, duly designated by power of attorney, with or without power of substitution, and such power of attorney shall be produced at the meeting on request. Each holder of record of shares of any class shall, as to all matters in respect of which shares of any class have voting power, be entitled to one vote for each share of stock of such class standing in such holder s name on the books of the Corporation. 
 
 Any Shareholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other Shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 

Article IX. 
 Record Date. 

For the purpose of determining the Shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of Shareholders, or any adjournment, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination of Shareholders for any other proper purpose, the Board of Directors may fix the date on which it takes such action or a future date as the record date for any such determination of Shareholders, provided that such date shall not in any case be more than seventy (70) days prior to the date on which the meeting or other action requiring such determination of Shareholders is to take place. The Board of Directors is authorized to delegate to the Corporate 
 4 

Secretary the determination of a record date for any meeting of Shareholders. If no record date shall be fixed for the determination of Shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Shareholders, or for the determination of the Shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the date on which notice of the meeting is mailed or the date on which the resolution of the Board of Directors declaring such dividend is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Shareholders in such cases. A determination of Shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a Shareholders meeting is effective for any adjournment of the meeting unless the Board of Directors or Corporate Secretary fixes a new record date, which shall be done if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred-twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting. 

Article X. 
 Shareholder Proposals. 

At an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a Shareholder who (i) is a Shareholder of record both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Article X and at the time of the meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (iii) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Article X as to such business. For business to be properly brought before the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders pursuant to the foregoing clause (c) of this Article X, such business must constitute a proper subject for Shareholder action under applicable law. Except for proposals properly made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, the foregoing clause (c) shall be the exclusive means for a Shareholder to propose business to be brought before an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders. 
 
 For business to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders by a Shareholder, the Shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a Shareholder s notice must be delivered either by personal delivery or by U.S. certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation and received at the principal executive office of the Corporation (i) not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred-twenty (120) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s Annual Meeting of the Shareholders or (ii) if the date of the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, not later than the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such Annual Meeting of the Shareholders or, if later, the tenth (10 th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such Annual Meeting of the Shareholders was first made. In no event shall any adjournment of an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of timely notice as described above. 
 
 A Shareholder s notice to the Corporate Secretary shall set forth: 

(a) 
 a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, including the complete text of any resolutions to be presented at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders (including the text of any proposed amendment to these Bylaws in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws) and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting; 

(b) 
 the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation s books, of such Shareholder proposing such business and of any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined below); 

(c) 
 a representation that such Shareholder is a Shareholder of record, is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, will continue to be a Shareholder of record at the 

5 

Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders to bring the business before the meeting specified in the notice; 

(d) 
 the class and number of shares of the Corporation s stock which are held of record or are beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by such Shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person; 

(e) 
 a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of such Shareholder s notice by, or on behalf of, such Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in an underlying class of stock of the Corporation (collectively, Derivative Instruments ), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation; 

(f) 
 any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a solicitation statement filed pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act), voting trust, voting agreement or similar contract, arrangement, agreement or understanding pursuant to which the Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person, has a right to vote or direct the voting of any of the Corporation s securities; 

(g) 
 any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by the Shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation; 

(h) 
 any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or any Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership or limited liability company or similar entity in which the Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner, is the manager, managing member or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in the manager or managing member of a limited liability company or similar entity; 

(i) 
 any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that the Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person is entitled to based on the increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments; 

(j) 
 any material interest of the Shareholder or such Shareholder Associated Person in such business; 

(k) 
 the information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if such statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by such Shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person on whose behalf the notice is given; and 

(l) 
 any other information as reasonably requested by the Corporation. 

The Shareholder shall (1) notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two (2) business days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any information previously provided to the Corporation pursuant to this Article X and (2) promptly update and supplement 
 6 

information provided to the Corporation pursuant to this Article X, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided shall be true and complete as of the voting record date for the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders and as of the date that is ten (10) days prior to the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to and received by the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation at the Corporation s principal executive office. The immediately foregoing provision shall not be construed to extend any applicable deadlines hereunder, enable a Shareholder to change the business proposed for the meeting after the advance notice deadlines hereunder have expired or limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any inaccuracies or other deficiencies in notices provided by a Shareholder. Unless otherwise required by law, if the Shareholder (or a qualified representative of the Shareholder) does not appear at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders to present such business, such proposal shall be disregarded and such business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that the Corporation may have received proxies in respect of such vote. 
 
 In addition to the other requirements of this Article X with respect to any business proposed by a shareholder to be made at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, each Shareholder and any Shareholder Associated Person shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws and state and federal law, including the Exchange Act, with respect to any such proposal or the solicitation of proxies with respect thereto. 
 
 A Shareholder Associated Person of any Shareholder means (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such Shareholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such Shareholder, and (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Shareholder Associated Person. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders except in accordance with this Article X. In the event that a Shareholder attempts to bring business before an Annual Meeting without complying with the foregoing procedure, the Chair of the meeting may declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and, if the Chair shall so declare, such business shall not be transacted. 
 
 This Article X is expressly intended to apply to any business proposed to be brought before an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders other than any proposal made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Article X shall be deemed to affect the rights of Shareholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. The foregoing provisions are not applicable to Shareholder nominations of Directors, the process for which is set forth in Article XI and Article XII. 

Article XI. 
 Board of Directors. 

A Board of Directors shall be chosen by ballot at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders or at any meeting held in lieu thereof as herein before provided, or at any Special Meeting of the Shareholders called for the purpose of the election of Directors. 
 
 Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of stock having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, nominations for the election of Directors shall be made by the Board of Directors or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors or by any Shareholder entitled to vote in the election of Directors generally. However, any Shareholder entitled to vote in the election of Directors generally may nominate one or more persons for election as Directors at a meeting only if written notice of such Shareholder's intent to make such nomination or nominations has been given, either by personal delivery or by United States mail, postage prepaid, to the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation not later than 60 days in advance of such meeting (except that, if public disclosure of the meeting is made less than 70 days prior to the meeting, the notice need only be received within 10 days following such public disclosure). Each such notice shall set forth: (a) the name and address of the Shareholder who intends to make the 
 7 

nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated; (b) a representation that the Shareholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the Shareholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the Shareholder; (d) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such Shareholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, had the nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated by the Board of Directors; and (e) the consent of each nominee to serve as a Director of the Corporation if so elected. The Chair of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure. 

Article XII. 
 Proxy Access for Director Nominations. 

(a) 
 Whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of Directors at an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, subject to the provisions of this Article XII, the Corporation shall include in its proxy materials for such Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, in addition to any persons nominated for election by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the name, together with the Required Information (as defined below), of any Shareholder Nominee to the Board of Directors by an Eligible Shareholder (as defined below) who expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Article XII (the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination to have its nominee included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Article XII. An Eligible Shareholder is defined as a Shareholder or group of no more than twenty (20) Shareholders (counting as one Shareholder, for this purpose, any two (2) or more funds that are (i) under common management and investment control, (ii) under common management and funded primarily by the same employer, or (iii) a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended) that satisfies the requirements of section (e) of this Article XII. As used herein, the term Eligible Shareholder means such Shareholder or Shareholder group, including each member thereof to the extent the context requires. In the event that the Eligible Shareholder consists of a group of Shareholders, any and all requirements and obligations for an individual Eligible Shareholder that are set forth in these Bylaws, including the Minimum Holding Period (as defined below), shall apply to each member of such group; provided, however, that the Required Ownership Percentage (as defined below) shall apply to the ownership of the group in the aggregate. For purposes of this Article XII, the Required Information that the Corporation will include in its proxy materials is the information provided to the Corporate Secretary concerning the Shareholder Nominee and the Eligible Shareholder that is required to be disclosed in the Corporation s proxy materials by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act, and if the Eligible Shareholder so elects, a written statement, not to exceed five hundred (500) words, in support of the Shareholder Nominee(s) candidacy (the Statement ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article XII, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement (or portion thereof) that it, in good faith, believes is untrue in any material respect (or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading) or would violate any applicable law or regulation, and the Corporation may solicit against, and include in the proxy materials its own statement relating to, any Shareholder Nominee. 

(b) 
 To be timely, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must be addressed to the Corporate Secretary and delivered to, or mailed to and received by, the Corporate Secretary no more than one hundred-fifty (150) days and no less than one hundred-twenty (120) days before the anniversary of the date that the Corporation issued its proxy materials for the previous year s Annual Meeting of the Shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders is called for a date that is not within thirty (30) days before or after such anniversary date, in order to be timely the Notice of Proxy Access 

8 

Nomination must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10 th day following the day on which notice of the date of the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders was made, whichever first occurs. The advance notice requirement specified in this Article XII(b) is the Corporation s advance notice provision for purposes of Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act. 

(c) 
 The maximum number of Shareholder Nominees nominated by all Eligible Shareholders that will be included in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders shall not exceed the greater of (i) two (2) or (ii) twenty percent (20 of the total number of Directors in office (rounded down to the nearest whole number below twenty percent (20 )) (the Maximum Number as of the last day on which a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination may be delivered pursuant to and in accordance with this Article XII (the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date ). In the event that one or more vacancies for any reason occurs after the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date but before the date of the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board of Directors in connection therewith, the Maximum Number included in the Corporation s proxy materials shall be calculated based on the number of Directors in office as so reduced. 

The following individuals shall be counted for purposes of determining when the Maximum Number has been reached: (i) any individual nominated by an Eligible Shareholder for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Article XII whom the Board of Directors decides to nominate as a nominee of the Board of Directors, (ii) any individual nominated by an Eligible Shareholder for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Article XII but whose nomination is subsequently withdrawn, shall be counted as one of the Shareholder Nominees for purposes of determining when the maximum number of Shareholder Nominees provided for in this Article XII has been reached, and (iii) any Director in office as of the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date who was included in the Corporation s proxy materials as a Shareholder Nominee for any of the three (3) preceding Annual Meetings (including any individual counted as a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to item (i) ). Any Eligible Shareholder submitting more than one Shareholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Article XII shall rank such Shareholder Nominees based on the order that the Eligible Shareholder desires such Shareholder Nominees to be selected for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials in the event that the total number of Shareholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Shareholders pursuant to this Article XII exceeds the Maximum Number provided for in this Article XII. In the event that the number of Shareholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Shareholders pursuant to this Article XII exceeds the Maximum Number provided for in this Article XII, the highest ranking Shareholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Article XII from each Eligible Shareholder will be selected for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials until the Maximum Number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of the Corporation s outstanding common stock each Eligible Shareholder disclosed as Owned (as defined below) in its respective Notice of Proxy Access Nomination submitted to the Corporation. If the Maximum Number is not reached after the highest ranking Shareholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Article XII from each Eligible Shareholder has been selected, this process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the Maximum Number is reached. 

(d) 
 For purposes of this Article XII, a Shareholder shall Own only those outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation as to which the Shareholder possesses both: 

(i) 
 the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares; and 

(ii) 
 the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit from and risk of loss on) such shares; 

provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares: 
 
 9 

(x) 
 sold by such Shareholder or any of its affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, including any short sale; 

(y) 
 borrowed by such Shareholder or any of its affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such Shareholder or any of its affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell; or 

(z) 
 subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such Shareholder or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding common stock of the Corporation, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised by either party would have, the purpose or effect of: 

(1) 
 reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such Shareholder's or its affiliates' full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares; and/or 

(2) 
 hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree any gain or loss realized or realizable from maintaining the full economic ownership of such shares by such Shareholder or its affiliates. 

A Shareholder shall Own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the Shareholder retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of Directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A Shareholder's ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during (i) any period in which shares have been loaned, provided that the Shareholder has the power to recall such loaned shares on five (5) business days' notice and provides a representation that it will promptly recall such loaned shares upon being notified that any of its Shareholder Nominees will be included in the proxy materials, and (ii) any period in which the Shareholder has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement which is revocable at any time by the Shareholder. The terms Owned, Owning and other variations of the word Own shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of the common stock of the Corporation are Owned for these purposes shall be determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, in each case, in its sole discretion. For purposes of this Article XII, the term affiliate or affiliates shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. A Shareholder shall include in its Notice of Proxy Access Nomination the number of shares it is deemed to Own for the purposes of this Article XII. 

(e) 
 In order to make a nomination pursuant to this Article XII, a Shareholder must have Owned (as defined above) the Required Ownership Percentage (as defined below) of the Corporation's outstanding common stock (the Required Shares continuously for the Minimum Holding Period (as defined below) as of both the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to, or mailed to and received by, the Corporate Secretary in accordance with this Article XII and the record date for determining the Shareholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and must continue to Own the Required Shares through the meeting date. For purposes of this Article XII, the Required Ownership Percentage is three percent (3 or more, and the Minimum Holding Period is three (3) years. 

(f) 
 Within the time period specified in this Article XII for delivering the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, an Eligible Shareholder must provide the following information in writing to the Corporate Secretary: 

(i) 
 one or more written statements from the record holder of the shares (and from each intermediary through which the shares are or have been held during the 

10 

Minimum Holding Period) verifying that, as of a date within seven (7) calendar days prior to the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to, or mailed to and received by, the Corporate Secretary, the Eligible Shareholder Owns, and has Owned continuously for the Minimum Holding Period, the Required Shares, and the Eligible Shareholder's agreement to provide, within five (5) business days after the record date for the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, written statements from the record holder and intermediaries verifying the Eligible Shareholder's continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date; 

(ii) 
 a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act; 

(iii) 
 the information, representations and agreements that are the same as those that would be required to be set forth in a Shareholder's notice of nomination pursuant to Article XI of these Bylaws; 

(iv) 
 the consent of each Shareholder Nominee to being named in the proxy materials as a nominee and to serving as a Director if elected; 

(v) 
 a representation that the Eligible Shareholder (including each member of any group of Shareholders that together is an Eligible Shareholder hereunder): 

(A) 
 acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at the Corporation, and does not presently have such intent, 

(B) 
 presently intends to maintain qualifying ownership of the Required Shares through the date of the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, 

(C) 
 has not nominated and will not nominate for election any individual as a Director at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders, other than its Shareholder Nominee(s), 

(D) 
 has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a participant in another person's, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a Director at the Annual Meeting, other than its Shareholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors, 

(E) 
 will not distribute to any Shareholder any form of proxy for the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders other than the form distributed by the Corporation; 

(F) 
 agrees to comply with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to any solicitation in connection with the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders or applicable to the filing and use, if any, of soliciting material, and 

(G) 
 will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its Shareholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(vi) 
 an undertaking that the Eligible Shareholder agrees to: 

(A) 
 assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Shareholder's communications 

11 

with the Shareholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the Eligible Shareholder provided to the Corporation; 

(B) 
 indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its Directors, officers and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its Directors, officers or employees arising out of any nomination submitted by the Eligible Shareholder pursuant to this Article XII; and 

(C) 
 file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any solicitation or other communication with the Corporation's Shareholders relating to the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders at which the Shareholder Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or whether any exemption from filing is available thereunder; and 

(vii) 
 in the case of a nomination by a group of Shareholders that together is an Eligible Shareholder, the designation by all group members of one group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all such members with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination. 

(g) 
 Within the time period specified in this Article XII for delivering the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, a Shareholder Nominee must deliver to the Corporate Secretary a written representation and agreement that such person: 

(i) 
 will act as a representative of all of the Shareholders of the Corporation while serving as a Director; 

(ii) 
 is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such Shareholder Nominee, if elected as a Director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Corporation (a Voting Commitment or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such Shareholder Nominee's ability to comply, if elected as a Director of the Corporation, with such Shareholder Nominee's fiduciary duties under applicable law; 

(iii) 
 is not or will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with candidacy or service as a Director of the Corporation that has not been disclosed to the Corporation as provided in section (h); 

(iv) 
 will comply with the Corporation's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and other policies and procedures, including conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other policies and guidelines applicable to Directors, as well as the applicable provisions of these Bylaws; and 

(v) 
 will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its Shareholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects, and shall not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

12 

(h) 
 At the request of the Corporation, the Shareholder Nominee must submit all completed and signed questionnaires required of the Corporation s Directors and officers within five (5) business days of receipt. The Corporation may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board of Directors to determine if each Shareholder Nominee is independent under the Applicable Independence Standards. If the Shareholder Nominee is or becomes a party to any Third-Party Compensation, or has received or will receive any such Third-Party Compensation in connection with candidacy or service as a Director of the Corporation (other than agreements providing only for indemnification and/or reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in connection with candidacy as a Director), such Third-Party Compensation must be fully and completely disclosed to the Corporation s Directors and officers in the manner provided by this section (h); in addition, any such Third-Party Compensation related to the Shareholder Nominee s service as a Director of the Corporation may not continue and must cease immediately if the Shareholder Nominee becomes a Director of the Corporation. 

(i) 
 In the event that any information or communications provided by the Eligible Shareholder or the Shareholder Nominee to the Corporation or its Shareholders ceases to be true and correct in all material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, each Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Corporate Secretary of any defect in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct any such defect. 

(j) 
 The Corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Article XII, a Shareholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any Annual Meeting of the Shareholders: 

(i) 
 for which the Corporate Secretary receives a notice that a Shareholder has nominated such Shareholder Nominee for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to the advance notice requirements for shareholder nominees for Director set forth in Article XI of these Bylaws; 

(ii) 
 if the Eligible Shareholder who has nominated such Shareholder Nominee has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a participant in another person's, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a Director at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders other than its Shareholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors; 

(iii) 
 who is not independent under the Applicable Independence Standards, in each case as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion; 

(iv) 
 whose election as a member of the Board of Directors would cause the Corporation to be in violation of these Bylaws, the Articles of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the common stock of the Corporation is listed, or any applicable state or federal law, rule or regulation; 

(v) 
 who is or has been, within the past three (3) years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914; 

(vi) 
 who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten (10) years; 

(vii) 
 who is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

13 

(viii) 
 if such Shareholder Nominee or the applicable Eligible Shareholder shall have provided information to the Corporation in respect to such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, as determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, in each case, in its sole discretion; 

(ix) 
 who is a director or officer for any public utility company regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; 

(x) 
 if the Eligible Shareholder or applicable Shareholder Nominee fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to these Bylaws, including, but not limited to, this Article XII; or 

(xi) 
 whose then-current or within the preceding ten years' business or personal interests place such Shareholder Nominee in a conflict of interest with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries that would cause such Shareholder Nominee to violate the standard of conduct applicable to directors under Virginia law. 

(k) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Board of Directors or the Chair of the meeting shall declare a nomination by an Eligible Shareholder to be invalid, and such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if: 

(i) 
 the Shareholder Nominee(s) and/or the applicable Eligible Shareholder shall have breached its or their obligations under this Article XII, as determined by the Board of Directors or the Chair of the meeting, in each case, in its or their sole discretion; or 

(ii) 
 the Eligible Shareholder (or a qualified representative thereof) does not appear at the Annual Meeting to present any nomination pursuant to this Article XII. 

Any Shareholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation's proxy materials for a particular Annual Meeting of the Shareholder but either 

(i) 
 withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the Annual Meeting; or 

(ii) 
 does not receive at least twenty-five percent (25 of the votes cast in favor of such Shareholder Nominee's election 

will be ineligible to be a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to this Article XII for the next two (2) Annual Meetings of the Shareholders. 

(l) 
 The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power and authority to interpret the provisions of this Article XII of these Bylaws and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable in connection with this Article XII. All such actions, interpretations and determinations that are done or made by the Board of Directors shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Corporation, the Shareholders and all other parties. 

(m) 
 No Shareholder shall be permitted to join more than one group of Shareholders to become an Eligible Shareholder for purposes of nominations pursuant to this Article XII per each Annual Meeting of the Shareholders. 

(n) 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this Article XII shall not prevent any Shareholder from nominating any person to the Board of Directors pursuant to and in accordance with Article XI of these Bylaws. 

14 

Article XIII. 
 Manner of Election of Directors. 

Except as otherwise provided in Article XIX or the Articles of Incorporation, each Director shall, except in a contested election, be elected by a majority of votes cast at any meeting of Shareholders for the election of Directors at which a quorum is present. In a contested election at which a quorum is present, the Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of Directors. An election shall be considered to be a contested election if, as of the date that is twenty-one (21) days prior to the date that the Corporation files its definitive proxy statement (regardless of whether or not thereafter revised or supplemented, and regardless of whether any notice of Shareholder business or nominations have been withdrawn or deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction), there are more nominees for election than positions on the Board of Directors to be filled by election at that meeting. 
 
 If an incumbent Director is not reelected in an uncontested election, the Director shall offer their resignation promptly to the Board of Directors. Within ninety (90) days following certification of the election results, the Board of Directors shall evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances and shall make a decision on whether to accept the tendered resignation. Any Director who tenders a resignation pursuant to this provision shall not participate in the Board of Directors decision. In determining whether to accept the offered resignation, the Board of Directors shall consider any recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee or any committee responsible for the nomination of Directors, the factors considered by that committee and any additional information and factors that the Board of Directors believes to be relevant to the best interests of the Corporation and its Shareholders. 

Article XIV. 
 Powers of Directors. 

All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of, the Board of Directors, subject to any limitation set forth in the Articles of Incorporation, and so far as this delegation of authority is not inconsistent with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia or with the Articles of Incorporation. 

Article XV. 
 Executive and Other Committees. 

The Board of Directors, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, may designate two or more of its number to constitute an Executive Committee. If a quorum is present at a duly noticed or regular meeting of the Committee, the Committee may act upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the Committee members present. 
 
 When the Board of Directors is not in session, the Executive Committee shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors except that the Executive Committee shall not (a) approve or recommend to Shareholders action that Virginia Stock Corporation Act requires to be approved by Shareholders; (b) fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or any of its Committees or elect officers; (c) amend the Articles of Incorporation; (d) adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws; (e) approve a plan of merger not requiring Shareholder approval; (f) authorize or approve a distribution, except according to a general formula or method prescribed by the Board of Directors; or (g) authorize or approve the issuance or sale or contract for sale of shares, or determine the designation and rights, preferences, and limitations of a class or series of shares, except that the Board of Directors may authorize the Executive Committee to do so subject to the limits, if any, prescribed by the Board of Directors. If the Executive Committee is created for any designated purpose, its authority shall be limited to such purpose. The Executive Committee shall report its action to the Board of Directors. Regular and special meetings of the Executive Committee may be called and held subject to the same requirements with respect to time, place, if 
 15 

any, and notice as are specified in these Bylaws for regular and special meetings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Members of the Executive Committee shall receive such compensation for attendance at meetings as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 
 The Board of Directors likewise may appoint from their number, from the directors of affiliated corporations or from officers of the Corporation other Committees from time to time, the number composing such Committees and the power conferred upon the same to be subject to the foregoing exceptions for an Executive Committee but otherwise as determined by vote of the Board of Directors provided that any Committee empowered to exercise the authority of the Board of Directors shall be composed only of members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more Directors to represent the Corporation at meetings of committees of the Board of Directors of affiliated corporations. Members of such committees, and Directors so designated, shall receive such compensation for attendance at meetings as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 

Article XVI. 
 Meetings of Directors and Quorum. 

Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held within or without the Commonwealth of Virginia and at times fixed by resolution of the Board, or upon call of the Chair of the Board, the Vice Chair (if any), the Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President, the Corporate Secretary or three or more Directors, and the Corporate Secretary or an Assistant Corporate Secretary shall give not less than twenty-four (24) hours notice by letter, electronic transmission or telephone (or in person) of all meetings of the Directors, provided that notice need not be given of regular meetings held at times and places, if any, fixed by resolution of the Board. 
 
 The Board of Directors may permit any or all directors to participate in a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. 
 
 A written waiver of notice signed by the Director entitled to such notice, whether before or after the date of the meeting, shall be equivalent to giving notice. A Director who attends or participates in a meeting shall be deemed to have waived timely and proper notice of the meeting unless the Director, at the beginning of the meeting or promptly upon their arrival, objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting. 
 
 A majority of the number of Directors fixed at the time in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation or such greater number as may be specifically provided in the Virginia Stock Corporation Act shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but a lesser number may adjourn any meeting from time to time, and the meeting may be reconvened and held without further notice so long as the new date, time and place, if any, is announced at the meeting prior to adjournment. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a majority of the members present shall decide any question brought before such meeting, except as otherwise provided by law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws. 

Article XVII. 
 Action Without a Meeting. 

Any action required to be taken at a meeting of the Directors, or any action which may be taken at a meeting of the Directors or of a Committee, may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing (which may be in any number of counterparts), setting forth the action so to be taken, shall be signed by all of the Directors, or all of the members of the Committee, as the case may be, either before or after such action is taken, and delivered to the Corporate Secretary. A Director s consent may be withdrawn by a revocation signed by the Director and delivered to the Corporate 
 16 

Secretary prior to the delivery to the Corporate Secretary of unrevoked written consents signed by all of the Directors. For purposes of this Article XXVII, the signing and delivery of the written consent (or revocation of a Director s consent) may be accomplished by electronic transmission. When all Directors have signed and delivered a written consent to the Corporate Secretary, such consents shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote. 

Article XVIII. 
 Director Resignation and Removals. 

Any Director may resign at any time either from the Board of Directors or from any Committee of which the Director is a member by giving a written resignation to the Board of Directors or its Chair, or to the Vice Chair (if any), or to the Chief Executive Officer or to the Corporate Secretary or, in the case of a resignation from a Committee, to the chair of the Committee. Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of the written resignation by one of the specified recipients, unless a later effective time is specified in the resignation. Unless otherwise specified in the resignation or in these Bylaws, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation delivered under Article XIII shall require acceptance to make it effective. 
 
 At any meeting called for the purpose of removing a Director, the Shareholders may, with the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, remove any Director from office for cause. The Shareholders may then elect a successor to a Director removed from office if such purpose was included in the meeting notice. The nomination and election of such successor shall be accomplished in the same manner provided in these Bylaws for nomination and election of Directors at an Annual Meeting of the Shareholders. The Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the whole Board, may remove from any Committee of the Board any member of that Committee, with or without cause. 

Article XIX. 
 Board Vacancies. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, if the office of any Director shall become vacant, the Directors, at the time in office, whether or not a quorum, may by majority vote of the Directors then in office, choose a successor who shall hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of Directors shall be filled in the same manner. If the vacancy results from the removal of a Director by the Shareholders as provided in Article XVIII, the vacancy may also be filled by the Shareholders as provided in such Article. 

Article XX. 
 Officers. 

The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more Vice Presidents (as one or more may be elected an Executive Vice President or Senior Vice President), a Corporate Secretary, a Treasurer and a Controller. The Chair of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chair (if any) shall be officers of the Corporation if they are concurrently employed by the Corporation. The officers and the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chair (if any) shall be elected or appointed by the Board of Directors after each election of Directors by the Shareholders, and a meeting of the Board of Directors may be held without notice for the purpose of electing officers following the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders. 
 
 The Board of Directors, in its discretion, may appoint one or more Assistant Corporate Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, one or more Assistant Controllers, and such other officers or agents as it may deem advisable, and prescribe their duties. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 

17 

Article XXI. 
 Eligibility of Officers. 

The Chair of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chair (if any) shall be Directors. Any person may hold more than one office provided, however, that neither the Corporate Secretary, the Treasurer nor the Controller shall at the same time hold the office of Chair of the Board of Directors, Vice Chair (if any), Chief Executive Officer or President. 

Article XXII. 
 Duties and Authority of Chair of the Board of Directors, Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Others. 

The Chair of the Board of Directors or the Vice Chair (if any) shall preside at the meetings of the Board of Directors. The Chair or the Vice Chair (if any) may call meetings of the Board of Directors and of any Committee whenever it is deemed necessary. The Chair, or the Vice Chair (if any) shall call to order, and act as Chair of, all meetings of the Shareholders, and shall prescribe such rules of procedure not inconsistent with these Bylaws or the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, and may adjourn such meetings to be reconvened at a later time or date or at another place or, with the authorization of the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Virginia Stock Corporation Act. The Chair and the Vice Chair (if any) shall perform the duties commonly incident to such office and such other duties as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 
 
 In the absence of the Chair of the Board of Directors or the Vice Chair (if any), the Chief Executive Officer shall perform their duties. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform the duties commonly incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer, the President and each Vice President shall have authority to sign certificates for shares of stock, bonds, deeds and contracts and to delegate such authority in such manner as may be approved by the Chief Executive Officer or the President. 
 
 The President shall be responsible to the Chief Executive Officer. Subject to the authority of the Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be devoted to the Corporation s business and affairs. He or she shall, from time to time, report to the Chief Executive Officer on matters within the President s knowledge which the interests of the Corporation may require be brought to the Chief Executive Officer s attention. The President shall do and perform such other duties as from time to time prescribed by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 If the Chair, Vice Chair (if any) and Chief Executive Officer are unable to serve as Chair of any Shareholders meeting, then the President or the Corporate Secretary, may serve in their place. 

Article XXIII. 
 Vice Presidents. 

Each Vice President shall perform such duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time. In the event of the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer or the President, the duties and powers of such offices shall be performed and exercised by the Vice President designated to so act by the line of succession provided by the Board of Directors, or if not so provided by the Board of Directors, in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Article XXXIV. 

Article XXIV. 
 Corporate Secretary. 

The Corporate Secretary shall keep accurate minutes of all meetings of the Shareholders, the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, respectively, shall perform the duties commonly incident to the office of corporate secretary, and shall perform such other duties and have such 
 18 

other powers as the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time. The Corporate Secretary shall have power together with the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President, to sign certificates for shares of stock. In the Corporate Secretary s absence, an Assistant Corporate Secretary shall perform the duties of the office. 

Article XXV. 
 Treasurer. 

The Treasurer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer, shall have the care and custody of the money, funds and securities of the Corporation and shall have and exercise under the supervision of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer, all the powers and duties commonly incident to the office of treasurer and shall deposit all funds of the Corporation in a bank or banks, trust company or trust companies or with a firm or firms doing a banking business, pursuant to a specific or general authorization from the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer. The Treasurer may endorse for deposit or collection all checks, notes, et cetera, payable to the Corporation or to its order, may accept drafts on behalf of the Corporation, and, together with the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President, may sign certificates for shares of stock. 
 
 All checks, drafts, notes and other obligations for the payment of money, except bonds, debentures and notes issued under an indenture, shall be signed either manually or, if and to the extent authorized by the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer, through facsimile, by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or such other officer or agent as the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer or an officer designated by the Board of Directors shall authorize. Checks for the total amount of any payroll may be drawn in accordance with the foregoing provisions and deposited in a special fund. Checks upon this fund may be drawn by such person as the Treasurer shall designate. 

Article XXVI. 
 Controller. 

The Controller shall keep accurate books of account of the Corporation s transactions and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time. 

Article XXVII. 
 Officer Resignation and Removals. 

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors, to the Chair of the Board of Directors, to the Vice Chair (if any), to the Chief Executive Officer or to the Corporate Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of the written notice by one of the specified recipients, unless a later effective time is specified in the notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 
 The Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the entire Board, may remove any officer, with or without cause. 

Article XXVIII. 
 Officer Vacancies. 

If the office of any officer, one or more, becomes vacant by reason of death, disability, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, the Directors at the time in office, if a quorum, may, by a majority vote at a meeting at which a quorum is present, choose a successor or successors who shall hold office for the unexpired term or until such officer s successor is duly elected and qualified or the position is eliminated. 
 
 19 

Article XXIX. 
 Certificates and Records for Shares. 

(a) 
 Every Shareholder shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates for shares of record owned by such Shareholder in such form as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, duly numbered and setting forth the number and kind of shares to which such Shareholder is entitled. Such certificates shall be signed by the Chief Executive Officer, President or a Vice President and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Corporate Secretary or an Assistant Corporate Secretary. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more transfer agents and/or registrars for its stock of any class or classes and may require stock certificates to be countersigned and/or registered by one or more of such transfer agents and/or registrars. If certificates for shares are signed, either manually or by facsimile, engraved or printed, by a transfer agent or by a registrar, the signatures of the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Corporate Secretary or an Assistant Corporate Secretary may be facsimiles, engraved or printed. Any provisions of these Bylaws with reference to the signing of stock certificates shall include, in cases above permitted, such facsimiles. In case any officer or officers who shall have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used on, any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer or officers of the Corporation, whether because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued and delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used had not ceased to be such officer or officers of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors may authorize the issue of some or all of the shares of any or all of its classes or series without certificates. Within a reasonable time after the issue or transfer of shares without certificates, the Corporation shall send the Shareholder a written statement of the information required on certificates by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or other applicable law. 

(b) 
 Except as otherwise required by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or for the purpose of determining who is an Eligible Shareholder as provided for in Article XII, the Corporation may treat the person in whose name shares of stock of the Corporation (whether or not represented by a certificate) stand of record on its books or the books of any transfer agent or other agent designated by the Board of Directors as the absolute owner of the shares and the person exclusively entitled to receive notification and distributions, to vote, and to otherwise exercise the rights, powers and privileges of ownership of such shares. 

Article XXX. 
 Transfer of Shares. 

Shares may be transferred by delivery of the certificate accompanied either by an assignment in writing on the back of the certificate or by a written power of attorney to sell, assign and transfer the same on the books of the Corporation, signed by the person appearing by the certificate to be the owner of the shares, and shall be transferable on the books of the Corporation upon surrender so assigned or endorsed. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article XXX, the Corporation may adopt a system of issuance, recordation and transfer of its shares by electronic or other means not involving any issuance of certificates, provided that, the use of such system by the Corporation is permitted by law. 

Article XXXI. 
 Voting of Shares Held. 

20 

Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, the Chair of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chair (if any), the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, or the Corporate Secretary may from time to time appoint one or more attorneys-in-fact or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes that the Corporation may be entitled to cast as a shareholder or otherwise in any other corporation or other legal entity, any of whose stock or securities of which may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of any such other corporations or entities, or to consent in writing to any action by any such other corporation or entities, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consent, and may execute or cause to be executed on behalf of the Corporation such written proxies, consents, waivers or other instruments as they may deem necessary or proper in the premises; or either the Chair of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chair (if any), the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Corporate Secretary may attend any meeting of the shareholders or securityholders of any such other corporation or entity and vote or exercise any or all other powers of the Corporation as the shareholder or securityholder of such other corporation or entity. 

Article XXXII. 
 Bonds, Debentures and Notes Issued Under an Indenture. 

All bonds, debentures and notes issued under an indenture may be signed by (a) the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President or such other officer or agent as the Board of Directors shall authorize and by the Corporate Secretary or any Assistant Corporate Secretary or by the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer or such other officer or agent as the Board of Directors shall authorize, or (b) such officer or officers as may be specified in the indenture. The signature of any authorized officer of the Corporation on bonds, debentures and notes authenticated by a corporate trustee may be made manually or by facsimile. 

Article XXXIII. 
 Amendments. 

Both the Board of Directors and the Shareholders of record entitled to vote on the matter shall have the power to alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation or to adopt new Bylaws, but Bylaws enacted by the Shareholders, if expressly so provided, may not be altered, amended or repealed by the Directors. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Articles IV and XI of these Bylaws may not be amended, altered, changed or repealed without the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Article XXXIV. 
 Emergency Bylaws. 

The Emergency Bylaws provided in this Article XXXIV shall be operative during any emergency notwithstanding any different provision in these Bylaws or in the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation or in the Virginia Stock Corporation Act. An emergency exists if a quorum of the Corporation's Board of Directors cannot readily be assembled because of some catastrophic event. To the extent not inconsistent with these Emergency Bylaws, the Bylaws provided in the other Articles of these Bylaws shall remain in effect during such emergency and upon the termination of such emergency the Emergency Bylaws shall cease to be operative unless and until another such emergency shall occur. 
 
 During any such emergency: 

(a) 
 Any meeting of the Board of Directors may be called by any officer of the Corporation or by any Director. Notice shall be given by the person calling the meeting. The notice shall specify the time and place, if any, of the meeting. Notice may be given only to such of the Directors as it may be feasible to reach at the time and by such means as may be feasible at 

21 

the time, including publication or radio. If given by mail, messenger, electronic transmission or telephone, the notice shall be addressed to the Director's address or such other place as the person giving the notice shall deem most suitable. Notice shall be similarly given, to the extent feasible, to the other persons referred to in (b) below. Notice shall be given at least two days before the meeting if feasible in the judgment of the person giving the notice, but otherwise shall be given any time before the meeting as the person giving the notice shall deem necessary. 

(b) 
 At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the number of Directors fixed at the time in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation. If the Directors present at any particular meeting shall be fewer than the number required for such quorum, other persons present, as determined by the following provisions and in the following order of priority, up to the number necessary to make up such quorum, shall be deemed Directors for such particular meeting: 

(i) 
 The President, if not a Director; 

(ii) 
 The Executive Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority of first election to such office, or if two or more shall have been first elected to such office on the same day, in the order of their seniority in age; 

(iii) 
 The Senior Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority of first election to such office, or if two or more shall have been first elected to such office on the same day, in the order of their seniority in age; 

(iv) 
 All other Vice Presidents at the principal executive office of the Corporation in the order of their seniority of first election to such office, or if two or more shall have been first elected to such office on the same day, in the order of their seniority in age; and 

(v) 
 Any other persons that are designated on a list that shall have been approved by the Board of Directors before the emergency, such persons to be taken in such order of priority and subject to such conditions as may be provided in the resolution approving the list. 

(c) 
 The Board of Directors, during as well as before any such emergency, may provide, and from time to time modify, lines of succession in the event that during such an emergency any or all officers or agents of the Corporation for any reason shall be rendered incapable of discharging their duties. 

(d) 
 The Board of Directors, before and during any such emergency, may, effective in the emergency, change the principal executive office or designate several alternative principal offices or regional offices, or authorize the officers so to do. 

No officer, Director or employee shall be liable for any action taken in accordance with these Emergency Bylaws so long as they discharge their duties in accordance with their good faith business judgment of the best interests of the Corporation. 
 
 These Emergency Bylaws shall be subject to repeal or change by further action of the Board of Directors or by action of the Shareholders entitled to vote on the matter, except that no such repeal or change shall modify the provisions of the next preceding paragraph with regard to action or inaction prior to the time of such repeal or change. Any such amendment of these Emergency Bylaws may make any further or different provision that may be practical and necessary for the circumstances of the emergency. 

Article XXXV. 
 Control Share Acquisitions. 

22 

In the event that any acquiring person (an Acquiring Person as defined in Section 13.1 -728.1 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, either (a) fails to comply with the provisions of Section 13.1 -728.4 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or (b) fails to obtain the approval of the Shareholders of the Corporation at any meeting held pursuant to Section 13.1 -728.5 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, then the Corporation shall have authority, upon approval by resolution of the Board of Directors to call for redemption, at any time within sixty (60) days after the last acquisition of any such shares by such Acquiring Person or the date of such meeting, as the case may be, and thereafter to redeem on such date within such sixty (60) day period as may be specified in such resolution (the Redemption Date all shares of common stock of the Corporation theretofore acquired by the Acquiring Person in a control share acquisition (as defined in Section 13.1 -728.1 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act) and then owned beneficially by such Acquiring Person, as such number of shares may be either (a) shown on any control share acquisition statement or any statement or report filed by the Acquiring Person with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act or (b) otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. The redemption price shall be computed in accordance with Section 13.1 -728.7 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act and paid in cash on the Redemption Date against delivery at the principal executive office of the Corporation of certificates evidencing the shares so redeemed. 
 
 All determinations by the Board of Directors as to (a) the status of any person as an Acquiring Person under the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, (b) the number of shares of the Corporation owned by such Acquiring Person, (c) the timeliness of compliance by any Acquiring Person within Section 13.1 -728.4 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, or (d) the interpretation of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or this Article if made in good faith, shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 

Article XXXVI. 
 Forum for Adjudication of Disputes. 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Richmond Division, or, in the event that the court lacks jurisdiction or is unavailable to hear such action, the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action for breach of duty to the Corporation or the Corporation s shareholders by any current or former director, officer or shareholder of the Corporation, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (as it may be amended from time to time) or the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation or these By-Laws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine that is not included in clause (i), (ii) or (iii), in all cases subject to one of the courts having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 
 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XXXVI. 
 23 

</EX-3>

<EX-4>
 3
 d-ex4_13.htm
 EX-4.13

EX-4 

EXHIBIT 4.13 
 DESCRIPTION OF DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of our common stock, which is registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as well as applicable provisions of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, for more information. 
 References herein to we, our, us, the Company or Dominion Energy refer to Dominion Energy, Inc., a Virginia corporation. 
 Authorized Shares 
 We are authorized to issue 1.77 billion shares of capital stock, consisting of 20 million shares of preferred stock and 1.75 billion shares of common stock, without par value. No holder of shares of our common stock or preferred stock has any preemptive rights. 
 Listing 
 Our outstanding shares of common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol D. Any additional common stock we issue will also be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Dividends 
 Common shareholders may receive dividends when declared by our board of directors. Dividends may be paid in cash, stock or other form. In certain cases, common shareholders may not receive dividends until we have satisfied our obligations to any preferred shareholders. Under certain circumstances, our indentures or other agreements to which we are a party may also restrict our ability to pay cash dividends. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock will be available for future issuance without shareholder approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Fully Paid 
 All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Any additional common stock we issue will also be fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote in the election of directors and other matters. Common shareholders are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. 
 Other Rights 
 We will notify common shareholders of any shareholders meetings according to applicable law. If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business, either voluntarily or not, common shareholders will share equally in the assets remaining after we pay our creditors and preferred shareholders. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. currently serves as transfer agent, registrar and dividend paying agent for our common stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors can, without approval of shareholders, issue one or more series of preferred stock. The board can also determine the number of shares of each series and the rights, preferences and limitations of each series including the dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and any liquidation preferences, the number of shares constituting each series and the terms and conditions of issue. In some cases, the issuance of preferred stock could delay a change in control of the Company and make it harder to remove present management. Under certain circumstances, preferred stock could also restrict dividend payments to holders of our common stock. 
 The preferred stock will, when issued, be fully paid and non-assessable. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of the applicable series, shares of preferred stock of a given series will rank on a parity in all respects with any outstanding preferred stock we may have and will have priority over our common stock as to dividends and distributions of assets. Therefore, the rights of any preferred stock may limit the rights of the holders of our common stock and preferred stock. 
 On December 13, 2019, we issued 800,000 shares of 4.65 Series B Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, without par value (the Series B Preferred Stock). On December 9, 2021, we issued 1,000,000 shares of 4.35 Series C Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock and, together with the Series B Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock). 
 Certain terms of the Preferred Stock are described below and the full terms of the Preferred Stock are set forth in Article IIIB, in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, and Article IIIC, in the case of the Series C Preferred Stock, of our articles of incorporation. 
 Ranking 
 The Preferred Stock ranks senior to all classes or series of our common stock and any other class or series of junior stock, if any, with respect to dividends rights and rights upon any liquidation, winding-up or dissolution. 
 Liquidation Preference 
 If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up, holders of shares of Preferred Stock will have the right to receive 1,000 per share, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any (whether or not authorized or declared) up to, but excluding, the date of payment, before any payment is made to holders of our common stock and any other class or series of capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights, but subject to the prior payment in full of all of our liabilities and the preferences of any senior stock. 
 Dividends and Restrictions on Common Dividends 
 Dividends are payable on the Preferred Stock semi-annually in arrears, in each case when, as and if declared by our board of directors. However, dividends on each series of Preferred Stock accumulate regardless of whether such dividends are declared by the board of directors, permitted under Virginia law or prohibited by any agreement to which we are a party. Dividends on the Preferred Stock are payable only in cash. 
 As long as shares of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid, or a sufficient sum has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, we are not permitted to (i) declare and pay dividends on any capital stock ranking, as to dividends, on parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock, such as the common stock, or (ii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any capital stock ranking, as to dividends or upon liquidation, on parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock, such as the common stock, subject, in the case of both clauses (i) and (ii), to certain exceptions as described in the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, respectively. 

Voting Rights 
 Holders of shares of Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights, except as otherwise required by Virginia law. However, if dividends on any shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid in full for three semi-annual full dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, holders of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, together with holders of any other series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to our board to serve until all accumulated unpaid dividends have been paid or declared with a sufficient sum set aside for payment. 
 Virginia Stock Corporation Act and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 General 
 We are a Virginia corporation subject to the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the Virginia Act ). Provisions of the Virginia Act, in addition to provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, address corporate governance issues, including the rights of shareholders. Some of these provisions could hinder management changes while others could have an anti- takeover effect. This anti-takeover effect may, in some circumstances, reduce the control premium that might otherwise be reflected in the value of our common stock. 
 Certain key provisions of the Virginia Act and our articles of incorporation and bylaws are summarized below. 
 Business Combinations 
 Our articles of incorporation require that any merger, share exchange or sale of substantially all of our assets be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by each voting group entitled to vote on the matter. 
 Article 14 of the Virginia Act contains several provisions relating to transactions with interested shareholders. Interested shareholders are holders of more than 10 of any class of a corporation s outstanding voting shares. Transactions between a corporation and an interested shareholder are referred to as affiliated transactions. The Virginia Act requires that material affiliated transactions must be approved by at least two-thirds of the shareholders not including the interested shareholder. Affiliated transactions requiring this two-thirds approval include mergers, share exchanges, material dispositions of corporate assets, dissolution or any reclassification of securities or merger of the corporation with any of its subsidiaries which increases the percentage of voting shares owned by an interested shareholder by more than five percent. 
 For three years following the time that a shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, a Virginia corporation cannot engage in an affiliated transaction with the interested shareholder without approval of two-thirds of the disinterested voting shares, and majority approval of disinterested directors. A disinterested director is a director who was a director on the date on which an interested shareholder became an interested shareholder or was recommended for election or elected by a majority of the disinterested directors then on the board. After three years, an affiliated transaction must be approved by either two-thirds of disinterested voting shares or a majority of disinterested directors. 
 The provisions of the Virginia Act relating to affiliated transactions do not apply if a majority of disinterested directors approve the acquisition of shares making a person an interested shareholder. 
 The Virginia Act permits corporations to opt out of the affiliated transactions provisions. We have not opted out. 
 
 The Virginia Act also contains provisions regulating certain control share acquisitions, which are transactions causing the voting strength of any person acquiring beneficial ownership of shares of a public corporation in Virginia to meet or exceed certain threshold voting percentages (20 , 33 1 / 3 , or 50 ). Shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights unless the voting rights are granted by a majority vote of all outstanding shares other than those held by the acquiring person or any officer or employee-director of the corporation. The 

acquiring person may require that a special meeting of the shareholders be held to consider the grant of voting rights to the shares acquired in the control share acquisition. 
 Our bylaws give us the right to redeem the shares purchased by an acquiring person in a control share acquisition. We can do this if the acquiring person fails to deliver a statement to us listing information required by the Virginia Act or if our shareholders vote not to grant voting rights to the acquiring person. 
 The Virginia Act permits corporations to opt out of the control share acquisition provisions. We have not opted out. 
 Directors Duties 
 The standards of conduct for directors of Virginia corporations are listed in Section 13.1-690 of the Virginia Act. Directors must discharge their duties in accordance with their good faith business judgment of the best interests of the corporation. Directors may rely on the advice or acts of others, including officers, employees, attorneys, accountants and board committees if they have a good faith belief in their competence. Directors actions are not subject to a reasonableness or prudent person standard. Virginia s federal and state courts have focused on the process involved with directors decision-making and are generally supportive of directors if they have based their decision on an informed process. These elements of Virginia law could make it more difficult to take over a Virginia corporation than corporations in other states. 
 Board of Directors 
 Members of our board of directors serve one-year terms and are elected annually. Except when the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected (a contested election), directors are elected by majority vote. In the case of a contested election, directors are elected by a plurality vote. Directors may be removed from office for cause if the number of votes cast to remove the director constitutes a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at an election of directors of the voting group by which the director was elected. 
 Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our shareholders can submit shareholder proposals and nominate candidates for the board of directors if the shareholders follow advance notice procedures described in our bylaws. 
 To nominate directors, shareholders must submit a written notice to our corporate secretary at least 60 days before a scheduled meeting. The notice must include the name and address of the shareholder and of the nominee, a description of any arrangements between the shareholder and the nominee, information about the nominee and related matters required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the written consent of the nominee to serve as a director and certain other information as required by our bylaws. 
 Shareholder proposals must be submitted to our corporate secretary at least 90, but not more than 120, days before the first anniversary of the date of our last annual meeting. The notice must include a description of the proposal, the reasons for presenting the proposal at the annual meeting, the text of any resolutions to be presented, the shareholder s name and address and number of shares held, any material interest of the shareholder and certain associated persons in the proposal, certain representations by the shareholder and certain other information as required by our bylaws. 
 Director nominations and shareholder proposals that are late or that do not include all required information may be rejected. This could prevent shareholders from bringing certain matters before an annual or special meeting, including making nominations for directors. 
 Proxy Access 
 Our bylaws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning 3 or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, to nominate and include in our annual meeting proxy materials 

director candidates to occupy up to two or 20 of our board seats (whichever is greater), provided that such shareholder or group of shareholders satisfies the requirements set forth in the bylaws. 
 
 Meetings of Shareholders and Action by Written Consent 
 Under our bylaws, meetings of the shareholders may be called by the chairman of the board, the vice chairman, the president or a majority of our board of directors. Special meetings of shareholders will also be held whenever called by the Corporate Secretary, upon the written request of shareholders owning continuously for a period of at least one year prior to the date of such request more than 15 of all of our outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Under the Virginia Act, action required or permitted to be taken at a shareholders meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by all the shareholders entitled to vote on the action. In addition, the Virginia Act provides that the articles of incorporation of a corporation may authorize action by shareholders by less than unanimous written consent provided that the taking of such action is consistent with any requirements that may be set forth in the corporation s articles of incorporation, bylaws or the Virginia Act provision. In the case of a public corporation, the inclusion of such a provision in the articles of incorporation must be approved by more than two-thirds of any voting group entitled to vote on the amendment. 
 The Virginia Act further provides that less than unanimous written consents is not available at any public corporation whose articles of incorporation or bylaws allow a special meeting to be called by shareholders (or a group of shareholders) holding 30 or fewer of all votes entitled to be cast. Therefore, before our shareholders may have the right to act by less than unanimous written consent, our board and more than two-thirds of the holders of our common stock would need to approve an amendment to our articles of incorporation to add such a provision and the bylaws would need to be amended to increase the percentage of shareholders required to call a special meeting above 30 . The board currently does not intend to approve either of these actions. 
 These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next annual shareholders meeting shareholder consideration of actions which are favored by the holders of up to 15 of our outstanding shares of common stock, because such holders would be able to consider such action as shareholders, such as electing new directors or approving a merger, only at a duly called shareholders meeting and would not own sufficient shares of our common stock to request the calling of a special meeting. 
 Amendment of Articles 
 Generally, our articles of incorporation may only be amended or repealed by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by each voting group entitled to vote on the matter. 
 Indemnification 
 Under our articles of incorporation, we indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted under Virginia law against all liabilities incurred in connection with their service to us. We have also entered into agreements relating to the advancement of expenses for certain of our directors and officers in advance of a final disposition of proceedings or the making of any determination of eligibility for indemnification pursuant to our articles of incorporation. 
 Limitation of Liability 
 Our articles of incorporation provide that our directors and officers will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors or officers, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our shareholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper personal benefit from their action as directors or officers. This provision applies only to claims against directors or officers arising out of their role as directors or officers and not in any other capacity. Directors and officers remain liable for violations of the federal securities laws and we retain the right to pursue legal remedies other than monetary damages, such as an injunction or rescission for breach of the officer s or director s duty of care. 

Forum Selection 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, and subject to the applicable court having personal jurisdiction over certain parties, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Richmond Division, or, in the event such court is unavailable for the action at issue, the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) action for breach of duty to the Company or the Company s shareholders by any current or former director, officer or shareholder of the Company, (iii) action asserting a claim arising under the Virginia Act or our articles of incorporation or bylaws or (iv) action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine that is not included in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above. Our bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for any cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Any person or entity acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the above provisions in our bylaws. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 4
 d-ex10_24.htm
 EX-10.24

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.24 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT SPECIAL GRANT 

PARTICIPANT Steven D. Ridge 
 DATE OF GRANT December 1, 2022 
 NUMBER OF SHARES OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANTED 5,798 

PERSONNEL NUMBER ##### 
 VESTING SCHEDULE Vesting Date Percentage December 1, 2023 33.33 December 1, 2024 66.67 December 1, 2025 100 

THIS AGREEMENT, effective as of the Date of Grant shown above, between Dominion Energy, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company and the Participant named above is made pursuant and subject to the provisions of the Dominion Energy, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan and any amendments thereto (the Plan ). All terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Plan have the same meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 1. Award of Stock . Pursuant to the Plan, the Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Granted shown above (the Restricted Stock were awarded to the Participant on the Date of Grant shown above, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and subject further to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

2. Vesting . Except as provided in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 6, one-third (1/3) of the shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Agreement will vest on each of the Vesting Dates shown above. 

3. Forfeiture . Except as provided in Sections 4 or 5, the Participant will forfeit any and all rights in any shares of Restricted Stock that have not yet vested, if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company terminates for any reason prior to the final Vesting Date. 

4. Death, Disability, Retirement or Involuntary Termination without Cause . Except as provided in Section 5, if the Participant terminates employment due to death, Disability, or Retirement (as such term is defined in Section 8(e)) before the final Vesting Date or if the Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company) before the final Vesting Date, the Participant will become vested in a number of shares of Restricted Stock determined by (A) minus (B), where (A) equals the number of shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Agreement multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the Date of Grant to the first day of the month coinciding with or immediately following the date of 

1 

the Participant s termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the Date of Grant to the final Vesting Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and (B) equals the number of shares of Restricted Stock, if any, which have vested prior to the date of such termination of employment. If the Participant Retires, however, the Participant s Restricted Stock will not vest if the Company s Chief Executive Officer in his sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. The vesting will occur on the date of the Participant s termination of employment due to death, Disability, Retirement, or termination by the Company without Cause. Any shares of Restricted Stock that do not vest in accordance with this Section 4 will be forfeited. 

5. Change of Control . Upon a Change of Control prior to the final Vesting Date, provided the Participant has remained continuously employed with the Company or a Dominion Company from the Date of Grant to the date of the Change of Control, the Participant s rights in the Restricted Stock will become vested as follows: 

a. A portion of the Restricted Stock will be immediately vested equal to (A) minus (B), where (A) equals the number of shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Agreement multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the Date of Grant to the Change of Control date, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the Date of Grant to the final Vesting Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and (B) equals the number of shares of Restricted Stock, if any, which have vested on an applicable Vesting Date prior to the date of the Change in Control. 

b. Unless previously forfeited, the remaining shares of Restricted Stock will become vested after a Change of Control at the earliest of the following events and in accordance with the terms described in subsections (i) through (iii) below: 

(i) Vesting Date . The remaining shares of Restricted Stock will become vested on the applicable Vesting Date following the date of the Change in Control as follows: (1) the number of remaining shares of Restricted Stock that will vest on the first Vesting Date following the date of the Change of Control will equal (A) minus (B), where (A) one-third (1/3) of the number of shares of Restricted Stock granted under this Agreement and (B) equals the number of shares of Restricted Stock that vested pursuant to Section 5(a) above; and (2) the number of remaining shares of Restricted Stock that will vest on any subsequent Vesting Date will equal one third (1/3) of the shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder. 

2 

(ii) Death, Disability or Retirement . If the Participant terminates employment due to death, Disability or Retirement (as defined in Section 8(e)) before the final Vesting Date, the Participant will become vested in a number of shares of Restricted Stock equal to (A) minus (B), where (A) equals the remaining shares of Restricted Stock multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the month in which the Change of Control occurs to the first day of the month coinciding with or immediately following the Participant s termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the month in which the Change of Control occurs to the Vesting Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and (B) equals the number of remaining shares of Restricted Stock, if any, that have vested on an applicable Vesting Date after the date of the Change of Control. If the Participant Retires, however, the Participant s Restricted Stock will not vest if the Company s Chief Executive Officer in his sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. The vesting will occur on the date of the Participant s termination of employment due to death, Disability, or Retirement. Any shares of the Restricted Stock that do not vest in accordance with the terms of this subsection (ii) will be forfeited. 

(iii) Involuntary Termination without Cause . All remaining shares of Restricted Stock will become vested upon the Participant s involuntary termination by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause before the final Vesting Date, or upon the Participant s Constructive Termination before the final Vesting Date, as such terms are defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company. 

6. Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company is terminated for Cause (as defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company), the Participant will forfeit all Restricted Stock shares awarded pursuant to this Agreement. 

7. Clawback of Award Payment . 

a. Restatement of Financial Statements . If the Company s financial statements are required to be restated at any time within a two (2) year period following the Vesting Date as a result of fraud or intentional misconduct, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and 

3 

circumstances surrounding the restatement, direct the Company to withhold issuance of all or a portion of the shares granted pursuant to this Agreement, or if shares have been issued, to recover all or a portion of the shares from the Participant if the Participant s conduct directly caused or partially caused the need for the restatement. 

b. Fraudulent or Intentional Misconduct . If the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in fraudulent or intentional misconduct related to or materially affecting the Company s business operations or the Participant s duties at the Company, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the misconduct, direct the Company to withhold issuance of all or a portion of the shares granted pursuant to this Agreement, or if shares have been issued, to recover all or a portion of the shares from the Participant. 

c. Recovery of Payout . The Company reserves the right to recover a Restricted Stock Award payout pursuant to this Section 7 by (i) seeking recovery of the vested shares from the Participant; (ii) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the Participant under another Company benefit plan or compensation program to the extent permitted by applicable law; (iii) withholding future annual and long-term incentive awards or salary increases; or (iv) taking any combination of these actions. 

d. No Limitation on Remedies . The Company s right to recover Restricted Stock or issued shares pursuant to this Section 7 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, actions the Company may take to remedy or discipline a Participant s misconduct including, but not limited to, termination of employment or initiation of a legal action for breach of fiduciary duty. 

e. Subject to Future Rulemaking . The Restricted Stock granted under this Agreement is subject to any claw back policies the Company may adopt in order to conform to the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and resulting rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or national securities exchanges thereunder and that the Company determines should apply to said Restricted Stock. 

8 .	 Terms and Conditions . 
 
 a. Nontransferability . Except as provided in Sections 4 and 5, the shares of Restricted Stock are not transferable and are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until the Vesting Date. 

b. Uncertificated Shares; Power of Attorney . The Company may issue the Restricted Shares in uncertificated form. Such uncertificated shares shall be credited to a book entry account maintained by the Company (or its 

4 

transfer agent) on behalf of the Participant. As a condition of accepting this award, the Participant hereby irrevocably appoints Dominion Energy Services, Inc., or its successor, as the Participant s attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, to transfer (or provide instructions to the Company s transfer agent to transfer) such shares on the Company s books. 

c. Custody of Share Certificates; Stock Power . The Company will retain custody of any share certificates for the Restricted Stock that may be issued until such shares vest or are forfeited. If share certificates are issued, the Participant shall execute and deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, to Dominion Energy Services, Inc., with respect to such shares. 

d. Shareholder Rights . The Participant will have the right to receive dividends and will have the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock awarded under Section 1, both vested and unvested. 

e. Retirement . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Retire or Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment on a date when the Participant is eligible for early or normal retirement benefits under the terms of the Company Pension Plan (as defined below), or would be eligible if any crediting of deemed additional years of age or service applicable to the Participant under a supplemental retirement plan of the Company was applied under the Company Pension Plan, as in effect at the time of the determination, or, for a Participant who is not eligible to participate in a Company Pension Plan, a voluntary termination of employment on or after age 55, unless (in each case) the Company s Chief Executive Officer in his sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s retirement is detrimental to the Company. Company Pension Plan means the applicable pension plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, in which the Participant is eligible to participate as of the Date of Grant, which may include either the Dominion Energy Pension Plan or the SCANA Corporation Retirement Plan or any successor thereto, but excluding the cash balance portion of any such plan. 

f. Delivery of Shares. 

(i) Share Delivery . On or as soon as administratively feasible after the Vesting Date or the date on which the shares of Restricted Stock have become vested due to the occurrence of an event described in Section 4 or 5, the Company will remove (or provide instructions to its transfer agents to remove) the transfer restrictions described herein, and (if any share certificate has been issued) shall deliver to the Participant (or in the event of the 

5 

Participant s death, the Participant s Beneficiary) any such certificates free of the transfer restrictions described herein. The Company will also cancel any stock power covering such shares. 

(ii) Withholding of Taxes . No Company Stock will be delivered until the Participant (or the Participant s Beneficiary) has paid to the Company the amount that must be withheld under federal, state and local income and employment tax laws (the Applicable Withholding Taxes or the Participant and the Company have made satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such taxes. Unless the Participant makes an alternative election, the Company will retain the number of shares of Restricted Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) required to satisfy the Applicable Withholding Taxes. As an alternative to the Company retaining shares, the Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary may elect to (i) deliver Mature Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value) or (ii) make a cash payment to satisfy Applicable Withholding Taxes. 

g. Fractional Shares . Fractional shares of Company Stock will not be issued. 

h. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or a Dominion Company, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or a Dominion Company to terminate the Participant's employment at any time. 

i. Change in Capital Structure . The number and fair market value of shares of Restricted Stock awarded by this Agreement shall be automatically adjusted as provided in Section 18(a) of the Plan if the Company has a change in capital structure. 

j. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, other than its choice of law provisions. 

k. Conflicts . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 

l. Participant Bound by Plan . By accepting this Agreement, Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the prospectus and Plan document accessible on the Company Intranet and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions thereof. 

m. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the legatees, distributees, and personal representatives of the Participant and any successors of the Company. 

6 

7 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 d-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.25 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 2023 PERFORMANCE GRANT PLAN 

1. 	 Purpose. The purpose of the 2023 Performance Grant Plan (the Plan is to set forth the terms of 2023 Performance Grants Performance Grants awarded by Dominion Energy, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company ). This Plan contains the performance goals for the awards, the performance criteria, the target and maximum amounts payable, and other applicable terms and conditions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Company s 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended. 
 
 	 2. 	 Definitions. 
 
 a.	 Beneficiary . Means the individual, individuals, entity, entities or the estate of a Participant entitled to receive the amounts payable under a Performance Grant, if any, upon the Participant s death. 
 
 b.	 Cause .	For purposes of this Plan, the term Cause will have the meaning assigned to that term under a Participant s Employment Continuity Agreement with the Company, as such Agreement may be amended from time to time. 
 
 c.	 Committee . Means the Compensation Talent Development Committee of the board of directors of the Company (or any successor board committee designated by the board of directors of the Company to administer this Plan). 
 
 d.	 Company Pension Plan . Means the applicable pension plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, in which the Participant is eligible to participate as of the Date of Grant, which may include either the Dominion Energy Pension Plan or the SCANA Corporation Retirement Plan or any successor thereto, but excluding the cash balance portion of any such plan. 	 
 
 e.	 Date of Grant . February 1, 2023. 
 
 f.	 Disability or Disabled . Means a disability as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4). The Committee will determine whether or not a Disability exists and its determination will be conclusive and binding on the Participant. 
 
 g.	 Participant . An officer of the Company or a Dominion Company who receives a Performance Grant on the Date of Grant. 
 
 h. 	 Performance Period . The 36-month period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025. 
 	 
 i.	 Retire or Retirement . 	For purposes of this Plan, the term Retire or Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment on a date when the Participant is eligible for early or normal retirement benefits under the terms of the Company Pension 
 1 

Plan, or would be eligible if any crediting of deemed additional years of age or service applicable to the Participant under a supplemental retirement plan of the Company was applied under the Company Pension Plan, as in effect at the time of the determination, or, for a Participant who is not eligible to participate in a Company Pension Plan, a voluntary termination of employment on or after age 55, unless (in each case) the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s retirement is detrimental to the Company. 
 
 j.	 Target Amount . The dollar amount designated in the written notice to the Participant communicating the Performance Grant. 
 	 
 	 3. 	 Performance Grants. A Participant will receive a written notice of the amount designated as the Participant s Target Amount for the Performance Grant payable under the terms of this Plan. The actual payout may be from 0 to 200 of the Target Amount, depending on the achievement of the performance goals. 
 
 4. 	 Performance Achievement and Time of Payment . Upon the completion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the final performance goal achievement of each of the performance criteria described in Section 6 and Exhibit A. The Company will then calculate the final amount of each Participant s Performance Grant based on such performance goal achievement. Except as provided in Sections 7(b) or 8, the Committee will determine the time of payout of the Performance Grants, provided that in no event will payment be made later than March 15, 2026. Performance Grants shall be paid in cash. 
 
 5. 	 Forfeiture. Except as provided in Sections 7 and 8, a Participant's right to payout of a Performance Grant will be forfeited if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company terminates for any reason before the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 6. 	 Performance Goals. Payout of Performance Grants will be based on the performance goal achievement of the performance criteria described in this Section 6 and the performance goal achievement of the performance criteria to be determined by the Committee and set forth in Exhibit A. 
 
 a.	 Relative TSR Performance . Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Relative TSR Performance will determine fifty percent (50 of the Target Amount TSR Percentage ). Relative TSR Performance is defined in Section 6(b) below. The percentage of the TSR Percentage that will be paid out, if any, is based on the following table: 
 
 Relative 
 	TSR Performance				Percentage Payout 
 	 Percentile Ranking 				 of TSR Percentage 
 	 85 th or above	200 
 	50 th 	100 
 	25 th 	 50 
 	Below 25 th	 0 
 2 

To the extent that the Company s Relative TSR Performance ranks in a percentile between the 25 th and 85 th percentile in the table above, then the TSR Percentage payout will be interpolated between the corresponding TSR Percentage payout set forth above. In addition to the foregoing payments, and regardless of the Company s Relative TSR Performance, the following may be earned: (i) an additional payment of 25 of the TSR Percentage will be made if the Company s Price-Earnings Ratio (as defined in Section 6(c) below) is at or above the 50 th percentile and below the top third of the group of companies (inclusive of the Company) used to measure Relative TSR Performance in accordance with Section 6(b), or (ii) an additional payment of 50 of the TSR Percentage will be made if the Company s Price-Earnings Ratio is at or above the top third of the group of companies (inclusive of the Company) used to measure Relative TSR Performance in accordance with Section 6(b) (the Performance Adder ). The Committee may reduce or eliminate payment of the Performance Adder in its sole discretion. 
 
 The overall percentage payment under the entire Performance Grant may not exceed 200 of the Target Amount. 
 
 b .	 Determination of Relative TSR Performance . Relative TSR Performance will be measured based on where the Company s total shareholder return during the Performance Period ranks in relation to the total shareholder returns of the companies that are members of the Company s compensation peer group as of the Date of Grant as set forth below (the Comparison Companies ): 
 
 Ameren Corporation 				Exelon Corporation 
 American Electric Power Company 		FirstEnergy Corporation 
 CenterPoint Energy				NextEra Energy 
 CMS Energy Corporation 			NiSource Incorporated 
 Consolidated Edison Company		Public Service Enterprise Group 
 Duke Energy Corporation 			Southern Company 
 Edison International				WEC Energy Group 
 Entergy Corporation 				Xcel Energy 
 Eversource Energy 				 
 	 
 The Comparison Companies shall be adjusted during the Performance Period as follows: 
 
 (i) 	In the event of a merger, acquisition or business combination transaction of a Comparison Company with or by another Comparison Company, effective upon the public announcement of the transaction, the surviving entity shall remain a Comparison Company and the non-surviving entity shall cease to be a Comparison Company (provided that, if the proposed transaction is subsequently terminated before the Relative TSR Performance is calculated, then the non-surviving company shall be retroactively reinstated as a Comparison Company); 
 
 (ii) 	If it is publicly announced that a Comparison Company will be acquired by another company that is not a Comparison Company, or in the event a 
 3 

going private transaction is publicly announced where the Comparison Company will not be the surviving entity or will otherwise no longer be publicly traded, the company shall cease to be a Comparison Company as of the date such announcement is made (provided that, if the proposed transaction is subsequently terminated before the Relative TSR Performance is calculated, then the company shall be retroactively reinstated as a Comparison Company); 
 
 (iii) 	In the event of a spinoff, divestiture, or sale of a substantial portion of assets of a Comparison Company, the Comparison Company shall no longer be a Comparison Company if the company s reported revenue (in its GAAP accounts) for the four most recently reported quarters ending on or before the last day of the Performance Period falls below 40 of Dominion Energy s reported revenue (in its GAAP accounts) for the four most recently reported quarters on or before the last day of the Performance Period; and 
 
 (iv) 	In the event of a bankruptcy of a Comparison Company, such company shall remain a Comparison Company and its stock price will continue to be tracked for purposes of Relative TSR Performance. If the company liquidates, it will remain a Comparison Company and its stock price will be reduced to zero for the remaining Performance Period. 

Total shareholder return consists of the difference between the value of a share of common stock at the beginning (the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the first 20 trading days of the Performance Period) and end (the VWAP of the last 20 trading days of the Performance Period), plus the value of gross dividends paid as if reinvested in stock and other appropriate adjustments for such events as stock splits. For purposes of Relative TSR Performance, the total shareholder return of the Company and the Comparison Companies will be calculated using data from Bloomberg or another comparable source. As soon as practicable after the completion of the Performance Period, the total shareholder returns of the Comparison Companies will be calculated and ranked from highest to lowest by the Committee. The Company s total shareholder return will then be ranked in terms of which percentile it would have placed in among the Comparison Companies. 
 
 c.	 Price-Earnings Ratio . Price-Earnings Ratio for the Company and each of the Comparison Companies means the forward price-earnings ratio (i.e. the share price on the last day of the Performance Period divided by the expected earnings per share for the year following the end of the Performance Period) reported as of the last day of the Performance Period as sourced from FactSet or such other financial data provider as the Committee may determine. The expected earnings per share will be the mean of relevant analyst recommendations. Price-Earnings Ratio performance will be measured based on where the Company s Price-Earnings Ratio ranks in relation to the Price-Earnings Ratios of the Comparison Companies. As soon as practicable after the completion of the Performance Period, the Price-Earnings Ratios of the Comparison Companies will be 
 4 

determined and ranked from highest to lowest by the Committee. The Company s Price-Earnings Ratio will then be ranked in terms of which percentile it placed in among the Comparison Companies. 

7. 	 Retirement, Involuntary Termination without Cause, Death or Disability. 
 
 a.	 Retirement or Involuntary Termination without Cause . Except as provided in Section 8, if a Participant Retires during the Performance Period or if a Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause during the Performance Period, and in either case the Participant would have been eligible for a payment if the Participant had remained employed until the end of the Performance Period, the Participant will receive a pro-rated payout of the Participant s Performance Grant equal to the payment the Participant would have received had the Participant remained employed until the end of the Performance Period multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s retirement or termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the last day of the Performance Period. Payment will be made after the end of the Performance Period at the time provided in Section 4 based on the performance goal achievement approved by the Committee. If the Participant Retires, however, no payment will be made if the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. 
 
 b.	 Death or Disability . If, while employed by the Company or a Dominion Company, a Participant dies or becomes Disabled during the Performance Period, the Participant or, in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s Beneficiary will receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the product of (i) and (ii) where: 
 
 (i)	is the amount that would be paid based on the predicted performance used for determining the compensation cost recognized by the Company for the Participant s Performance Grant for the latest financial statement filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q immediately prior to the event; and 
 
 (ii)	is a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s death or Disability, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the 
 5 

calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 Payment under this Section 7(b) will be made as soon as administratively feasible (and in any event within sixty (60) days) after the date of the Participant s death or Disability, and the Participant shall not have the right to any further payment under this Agreement. In the event of the Participant s death, payment will be made to the Participant s designated Beneficiary. 
 
 8.	Qualifying Change of Control. Upon a Qualifying Change of Control prior to the end of the Performance Period, provided the Participant has remained continuously employed with the Company or a Dominion Company from the Date of Grant to the date of the Qualifying Change of Control, the Participant will receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the greater of (i) the Target Amount or (ii) the total payout that would be made at the end of the Performance Period if the predicted performance used for determining the compensation cost recognized by the Company for the Participant s Performance Grant for the latest financial statement filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q immediately prior to the Qualifying Change of Control was the actual performance for the Performance Period (in either case, the COC Payout Amount ). Payment will be made on or as soon as administratively feasible following the Qualifying Change of Control date and in no event later than sixty (60) days following the Qualifying Change of Control date. If a Qualifying Change of Control occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period and after a Participant has Retired or been involuntarily terminated without Cause pursuant to Section 7(a) above, then the Participant will receive a pro-rated payout of the Participant s Performance Grant, equal to the COC Payout Amount multiplied by the fraction set forth in Section 7(a) above, with payment occurring in a cash lump sum on or as soon as administratively feasible (but in any event within sixty (60) days) after the Qualifying Change of Control date. Following any payment under this Section 8, the Participant shall not have the right to any further payment under this Agreement. 
 
 9.	Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company is terminated for Cause (as defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company), the Participant will forfeit all rights to their Performance Grant. 
 
 10.	Clawback of Award Payment. 
 
 a. Restatement of Financial Statements . If the Company s financial statements are required to be restated at any time within a two (2) year period following the end of the Performance Period as a result of fraud or intentional misconduct, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the restatement, direct the Company to recover all or a portion of the Performance Grant payout from the Participant if the Participant s conduct directly caused or partially caused the need for the restatement. 

b. Fraudulent or Intentional Misconduct . If the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in fraudulent or intentional misconduct related to or materially affecting the Company s business operations or the Participant s duties at the Company, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the 

6 

misconduct, direct the Company to withhold payment, or if payment has been made, to recover all or a portion of the Performance Grant payout from the Participant. 

c. Recovery of Payout . The Company reserves the right to recover a Performance Grant payout pursuant to this Section 10 by (i) seeking repayment from the Participant; (ii) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the Participant under another Company benefit plan or compensation program to the extent permitted by applicable law; (iii) withholding future annual and long-term incentive awards or salary increases; or (iv) taking any combination of these actions. 

d. No Limitation on Remedies . The Company s right to recover a Performance Grant payout pursuant to this Section 10 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, actions the Company may take to remedy or discipline a Participant s misconduct including, but not limited to, termination of employment or initiation of a legal action for breach of fiduciary duty. 

e. Subject to Future Rulemaking . The Performance Grant payout is subject to any claw back policies the Company may adopt in order to conform to the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and Consumer Protection Act and resulting rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or national securities exchanges thereunder and that the Company determines should apply to this Performance Grant Plan. 

11.	Miscellaneous. 
 
 a. Nontransferability . Except as provided in Section 7(b), a Performance Grant is not transferable and is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until the end of the Performance Period. 

b. No Right to Continued Employment . A Performance Grant does not confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor will it interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate a Participant's employment at any time. 

c. Tax Withholding . The Company will withhold Applicable Withholding Taxes from the payout of Performance Grants. 

d.	 Performance Goal Adjustments . The Committee may at any time, in its sole discretion, make any adjustments to the performance goals set forth in this award or in Exhibit A, or to the calculation of the Company s financial or other results for the Performance Period or any portion thereof, or may reduce or increase any applicable Percentage Payouts, in order to reflect any unusual or infrequent events, such as or related to new legislation, regulatory orders/outcomes, asset write-offs, weather, storms, supply chain disruptions, commodity prices, or mergers, acquisitions or dispositions involving the Company, that were not contemplated at the time of grant. 
 
 7 

e.	 Governing Law . This Plan shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to its choice of law provisions. 
 
 f.	 Binding Effect . This Plan will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the legatees, distributes, and personal representatives of Participants and any successors of the Company. 
 
 g.	 Section 409A . This Plan and the Performance Grants hereunder are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code Section 409A ), and shall be interpreted to the maximum extent possible in accordance with such intent. To the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, no payment will be made earlier than six months after a Participant s termination of employment other than for death if the Performance Grant is subject to Code Section 409A and the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)). 
 
 h.	 Administration . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall have all of the applicable powers and authority set forth in Section 19 of the Company s 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan with respect to this Plan and the Performance Grants awarded hereunder, the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 i. Termination and Amendment . The Committee may amend the Plan and Performance Grants awarded hereunder, provided that, except as otherwise provided herein, no termination or amendment of the Plan or any Performance Grants under the Plan shall materially adversely affect a Participant s rights with respect to any outstanding Performance Grant without that Participant s consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may amend the Plan and Performance Grants awarded hereunder without having to obtain the consent of any affected Participant as it deems necessary or appropriate to ensure compliance with applicable laws or to cause Performance Grants to avoid adverse tax consequences under the Code and regulations thereunder. 

j.	 Notice . All notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or mailed first class, postage prepaid, as follows: (a) if to the Company at the principal business address of the Company to the attention of the Corporate Secretary of the Company; and (b) if to any Participant at the last address of the Participant known to the sender at the time the notice or other communication is sent. 
 
 k.	 Interpretation . Unless otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any such plan or program, settlements of awards received by participants under the Plan shall not be deemed a part of a participant s regular, recurring compensation for purposes of calculating payments or benefits from any benefit plan or severance program of the Company or a Dominion Company or any severance pay law of any country. Nothing contained in the Plan will be deemed in any way to limit or restrict the Company or any Dominion Company from making any award or payment to any person under any other plan, arrangement or understanding, whether now existing or hereafter in effect. 
 
 8 

l.	 Beneficiary Matters . A Participant may designate a Beneficiary to receive benefits due under a Performance Grant, if any, upon the Participant s death. Designation of a Beneficiary shall be made by execution of a form approved or accepted by the Committee. In the absence of a valid Beneficiary designation, a Participant s surviving spouse, if any, and if none, the Participant s estate, shall be the Beneficiary. A Participant may change a prior Beneficiary designation by a subsequent execution of a new Beneficiary designation form. The change in Beneficiary will be effective upon receipt by the Committee. Any payment made to a Beneficiary under this Plan in good faith shall fully discharge the Company and the Dominion Companies from all further obligations with respect to that payment. If the Committee has any doubt as to the proper Beneficiary to receive a payment under this Plan, the Committee shall have the right to withhold such payment until the matter is fully adjudicated. In making any payment to or for the benefit of any minor or an incompetent Participant or Beneficiary, the administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, may make a distribution to a legal or natural guardian or other relative of a minor or court-appointed representative of such incompetent. Alternatively, it may make a payment to any adult with whom the minor or incompetent temporarily or permanently resides. The receipt by a guardian, representative, relative or other person shall be a complete discharge of the Company and the Dominion Companies obligations under the Plan. The Company shall have no responsibility to see to the proper application of any payment so made. The Plan shall be binding on all successors and assigns of a Participant, including, without limitation, the estate of such participant and the executor, administrator or trustee of such estate, or any receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or representative of the Participant s creditors. 
 
 m.	 Deferred Payouts . If a Participant who has become entitled to a payout of their Performance Grant has previously elected to defer receipt of all or a portion of the Performance Grant under the Dominion Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Deferred Compensation Plan ), then, in lieu of a cash payment to the Participant as otherwise described in the Plan, the payout amount of the Performance Grant (or applicable portion thereof) will be credited to the Participant s book-entry account under the Deferred Compensation Plan as of the date such amount would otherwise have been paid to the Participant. 
 
 n.	 Unfunded Plan . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Plan shall be unfunded and shall not create (or be construed to create) a trust or a separate fund or funds. The Plan shall not establish any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant or other person. To the extent any person holds any rights by virtue of a Performance Grant granted under the Plan, such rights (unless otherwise determined by the Committee) shall be no greater than the rights of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 9 

EXHIBIT A 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 2023 PERFORMANCE GRANT PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE CRITERIA 

i 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 AMENDMENT TO 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 2023 PERFORMANCE GRANT PLAN 
 
 Notwithstanding any contrary terms of the 2023 Performance Grant Plan, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Robert M. Blue, shall not be eligible to receive the Performance Adder described in Section 6(a) with respect to his 2023 Performance Grant. 
 
 ii 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 d-ex10_26.htm
 EX-10.26

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.26 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 2023 GOAL-BASED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT, dated February 10, 2023, between Dominion Energy, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company and [Insert Name] Participant ), is made pursuant and subject to the provisions of the Dominion Energy, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan and any amendments thereto (the Plan ). All terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Plan have the same meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 1. Goal-Based Stock Award . Pursuant to the Plan, [Insert Number] shares of Goal-Based Stock Target Amount were awarded to the Participant on February 10, 2023 Date of Grant ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and subject further to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and Exhibit A attached hereto. Goal-Based Stock is Company Stock that will be issued if the Performance Goals set forth in Section 4 and Exhibit A for the Performance Period are fulfilled. The actual number of shares of Goal-Based Stock that may be issued may be from 0 to 200 of the Target Amount, depending on the achievement of the Performance Goals. The Performance Period for purposes of this Agreement is the period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025. 

2. Performance Achievement and Time of Goal-Based Stock Issuance . Upon the completion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the final achievement of the Performance Goals described in Section 4 and Exhibit A. The Company will then calculate the final number of Goal-Based Stock shares to be issued based on such Performance Goal achievement. Except as provided in Section 5(b) or 6, the appropriate number of Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued to the Participant at a time determined by the Committee, but not later than March 15, 2026. 

3. Forfeiture . Except as provided in Paragraphs 5 or 6, the Participant will forfeit any and all rights in the Goal-Based Stock if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company terminates for any reason before the end of the Performance Period. 

4. Performance Goals . Issuance of Goal-Based Stock shares will be based on the Performance Goal achievement of the Performance Criteria described in this Section 4 and the Performance Goal achievement of the Performance Criteria to be determined by the Committee and set forth in Exhibit A. 

a.	 Relative TSR Performance . Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Relative TSR Performance will determine fifty percent (50 of the Target Amount TSR Percentage ). Relative TSR Performance is defined in Section 4(b) below. The percentage of the TSR Percentage that will be paid out, if any, is based on the following table: 
 
 Relative 
 	TSR Performance				Percentage Payout 
 	 Percentile Ranking 				 of TSR Percentage 
 	85 th or above	200 
 	50 th 	100 
 	25 th 	 50 
 1 

Below 25 th	 0 
 
 To the extent that the Company s Relative TSR Performance ranks in a percentile between the 25 th and 85 th percentile in the table above, then the TSR Percentage payout will be interpolated between the corresponding TSR Percentage payout set forth above. In addition to the foregoing payments, and regardless of the Company s Relative TSR Performance, the following may be earned: (i) an additional payment of 25 of the TSR Percentage will be made if the Company s Price-Earnings Ratio (as defined in Section 4(c) below) is at or above the 50 th percentile and below the top third of the group of companies (inclusive of the Company) used to measure Relative TSR Performance in accordance with Section 4(b), or (ii) an additional payment of 50 of the TSR Percentage will be made if the Company s Price-Earnings Ratio is at or above the top third of the group of companies (inclusive of the Company) used to measure Relative TSR Performance in accordance with Section 4(b) (the Performance Adder ). The Committee may reduce or eliminate payment of the Performance Adder in its sole discretion. 
 
 The overall percentage payment under the entire Award may not exceed 200 of the Target Amount. 
 
 b.	 Determination of Relative TSR Performance . Relative TSR Performance will be measured based on where the Company s total shareholder return during the Performance Period ranks in relation to the total shareholder returns of the companies that are members of the Company s compensation peer group as of the Date of Grant as set forth below (the Comparison Companies ): 
 
 Ameren Corporation 				Exelon Corporation 
 American Electric Power Company 		FirstEnergy Corporation 
 CenterPoint Energy				NextEra Energy 
 CMS Energy Corporation 			NiSource Incorporated 
 Consolidated Edison Company		Public Service Enterprise Group 
 Duke Energy Corporation 			Southern Company 
 Edison International				WEC Energy Group 
 Entergy Corporation 				Xcel Energy 
 Eversource Energy 				 

The Comparison Companies shall be adjusted during the Performance Period as follows: 
 
 (i) 	In the event of a merger, acquisition or business combination transaction of a Comparison Company with or by another Comparison Company, effective upon the public announcement of the transaction, the surviving entity shall remain a Comparison Company and the non-surviving entity shall cease to be a Comparison Company (provided that, if the proposed transaction is subsequently terminated before the Relative TSR Performance is calculated, then the non-surviving company shall be retroactively reinstated as a Comparison Company); 
 
 (ii) If it is publicly announced that a Comparison Company will be acquired by another company that is not a Comparison Company, or in the event a 
 2 

going private transaction is publicly announced where the Comparison Company will not be the surviving entity or will otherwise no longer be publicly traded, the company shall cease to be a Comparison Company as of the date such announcement is made (provided that, if the proposed transaction is subsequently terminated before the Relative TSR Performance is calculated, then the company shall be retroactively reinstated as a Comparison Company); 
 
 (iii) 	In the event of a spinoff, divestiture, or sale of a substantial portion of assets of a Comparison Company, the Comparison Company shall no longer be a Comparison Company if the company s reported revenue (in its GAAP accounts) for the four most recently reported quarters ending on or before the last day of the Performance Period falls below 40 of Dominion Energy s reported revenue (in its GAAP accounts) for the four most recently reported quarters on or before the last day of the Performance Period; and 
 
 (iv) 	In the event of a bankruptcy of a Comparison Company, such company shall remain a Comparison Company and its stock price will continue to be tracked for purposes of Relative TSR Performance. If the company liquidates, it will remain a Comparison Company and its stock price will be reduced to zero for the remaining Performance Period. 
 
 Total shareholder return consists of the difference between the value of a share of common stock at the beginning (the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the first 20 trading days of the Performance Period) and end (the VWAP of the last 20 trading days of the Performance Period), plus the value of gross dividends paid as if reinvested in stock and other appropriate adjustments for such events as stock splits. For purposes of Relative TSR Performance, the total shareholder return of the Company and the Comparison Companies will be calculated using data from Bloomberg or another comparable source. As soon as practicable after the completion of the Performance Period, the total shareholder returns of the Comparison Companies will be calculated and ranked from highest to lowest by the Committee. The Company s total shareholder return will then be ranked in terms of which percentile it would have placed in among the Comparison Companies. 
 
 	c.	 Price-Earnings Ratio . Price-Earnings Ratio for the Company and each of the Comparison Companies means the forward price-earnings ratio (i.e. the share price on the last day of the Performance Period divided by the expected earnings per share for the year following the end of the Performance Period) reported as of the last day of the Performance Period as sourced from FactSet or such other financial data provider as the Committee may determine. The expected earnings per share will be the mean of relevant analyst recommendations. Price-Earnings Ratio performance will be measured based on where the Company s Price-Earnings Ratio ranks in relation to the Price-Earnings Ratios of the Comparison Companies. As soon as practicable after the completion of the Performance Period, the Price-Earnings Ratios of the Comparison Companies will be determined and ranked from highest to lowest by the Committee. The Company s Price-Earnings Ratio will then be ranked in terms of which percentile it placed in among the Comparison Companies. 
 3 

5.	 Retirement, Involuntary Termination without Cause, Death or Disability . 
 
 a.	 Retirement or Involuntary Termination without Cause . Except as provided in Section 6, if the Participant Retires (as such term is defined in Section 9(b) below) during the Performance Period or if the Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company) during the Performance Period and the Participant would have been eligible for a payment if the Participant had remained employed until the end of the Performance Period, the Participant will receive a pro-rated payout of the Participant s Goal-Based Stock Award equal to the number of Goal-Based Stock shares the Participant would have received had the Participant remained employed until the end of the Performance Period, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s Retirement or termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the last day of the Performance Period. Shares will be issued after the end of the Performance Period at the time provided in Section 2 based on the Performance Goal achievement approved by the Committee. If the Participant Retires, however, no shares will be issued if the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. Any potential shares of Goal-Based Stock not issued in accordance with the terms of this Paragraph 5(a) will be forfeited. 
 
 b.	 Death or Disability . If, while employed by the Company or a Dominion Company, a Participant dies or becomes Disabled (as defined in Section 9(b) below) during the Performance Period, a number of Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued to the Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary equal to the product of (i) and (ii) where: 
 
 (i)	is the number of shares that would be issued based on the predicted performance used for determining the compensation cost recognized by the Company for this Goal-Based Stock Award for the latest financial statement filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q immediately prior to the event; and 
 
 (ii)	is a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s death or Disability, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 4 

Any potential shares of Goal-Based Stock not issued in accordance with the terms of this Section 5(b) will be forfeited. Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued as soon as administratively feasible (and in any event within sixty (60) days) after the date of the Participant s death or Disability. 
 
 6.	 Qualifying Change of Control . Upon a Qualifying Change of Control prior to the end of the Performance Period, provided the Participant has remained continuously employed with the Company or a Dominion Company from the Date of Grant to the date of the Qualifying Change of Control, a number of the Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued to the Participant equal to the greater of (i) the Target Amount or (ii) the number of shares that would be issued at the end of the Performance Period if the predicted performance used for determining the compensation cost recognized by the Company for this Award for the latest financial statement filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q immediately prior to the Qualifying Change of Control was the actual performance for the Performance Period (in either case, the COC Payout Amount ). The Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued on or as soon as administratively feasible (but in any event within sixty (60) days) following the Qualifying Change of Control date. If a Qualifying Change of Control occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period and after a Participant has Retired or been involuntarily terminated without Cause pursuant to Section 5(a) above, then the Participant will receive a pro-rated payout of the Participant s Goal-Based Stock Award, equal to the COC Payout Amount multiplied by the fraction set forth in Section 5(a) above, with shares being issued on or as soon as administratively feasible (but in any event within sixty (60) days) after the Qualifying Change of Control date. Any potential shares of Goal-Based Stock not issued in accordance with the terms of this Section 6 will be forfeited. 
 
 7.	 Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company is terminated for Cause (as defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company), the Participant will forfeit all rights to Goal-Based Stock shares awarded pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 8.	 Clawback of Award Payment . 
 
 a. 	 Restatement of Financial Statements . If the Company s financial statements are required to be restated at any time within a two (2) year period following the end of the Performance Period as a result of fraud or intentional misconduct, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the restatement, direct the Company to recover all or a portion of the issued (vested) shares from the Participant if the Participant s conduct directly caused or partially caused the need for the restatement. 
 
 b.	 Fraudulent or Intentional Misconduct . If the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in fraudulent or intentional misconduct related to or materially affecting the Company s business operations or the Participant s duties at the Company, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the misconduct, direct the Company to withhold issuance of all or a portion of the Goal-Based Stock shares granted pursuant to this Agreement, or if shares have been issued, to recover all or a portion of the shares from the Participant. 
 5 

c.	 Recovery of Payout . The Company reserves the right to recover a Goal-Based Stock Award payout pursuant to this Section 8 by (i) seeking recovery of the vested shares from the Participant; (ii) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the Participant under another Company benefit plan or compensation program to the extent permitted by applicable law; (iii) withholding future annual and long-term incentive awards or salary increases; or (iv) taking any combination of these actions. 
 
 d.	 No Limitation on Remedies . The Company s right to recover Goal-Based or issued shares pursuant to this Section 8 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, actions the Company may take to remedy or discipline a Participant s misconduct including, but not limited to, termination of employment or initiation of a legal action for breach of fiduciary duty. 
 
 e.	 Subject to Future Rulemaking . The Goal-Based Stock granted under this Agreement is subject to any clawback policies the Company may adopt in order to conform to the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and resulting rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or national securities exchanges thereunder and that the Company determines should apply to this Agreement. 
 
 9.	 Terms and Conditions . 
 
 a. Nontransferability; No Shareholder Rights . Except as provided in Section 5, this award of Goal-Based Stock is not transferable and is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until the end of the Performance Period. A Participant shall have not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to the shares of Goal-Based Stock that may be issued under this Agreement unless and until such shares have actually been issued to the Participant after the end of the Performance Period as provided herein. 

b. Certain Definitions. 

(i)	 Retirement . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Retire or Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment on a date when the Participant is eligible for early or normal retirement benefits under the terms of the Company Pension Plan (as defined below), or would be eligible if any crediting of deemed additional years of age or service applicable to the Participant under a supplemental retirement plan of the Company was applied under the Company Pension Plan, as in effect at the time of the determination, or, for a Participant who is not eligible to participate in a Company Pension Plan, a voluntary termination of employment on or after age 55, unless (in each case) the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s retirement is detrimental to the Company. 
 6 

Company Pension Plan means the applicable pension plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, in which the Participant is eligible to participate as of the Date of Grant, which may include either the Dominion Energy Pension Plan or the SCANA Corporation Retirement Plan or any successor thereto, but excluding the cash balance portion of any such plan. 
 
 (ii)	 Disabled or Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Disabled or Disability means a disability as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4). The Committee will determine whether or not a Disability exists and its determination will be conclusive and binding on the Participant. 
 
 c. Delivery of Shares . 

(i)	 Share Delivery . Within the applicable time periods after the end of the Performance Period or after the occurrence of an event described in Sections 5 or 6 as described above, the Company will deliver to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s Beneficiary) the appropriate number of shares of Company Stock. 
 
 (ii)	 Withholding of Taxes . No Company Stock will be delivered until the Participant (or the Participant s Beneficiary) has paid to the Company the amount that must be withheld under federal, state and local income and employment tax laws (the Applicable Withholding Taxes or the Participant and the Company have made satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such taxes. Unless the Participant makes an alternative election, the Company will retain the number of shares of Goal-Based Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) required to satisfy the Applicable Withholding Taxes. As an alternative to the Company retaining shares, the Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary may elect to (i) deliver Mature Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value) or (ii) make a cash payment to satisfy Applicable Withholding Taxes. 
 
 d. Fractional Shares . Fractional shares of Company Stock will not be issued. 

e. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor will it interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Participant's employment at any time. 

f. Change in Capital Structure . The number and fair market value of shares of Goal-Based Stock awarded by this Agreement will be automatically adjusted as provided in Section 18(a) of the Plan if the Company has a change in capital structure. 

7 

g. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, other than its choice of law provisions. 

h. Conflicts . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

i. Participant Bound by Plan . By accepting this Agreement, Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the prospectus and Plan document accessible on the Company Intranet and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions thereof. 

j. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the legatees, distributees, and personal representatives of the Participant and the successors of the Company. 

k.	 Performance Goal Adjustments . Pursuant to Section 10(c) of the Plan, the Committee may at any time, in its sole discretion, make any adjustments to the performance goals set forth in this award or in Exhibit A, or to the calculation of the Company s financial or other results for the Performance Period or any portion thereof, or may reduce or increase any applicable Percentage Payouts, in order to reflect any unusual or infrequent events, such as or relating to new legislation, regulatory orders/outcomes, asset write-offs, weather, storms, supply chain disruptions, commodity prices, or mergers, acquisitions or dispositions involving the Company, that were not contemplated at the time of grant. 
 
 l.	 Deferred Payouts . If a Participant who has become entitled to a payout of their Goal-Based Stock award has previously elected to defer receipt of all or a portion of the shares of Goal-Based Stock under the Dominion Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Deferred Compensation Plan ), then, in lieu of issuing shares to the Participant as otherwise described in this Agreement, the shares of Goal-Based Stock (or applicable portion thereof) will be credited to the Participant s book-entry account under the Deferred Compensation Plan as of the date such shares would otherwise have been issued to the Participant. 
 
 m.	 Section 409A . This Agreement and the Goal-Based Stock award arrangement described herein is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code Section 409A ), and shall be interpreted to the maximum extent possible in accordance with such intent. To the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, no payment will be made earlier than six months after a Participant s termination of employment other than for death if the Award is subject to Code Section 409A and the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)). 

8 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 2023 GOAL-BASED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 PERFORMANCE CRITERIA 

i 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 d-ex10_27.htm
 EX-10.27

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.27 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 

PARTICIPANT First_Name Last_Name 
 DATE OF GRANT February 10, 2023 
 NUMBER OF SHARES OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANTED ##,### 

PERSONNEL NUMBER ##### 
 VESTING DATE February 1, 2026 
 VESTING SCHEDULE Vesting Date Percentage February 1, 2026 100 

THIS AGREEMENT, effective as of the Date of Grant shown above, between Dominion Energy, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company and the Participant named above is made pursuant and subject to the provisions of the Dominion Energy, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan and any amendments thereto (the Plan ). All terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Plan have the same meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 1. Award of Stock . Pursuant to the Plan, the Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Granted shown above (the Restricted Stock were awarded to the Participant on the Date of Grant shown above, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and subject further to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

2. Vesting . Except as provided in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 6, one hundred percent (100 of the shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Agreement will vest on the Vesting Date shown above. 

3. Forfeiture . Except as provided in Sections 4 or 5, the Participant will forfeit any and all rights in the Restricted Stock if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company terminates for any reason prior to the Vesting Date. 

4. Death, Disability, Retirement or Involuntary Termination without Cause . Except as provided in Section 5, if the Participant terminates employment due to death, Disability, or Retirement (as such term is defined in Section 8(e)) before the Vesting Date or if the Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company) before the Vesting Date, the Participant will become vested in the number of shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Agreement multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the 

1 

number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the Vesting Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share. If the Participant Retires, however, the Participant s Restricted Stock will not vest if the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. The vesting will occur on the date of the Participant s termination of employment due to death, Disability, Retirement, or termination by the Company without Cause. Any shares of Restricted Stock that do not vest in accordance with this Section 4 will be forfeited. 

5. Change of Control . Upon a Change of Control prior to the Vesting Date, provided the Participant has remained continuously employed with the Company or a Dominion Company from the Date of Grant to the date of the Change of Control, the Participant s rights in the Restricted Stock will become vested as follows: 

a. A portion of the Restricted Stock will be immediately vested equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Agreement multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the Change of Control date, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the Vesting Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

b. Unless previously forfeited, the remaining shares of Restricted Stock will become vested after a Change of Control at the earliest of the following events and in accordance with the terms described in subsections (i) through (iii) below: 

(i) Vesting Date . All remaining shares of Restricted Stock will become vested on the Vesting Date. 

(ii) Death, Disability or Retirement . If the Participant terminates employment due to death, Disability or Retirement (as defined in Section 8(e)) before the Vesting Date, the Participant will become vested in the remaining shares of Restricted Stock multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the month in which the Change of Control occurs to the first day of the month coinciding with or immediately following the Participant s termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the month in which the Change of Control occurs to the Vesting Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share. If the 

2 

Participant Retires, however, the Participant s Restricted Stock will not vest if the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. The vesting will occur on the date of the Participant s termination of employment due to death, Disability, or Retirement. Any shares of the Restricted Stock that do not vest in accordance with the terms of this subsection (ii) will be forfeited. 

(iii) Involuntary Termination without Cause . All remaining shares of Restricted Stock will become vested upon the Participant s involuntary termination by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause before the Vesting Date, or upon the Participant s Constructive Termination before the Vesting Date, as such terms are defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company. 

6. Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company is terminated for Cause (as defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company), the Participant will forfeit all Restricted Stock shares awarded pursuant to this Agreement. 

7. Clawback of Award Payment . 

a. Restatement of Financial Statements . If the Company s financial statements are required to be restated at any time within a two (2) year period following the Vesting Date as a result of fraud or intentional misconduct, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the restatement, direct the Company to withhold issuance of all or a portion of the shares granted pursuant to this Agreement, or if shares have been issued, to recover all or a portion of the shares from the Participant if the Participant s conduct directly caused or partially caused the need for the restatement. 

b. Fraudulent or Intentional Misconduct . If the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in fraudulent or intentional misconduct related to or materially affecting the Company s business operations or the Participant s duties at the Company, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the misconduct, direct the Company to withhold issuance of all or a portion of the shares granted pursuant to this Agreement, or if shares have been issued, to recover all or a portion of the shares from the Participant. 

3 

c. Recovery of Payout . The Company reserves the right to recover a Restricted Stock Award payout pursuant to this Section 7 by (i) seeking recovery of the vested shares from the Participant; (ii) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the Participant under another Company benefit plan or compensation program to the extent permitted by applicable law; (iii) withholding future annual and long-term incentive awards or salary increases; or (iv) taking any combination of these actions. 

d. No Limitation on Remedies . The Company s right to recover Restricted Stock or issued shares pursuant to this Section 7 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, actions the Company may take to remedy or discipline a Participant s misconduct including, but not limited to, termination of employment or initiation of a legal action for breach of fiduciary duty. 

e. Subject to Future Rulemaking . The Restricted Stock granted under this Agreement is subject to any claw back policies the Company may adopt in order to conform to the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and resulting rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or national securities exchanges thereunder and that the Company determines should apply to said Restricted Stock. 

8 .	 Terms and Conditions . 
 
 a. Nontransferability . Except as provided in Sections 4 and 5, the shares of Restricted Stock are not transferable and are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until the Vesting Date. 

b. Uncertificated Shares; Power of Attorney . The Company may issue the Restricted Shares in uncertificated form. Such uncertificated shares shall be credited to a book entry account maintained by the Company (or its transfer agent) on behalf of the Participant. As a condition of accepting this award, the Participant hereby irrevocably appoints Dominion Energy Services, Inc., or its successor, as the Participant s attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, to transfer (or provide instructions to the Company s transfer agent to transfer) such shares on the Company s books. 

c. Custody of Share Certificates; Stock Power . The Company will retain custody of any share certificates for the Restricted Stock that may be issued until such shares vest or are forfeited. If share certificates are issued, the Participant shall execute and deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, to Dominion Energy Services, Inc., with respect to such shares. 

4 

d. Shareholder Rights . The Participant will have the right to receive dividends and will have the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock awarded under Section 1, both vested and unvested. 

e. Retirement . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Retire or Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment on a date when the Participant is eligible for early or normal retirement benefits under the terms of the Company Pension Plan (as defined below), or would be eligible if any crediting of deemed additional years of age or service applicable to the Participant under a supplemental retirement plan of the Company was applied under the Company Pension Plan, as in effect at the time of the determination, or, for a Participant who is not eligible to participate in a Company Pension Plan, a voluntary termination of employment on or after age 55, unless (in each case) the Company s Chief Executive Officer in their sole discretion (or, if the Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee in its sole discretion) determines that the Participant s retirement is detrimental to the Company. Company Pension Plan means the applicable pension plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, in which the Participant is eligible to participate as of the Date of Grant, which may include either the Dominion Energy Pension Plan or the SCANA Corporation Retirement Plan or any successor thereto, but excluding the cash balance portion of any such plan. 

f. Delivery of Shares. 

(i) Share Delivery . On or as soon as administratively feasible after the Vesting Date or the date on which the shares of Restricted Stock have become vested due to the occurrence of an event described in Section 4 or 5, the Company will remove (or provide instructions to its transfer agents to remove) the transfer restrictions described herein, and (if any share certificate has been issued) shall deliver to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s Beneficiary) any such certificates free of the transfer restrictions described herein. The Company will also cancel any stock power covering such shares. 

(ii) Withholding of Taxes . No Company Stock will be delivered until the Participant (or the Participant s Beneficiary) has paid to the Company the amount that must be withheld under federal, state and local income and employment tax laws (the Applicable Withholding Taxes or the Participant and the Company have made satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such taxes. Unless the Participant makes an alternative election, the Company will retain the number of shares of Restricted Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) required to satisfy the Applicable Withholding 

5 

Taxes. As an alternative to the Company retaining shares, the Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary may elect to (i) deliver Mature Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value) or (ii) make a cash payment to satisfy Applicable Withholding Taxes. 

g. Fractional Shares . Fractional shares of Company Stock will not be issued. 

h. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or a Dominion Company, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or a Dominion Company to terminate the Participant's employment at any time. 

i. Change in Capital Structure . The number and fair market value of shares of Restricted Stock awarded by this Agreement shall be automatically adjusted as provided in Section 18(a) of the Plan if the Company has a change in capital structure. 

j. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, other than its choice of law provisions. 

k. Conflicts . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 

l. Participant Bound by Plan . By accepting this Agreement, Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the prospectus and Plan document accessible on the Company Intranet and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions thereof. 

m. Deferred Shares . If the Participant previously elected to defer receipt of all or a portion of their Restricted Stock award pursuant to the Dominion Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ), then in lieu of receiving shares of Restricted Stock, the Participant will be credited on the Date of Grant with a number of shares of Company Stock to the Participant s book-entry account in the Deferred Compensation Plan equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock that he or she elected to defer. The shares credited to the Deferred Compensation Plan represent unfunded contractual rights to receive shares of Company Stock in the future, and no actual shares of Company Stock shall be issued to the Participant unless and until the Participant becomes entitled to receive a distribution of such shares under the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan. Any shares credited to the Deferred Compensation Plan shall remain subject to the vesting terms and all other applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, in addition to being subject to the terms and conditions of the Deferred 

6 

Compensation Plan. A Participant shall not have any voting rights with respect to shares credited to the Deferred Compensation Plan, but shall continue to be eligible to receive amounts equivalent to the dividends that would have been payable with respect to such shares, had they been issued and outstanding, which amounts shall also be credited to the Participant s book-entry account in the Deferred Compensation Plan. All references to Restricted Stock throughout this Agreement shall include any shares of Company Stock so credited to the Deferred Compensation Plan, unless context otherwise demands. 

n. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the legatees, distributees, and personal representatives of the Participant and any successors of the Company. 

7 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 d-ex10_28.htm
 EX-10.28

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.28 
 DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 2023 GOAL-BASED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT, dated February 10, 2023, between Dominion Energy, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company and Robert M. Blue Participant ), is made pursuant and subject to the provisions of the Dominion Energy, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan and any amendments thereto (the Plan ). All terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Plan have the same meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 1. Goal-Based Stock Award . Pursuant to the Plan, [Insert Number] shares of Goal-Based Stock Target Amount were awarded to the Participant on February 10, 2023 Date of Grant ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and subject further to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Goal-Based Stock is Company Stock that will be issued if the Performance Goals set forth in Section 4 for the Performance Period are fulfilled. The actual number of shares of Goal-Based Stock that may be issued may be from 0 to 125 of the Target Amount, depending on the achievement of the Performance Goals. The Performance Period for purposes of this Agreement is the period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025. 

2. Performance Achievement and Time of Goal-Based Stock Issuance . Upon the completion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the final achievement of the Performance Goals described in Section 4. The Company will then calculate the final number of Goal-Based Stock shares to be issued based on such Performance Goal achievement. Except as provided in Section 5(b) or 6, the appropriate number of Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued to the Participant at a time determined by the Committee, but not later than March 15, 2026. 

3. Forfeiture . Except as provided in Paragraphs 5 or 6, the Participant will forfeit any and all rights in the Goal-Based Stock if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company terminates for any reason before the end of the Performance Period. 

4. Performance Goals . Issuance of Goal-Based Stock shares will be based on the Performance Goal achievement of the Performance Criteria described in this Section 4. 

a.	 Relative TSR Performance . Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Relative TSR Performance will determine one hundred percent (100 of the Target Amount TSR Percentage ). Relative TSR Performance is defined in Section 4(b) below. The percentage of the TSR Percentage that will be paid out, if any, is based on the following table: 
 
 Relative 
 	TSR Performance				Percentage Payout 
 	 Percentile Ranking 				 of TSR Percentage 
 	75 th or above	125 
 	65 th 	100 
 	Below 25 th	 0 
 
 To the extent that the Company s Relative TSR Performance ranks in a percentile between the 25 th and 75 th percentile in the table above, then the TSR Percentage payout will be interpolated between the corresponding TSR Percentage payout set forth above. 

The overall percentage payment under the entire Award may not exceed 125 of the Target Amount. 
 
 b.	 Determination of Relative TSR Performance . Relative TSR Performance will be measured based on where the Company s total shareholder return during the Performance Period ranks in relation to the total shareholder returns of the companies that are members of the Company s compensation peer group as of the Date of Grant as set forth below (the Comparison Companies ): 
 
 Ameren Corporation 				Exelon Corporation 
 American Electric Power Company 		FirstEnergy Corporation 
 CenterPoint Energy				NextEra Energy 
 CMS Energy Corporation 			NiSource Incorporated 
 Consolidated Edison Company		Public Service Enterprise Group 
 Duke Energy Corporation 			Southern Company 
 Edison International				WEC Energy Group 
 Entergy Corporation 				Xcel Energy 
 Eversource Energy 				 

The Comparison Companies shall be adjusted during the Performance Period as follows: 
 
 (i) 	In the event of a merger, acquisition or business combination transaction of a Comparison Company with or by another Comparison Company, effective upon the public announcement of the transaction, the surviving entity shall remain a Comparison Company and the non-surviving entity shall cease to be a Comparison Company (provided that, if the proposed transaction is subsequently terminated before the Relative TSR Performance is calculated, then the non-surviving company shall be retroactively reinstated as a Comparison Company); 
 
 (ii) If it is publicly announced that a Comparison Company will be acquired by another company that is not a Comparison Company, or in the event a going private transaction is publicly announced where the Comparison Company will not be the surviving entity or will otherwise no longer be publicly traded, the company shall cease to be a Comparison Company as of the date such announcement is made (provided that, if the proposed transaction is subsequently terminated before the Relative TSR Performance is calculated, then the company shall be retroactively reinstated as a Comparison Company); 
 
 (iii) 	In the event of a spinoff, divestiture, or sale of a substantial portion of assets of a Comparison Company, the Comparison Company shall no longer be a Comparison Company if the company s reported revenue (in its GAAP accounts) for the four most recently reported quarters ending on or before the last day of the Performance Period falls below 40 of Dominion Energy s reported revenue (in its GAAP accounts) for the four most recently reported quarters on or before the last day of the Performance Period; and 
 
 (iv) 	In the event of a bankruptcy of a Comparison Company, such company shall remain a Comparison Company and its stock price will continue to be 
 
 tracked for purposes of Relative TSR Performance. If the company liquidates, it will remain a Comparison Company and its stock price will be reduced to zero for the remaining Performance Period. 
 
 Total shareholder return consists of the difference between the value of a share of common stock at the beginning (the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the first 20 trading days of the Performance Period) and end (the VWAP of the last 20 trading days of the Performance Period), plus the value of gross dividends paid as if reinvested in stock and other appropriate adjustments for such events as stock splits. For purposes of Relative TSR Performance, the total shareholder return of the Company and the Comparison Companies will be calculated using data from Bloomberg or another comparable source. As soon as practicable after the completion of the Performance Period, the total shareholder returns of the Comparison Companies will be calculated and ranked from highest to lowest by the Committee. The Company s total shareholder return will then be ranked in terms of which percentile it would have placed in among the Comparison Companies. 

5.	 Retirement, Involuntary Termination without Cause, Death or Disability . 
 
 a.	 Retirement or Involuntary Termination without Cause . Except as provided in Section 6, if the Participant Retires (as such term is defined in Section 9(b) below) during the Performance Period or if the Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Dominion Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company) during the Performance Period and the Participant would have been eligible for a payment if the Participant had remained employed until the end of the Performance Period, the Participant will receive a pro-rated payout of the Participant s Goal-Based Stock Award equal to the number of Goal-Based Stock shares the Participant would have received had the Participant remained employed until the end of the Performance Period, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s Retirement or termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the last day of the Performance Period. Shares will be issued after the end of the Performance Period at the time provided in Section 2 based on the Performance Goal achievement approved by the Committee. If the Participant Retires, however, no shares will be issued if the Committee in its sole discretion determines that the Participant s Retirement is detrimental to the Company. Any potential shares of Goal-Based Stock not issued in accordance with the terms of this Paragraph 5(a) will be forfeited. 
 
 b.	 Death or Disability . If, while employed by the Company or a Dominion Company, a Participant dies or becomes Disabled (as defined in Section 9(b) below) during the Performance Period, a number of Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued to the Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary equal to the product of (i) and (ii) where: 
 
 (i)	is the number of shares that would be issued based on the predicted performance used for determining the compensation cost recognized by the Company for this Goal-Based Stock Award for the latest financial statement filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q immediately prior to the event; and 

(ii)	is a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately following the date of the Participant s death or Disability, and the denominator of which is the number of whole months from the first day of the calendar month coinciding with or immediately preceding the Date of Grant to the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 Any potential shares of Goal-Based Stock not issued in accordance with the terms of this Section 5(b) will be forfeited. Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued as soon as administratively feasible (and in any event within sixty (60) days) after the date of the Participant s death or Disability. 
 
 6.	 Qualifying Change of Control . Upon a Qualifying Change of Control prior to the end of the Performance Period, provided the Participant has remained continuously employed with the Company or a Dominion Company from the Date of Grant to the date of the Qualifying Change of Control, a number of the Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued to the Participant equal to the greater of (i) the Target Amount or (ii) the number of shares that would be issued at the end of the Performance Period if the predicted performance used for determining the compensation cost recognized by the Company for this Award for the latest financial statement filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q immediately prior to the Qualifying Change of Control was the actual performance for the Performance Period (in either case, the COC Payout Amount ). The Goal-Based Stock shares will be issued on or as soon as administratively feasible (but in any event within sixty (60) days) following the Qualifying Change of Control date. If a Qualifying Change of Control occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period and after a Participant has Retired or been involuntarily terminated without Cause pursuant to Section 5(a) above, then the Participant will receive a pro-rated payout of the Participant s Goal-Based Stock Award, equal to the COC Payout Amount multiplied by the fraction set forth in Section 5(a) above, with shares being issued on or as soon as administratively feasible (but in any event within sixty (60) days) after the Qualifying Change of Control date. Any potential shares of Goal-Based Stock not issued in accordance with the terms of this Section 6 will be forfeited. 
 
 7.	 Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant s employment with the Company or a Dominion Company is terminated for Cause (as defined by the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and the Company), the Participant will forfeit all rights to Goal-Based Stock shares awarded pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 8.	 Clawback of Award Payment . 
 
 a. 	 Restatement of Financial Statements . If the Company s financial statements are required to be restated at any time within a two (2) year period following the end of the Performance Period as a result of fraud or intentional misconduct, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the restatement, direct the Company to recover all or a portion of the issued (vested) shares from the Participant if the Participant s conduct directly caused or partially caused the need for the restatement. 
 
 b.	 Fraudulent or Intentional Misconduct . If the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in fraudulent or intentional misconduct related to or materially affecting the Company s business operations or the Participant s 
 
 duties at the Company, the Committee may, in its discretion, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the misconduct, direct the Company to withhold issuance of all or a portion of the Goal-Based Stock shares granted pursuant to this Agreement, or if shares have been issued, to recover all or a portion of the shares from the Participant. 
 
 c.	 Recovery of Payout . The Company reserves the right to recover a Goal-Based Stock Award payout pursuant to this Section 8 by (i) seeking recovery of the vested shares from the Participant; (ii) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the Participant under another Company benefit plan or compensation program to the extent permitted by applicable law; (iii) withholding future annual and long-term incentive awards or salary increases; or (iv) taking any combination of these actions. 
 
 d.	 No Limitation on Remedies . The Company s right to recover Goal-Based or issued shares pursuant to this Section 8 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, actions the Company may take to remedy or discipline a Participant s misconduct including, but not limited to, termination of employment or initiation of a legal action for breach of fiduciary duty. 
 
 e.	 Subject to Future Rulemaking . The Goal-Based Stock granted under this Agreement is subject to any clawback policies the Company may adopt in order to conform to the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and resulting rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or national securities exchanges thereunder and that the Company determines should apply to this Agreement. 
 
 9.	 Terms and Conditions . 
 
 a. Nontransferability; No Shareholder Rights . Except as provided in Section 5, this award of Goal-Based Stock is not transferable and is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until the end of the Performance Period. A Participant shall have not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to the shares of Goal-Based Stock that may be issued under this Agreement unless and until such shares have actually been issued to the Participant after the end of the Performance Period as provided herein. 

b. Certain Definitions. 

(i)	 Retirement . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Retire or Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment on a date when the Participant is eligible for early or normal retirement benefits under the terms of the Company Pension Plan (as defined below), or would be eligible if any crediting of deemed additional years of age or service applicable to the Participant under a supplemental retirement plan of the Company was applied under the Company Pension Plan, as in effect at the time of the determination, or, for a Participant who is not eligible to participate in a Company Pension Plan, a voluntary termination of employment on or after age 55, unless (in each case) the Committee in its sole discretion determines that the Participant s retirement is detrimental to the 
 
 Company. Company Pension Plan means the applicable pension plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, in which the Participant is eligible to participate as of the Date of Grant, which may include either the Dominion Energy Pension Plan or the SCANA Corporation Retirement Plan or any successor thereto, but excluding the cash balance portion of any such plan. 
 
 (ii)	 Disabled or Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Disabled or Disability means a disability as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4). The Committee will determine whether or not a Disability exists and its determination will be conclusive and binding on the Participant. 
 
 c. Delivery of Shares . 

(i)	 Share Delivery . Within the applicable time periods after the end of the Performance Period or after the occurrence of an event described in Sections 5 or 6 as described above, the Company will deliver to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s Beneficiary) the appropriate number of shares of Company Stock. 
 
 (ii)	 Withholding of Taxes . No Company Stock will be delivered until the Participant (or the Participant s Beneficiary) has paid to the Company the amount that must be withheld under federal, state and local income and employment tax laws (the Applicable Withholding Taxes or the Participant and the Company have made satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such taxes. Unless the Participant makes an alternative election, the Company will retain the number of shares of Goal-Based Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) required to satisfy the Applicable Withholding Taxes. As an alternative to the Company retaining shares, the Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary may elect to (i) deliver Mature Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value) or (ii) make a cash payment to satisfy Applicable Withholding Taxes. 
 
 d. Fractional Shares . Fractional shares of Company Stock will not be issued. 

e. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor will it interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Participant's employment at any time. 

f. Change in Capital Structure . The number and fair market value of shares of Goal-Based Stock awarded by this Agreement will be automatically adjusted as provided in Section 18(a) of the Plan if the Company has a change in capital structure. 

g. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, other than its choice of law provisions. 

h. Conflicts . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

i. Participant Bound by Plan . By accepting this Agreement, Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the prospectus and Plan document accessible on the Company Intranet and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions thereof. 

j. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the legatees, distributees, and personal representatives of the Participant and the successors of the Company. 

k.	 Deferred Payouts . If a Participant who has become entitled to a payout of their Goal-Based Stock award has previously elected to defer receipt of all or a portion of the shares of Goal-Based Stock under the Dominion Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Deferred Compensation Plan ), then, in lieu of issuing shares to the Participant as otherwise described in this Agreement, the shares of Goal-Based Stock (or applicable portion thereof) will be credited to the Participant s book-entry account under the Deferred Compensation Plan as of the date such shares would otherwise have been issued to the Participant. 
 
 l .	Section 409A. This Agreement and the Goal-Based Stock award arrangement described herein is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code Section 409A ), and shall be interpreted to the maximum extent possible in accordance with such intent. To the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, no payment will be made earlier than six months after a Participant s termination of employment other than for death if the Award is subject to Code Section 409A and the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)). 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 9
 d-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

As of December 31, 2022 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Name Under Which Business is Conducted 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. 

BrightSuite, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite, Inc. 

BrightSuite Home Solar, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite Home Solar, Inc. 

BrightSuite Home, LLC 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite Home, LLC 

BrightSuite Solar CT, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite Solar CT, Inc. 

ESCT-SA-Suffield, LLC 
 Connecticut 
 ESCT-SA-Suffield, LLC 

BrightSuite Solar SC, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite Solar SC, Inc. 

BrightSuite Solar VA, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite Solar VA, Inc. 

BrightSuite Solar Development, LLC 
 Virginia 
 BrightSuite Solar Development, LLC 

DE Arlington Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Arlington Solar, LLC 

DE Chesterfield Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Chesterfield Solar, LLC 

DE Fluvanna Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Fluvanna Solar, LLC 

DE Hanover Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Hanover Solar, LLC 

DE Henrico Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Henrico Solar, LLC 

DE King William Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE King William Solar, LLC 

DE Louisa Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Louisa Solar, LLC 

DE Newport News Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Newport News Solar, LLC 

DE Powhatan Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Powhatan Solar, LLC 

DE Virginia Beach Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE Virginia Beach Solar, LLC 

Tredegar Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Tredegar Solar, LLC 

Dominion Energy Marketplace, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Marketplace, LLC 

CNG Coal Company 
 Delaware 
 CNG Coal Company 

DE 700 Canal Place, LLC 
 Virginia 
 DE 700 Canal Place, LLC 

Dominion ACP Holding, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion ACP Holding, Inc. 

Dominion Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC 

Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC 

Dominion Alternative Energy Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Alternative Energy Holdings, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Technologies II, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Technologies II, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Technologies, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Technologies, Inc. 

Dominion Voltage, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Voltage, Inc. DVI 

Tredegar Solar Fund I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Tredegar Solar Fund I, LLC 

Dominion Capital, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Capital, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Fuel Services, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Fuel Services, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Payroll Company, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Payroll Company, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Questar Corporation 
 Utah 
 Dominion Energy Questar Corporation 

DECP Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 DECP Holdings, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Gas Distribution, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Gas Distribution, LLC 

The East Ohio Gas Company 
 Ohio 
 Dominion Energy Ohio 

DEO Alternative Fuel, LLC 
 Ohio 
 DEO Alternative Fuel, LLC 

Dominion Energy Wexpro Services Company 
 Utah 
 Dominion Energy Wexpro Services Company 

Dominion Gas Projects Company, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Gas Projects Company, LLC 

Questar Gas Company 
 Utah 
 Dominion Energy Idaho Dominion Energy Utah Dominion Energy Wyoming 

Questar InfoComm, Inc. 
 Utah 
 Questar InfoComm, Inc. 

Wexpro Company 
 Utah 
 Wexpro Company 

Wexpro II Company 
 Utah 
 Wexpro II Company 

Wexpro Development Company 
 Utah 
 Wexpro Development Company 

Dominion Energy RNG Holdings II, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Energy RNG Holdings II, Inc. 

Clean Energy Asset USA LLC 
 Delaware 
 Clean Energy Asset USA LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG Colorado, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG Colorado, LLC 

CEA CO-Fort Morgan, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA CO-Fort Morgan, LLC 

CEA Greely, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Greely, LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG Georgia, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG Georgia, LLC 

CEA Americus, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Americus, LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG Idaho, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG Idaho, LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG Kansas, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG Kansas, LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG Nevada, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG Nevada, LLC 

CEA Mason, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Mason, LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG New Mexico, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG New Mexico, LLC 

CEA Clovis, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Clovis, LLC 

CEA Dairy RNG Texas, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA Dairy RNG Texas, LLC 

CEA TX-Dimmitt, LLC 
 Delaware 
 CEA TX-Dimmitt, LLC 

Clean Energy Asset USA I, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Clean Energy Asset USA I, Inc. 

Clean Energy 2023 Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Clean Energy 2023 Holdings, LLC 

Clean Energy 2024 Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Clean Energy 2024 Holdings, LLC 

Clean Energy 2025 Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Clean Energy 2025 Holdings, LLC 

Clean Energy Asset USA II, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Clean Energy Asset USA II, Inc. 

Dairy RNG Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Dairy RNG Holdings, LLC 

Dominion Energy RNG Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy RNG Holdings, Inc. 

Align RNG, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG, LLC 

Align RNG Arizona, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Arizona, LLC 

Align RNG Arizona-Snowflake, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Arizona-Snowflake, LLC 

Align RNG California, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG California, LLC 

Align RNG California-Corcoran, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG California-Corcoran, LLC 

Align RNG North Carolina, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align Renewable Natural Gas 

Align RNG Grady Road, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Grady Road, LLC 

Align RNG Magnolia, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Magnolia, LLC 

Align RNG North Carolina-Bowdens, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG North Carolina-Bowdens, LLC 

Align RNG Utah, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align Renewable Natural Gas 

Align RNG Utah-Milford, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Utah-Milford, LLC 

Align RNG Utah-Minersville, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Utah-Minersville, LLC 

Align RNG Virginia, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align Renewable Natural Gas 

Align RNG Virginia-Waverly, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Align RNG Virginia-Waverly, LLC 

Dominion Energy Services, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Services, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Technical Solutions, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Technical Solutions, Inc. 

Dominion Generation, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Generation, Inc. 

BOE Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 BOE Holdings, Inc. 

Blue Ocean Energy Marine, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Blue Ocean Energy Marine, LLC 

CNG Power Services Corporation 
 Delaware 
 CNG Power Services Corporation 

Dominion Cogen WV, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Cogen WV, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Birdseye Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Birdseye Holdings, Inc. 

Birdseye Renewable Energy, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Birdseye Renewable Energy, LLC 

Birdseye Holdings LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Birdseye Holdings LLC 

Angus Holdings LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Angus Holdings LLC 

Charolais Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Charolais Holdings, LLC 

Dillon RE Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Dillon RE Holdings, LLC 

Guernsey Holdings LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Guernsey Holdings LLC 

Hereford Holdings LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Hereford Holdings LLC 

Joanna Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Joanna Solar, LLC 

Millet Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Millet Holdings, LLC 

Rutabaga Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Rutabaga Holdings, LLC 

Simmental Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Simmental Holdings, LLC 

Sorghum Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Sorghum Holdings, LLC 

Yorkshire Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Yorkshire Holdings, LLC 

Birdseye Projects, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Birdseye Projects, LLC 

Bantam Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Bantam Holdings, LLC 

Bellflower Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Bellflower Holdings, LLC 

Brown Swiss Holdings II, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Brown Swiss Holdings II, LLC 

Canola Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Canola Holdings, LLC 

Chester White Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Chester White Holdings, LLC 

Chicory Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Chicory Holdings, LLC 

Collard Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Collard Holdings, LLC 

Cotswold Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Cotswold Holdings, LLC 

Devon Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Devon Holdings, LLC 

Dexter Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Dexter Holdings, LLC 

Dill Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Dill Holdings, LLC 

Dorset Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Dorset Holdings, LLC 

Endive Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Endive Holdings, LLC 

Energize Holdings III, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Energize Holdings III, LLC 

Flax Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Flax Holdings, LLC 

Gideon Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Gideon Solar, LLC 

Ginger Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Ginger Holdings, LLC 

Hodges Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Hodges Solar, LLC 

Hosta Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Hosta Holdings, LLC 

Kale Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Kale Holdings, LLC 

Leek Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Leek Holdings, LLC 

Leghorn Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Leghorn Holdings, LLC 

Lentil Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Lentil Holdings, LLC 

Okra Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Okra Holdings, LLC 

Power Path Holdings I, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Power Path Holdings I, LLC 

Power Path Holdings II, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Power Path Holdings II, LLC 

Power Path Holdings III, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Power Path Holdings III, LLC 

Quail Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Quail Holdings, LLC 

Safflower Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Safflower Holdings, LLC 

Shallot Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Shallot Holdings, LLC 

Silkie Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Silkie Holdings, LLC 

Strawberry Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Strawberry Holdings, LLC 

Sumac Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Sumac Holdings, LLC 

Watercress Holdings, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Watercress Holdings, LLC 

Dominion Energy Generation Marketing, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Energy Generation Marketing, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Nuclear Connecticut, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Energy Nuclear Connecticut, Inc. 

Dominion Energy Solar CA, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Energy Solar CA, LLC 

Dominion Energy Terminal Company, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Terminal Company, Inc. 

Dominion Equipment III, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Equipment III, Inc. 

Dominion Equipment, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Equipment, Inc. 

Dominion Fairless Hills, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Fairless Hills, Inc. 

Dominion Mt. Storm Wind, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Mt. Storm Wind, LLC 

Dominion Nuclear Projects, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Nuclear Projects, Inc. 

Dominion Person, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Person, Inc. 

Dominion Solar Projects III, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects III, Inc. 

Dominion Solar Projects VI, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects VI, Inc. 

Greensville County Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Greensville County Solar Project, LLC 

Sol Madison Solar, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Sol Madison Solar, LLC 

TWE Myrtle Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 TWE Myrtle Solar Project, LLC 

Dominion Solar Projects VII, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects VII, Inc. 

Atlanta Farms Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Atlanta Farms Solar Project, LLC 

Buckeye Plains II Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Buckeye Plains II Solar Project, LLC 

Buckeye Plains Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Buckeye Plains Solar Project, LLC 

Pickaway County II Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Pickaway County II Solar Project, LLC 

Pickaway County Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Pickaway County Solar Project, LLC 

Blackville Solar Farm, LLC 
 South Carolina 
 Blackville Solar Farm, LLC 

Denmark Solar, LLC 
 South Carolina 
 Denmark Solar, LLC 

Hardin Solar Energy LLC 
 Delaware 
 Hardin Solar Energy LLC 

Seabrook Solar, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Seabrook Solar, LLC 

Trask East Solar, LLC 
 South Carolina 
 Trask East Solar, LLC 

Wilkinson Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 Wilkinson Solar LLC 

Yemassee Solar, LLC 
 South Carolina 
 Yemassee Solar, LLC 

Dominion Solar Services, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Services, Inc. 

Dominion State Line, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Dominion State Line, LLC 

Dominion Wholesale, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Wholesale, Inc. 

Dominion Wind Projects, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Wind Projects, Inc. 

Dominion Fowler Ridge Wind, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Fowler Ridge Wind, LLC 

Dominion Wind Development, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Wind Development, LLC 

Prairie Fork Wind Farm, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Prairie Fork Wind Farm, LLC 

Eagle Holdco Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Eagle Holdco Solar, LLC 

Eagle Solar, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Eagle Solar, LLC 

Dominion Solar Projects C, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects C, Inc. 

Dominion Solar Holdings IV, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Holdings IV, LLC 

96WI 8ME LLC 
 Delaware 
 96WI 8ME LLC 

Clipperton Holdings LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Clipperton Holdings LLC 

Fremont Farm, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Fremont Farm, LLC 

Innovative Solar 37, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Innovative Solar 37, LLC 

Moffett Solar 1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Moffett Solar 1, LLC 

Moorings Farm 2, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Moorings Farm 2, LLC 

Mustang Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Mustang Solar, LLC 

Pikeville Farm, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Pikeville Farm, LLC 

Ridgeland Solar Farm I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Ridgeland Solar Farm I, LLC 

Siler Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Siler Solar, LLC 

Wakefield Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Wakefield Solar, LLC 

Dominion Solar Projects D, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects D, Inc. 

Dominion Solar Projects IV, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects IV, Inc. 

Eastern Shore Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 Eastern Shore Solar LLC 

Hecate Energy Cherrydale LLC 
 Delaware 
 Hecate Energy Cherrydale LLC 

Hecate Energy Clarke County LLC 
 Delaware 
 Hecate Energy Clarke County LLC 

Southampton Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 Southampton Solar LLC 

Virginia Solar 2017 Projects LLC 
 Delaware 
 Virginia Solar 2017 Projects LLC 

Buckingham Solar I LLC 
 Delaware 
 Buckingham Solar I LLC 

Correctional Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 Correctional Solar LLC 

Scott-II Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 Scott-II Solar LLC 

Sussex Drive Solar Project, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Sussex Drive Solar Project, LLC 

Dominion Solar Projects V, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Solar Projects V, Inc. 

Summit Farms Solar, LLC 
 North Carolina 
 Summit Farms Solar, LLC 

Dominion Greenbrier, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Greenbrier, Inc. 

Greenbrier Pipeline Company, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Greenbrier Pipeline Company, LLC 

Greenbrier Marketing Company, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Greenbrier Marketing Company, LLC 

Dominion High Voltage Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion High Voltage Holdings, Inc. 

Dominion High Voltage MidAtlantic, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion High Voltage MidAtlantic, Inc. 

Dominion Investments, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Investments, Inc. 

Dominion Keystone Pipeline Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Keystone Pipeline Holdings, Inc. 

Dominion Keystone Pipeline, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Keystone Pipeline, LLC 

Dominion MLP Holding Company III, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion MLP Holding Company III, Inc. 

Dominion Oklahoma Texas Exploration Production, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Oklahoma Texas Exploration Production, Inc. 

Dominion Privatization Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Holdings, Inc. 

Dominion Privatization Florida, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Florida, LLC 

Dominion Privatization Georgia, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Georgia, LLC 

Dominion Privatization Kentucky, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Kentucky, LLC 

Dominion Privatization Maryland, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Maryland, LLC 

Dominion Utility Privatization, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Utility Privatization, LLC 

Dominion Privatization Pennsylvania, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Pennsylvania, LLC 

Dominion Privatization South Carolina, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization South Carolina, LLC 

Dominion Privatization Texas, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Texas, LLC 

Dominion Privatization Virginia, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Privatization Virginia, LLC 

Dominion Products and Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Products and Services, Inc. 

Dominion Projects Services, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Projects Services, Inc. 

Dominion Resources Capital Trust III 
 Delaware 
 Dominion Resources Capital Trust III 

Dominion Retail Gas Holdings, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Retail Gas Holdings, Inc. 

SCANA Corporation 
 South Carolina 
 SCANA Corporation 

Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 South Carolina 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 

SRFI, LLC 
 South Carolina 
 SRFI, LLC 

Dominion Energy Southeast Services, Inc. 
 South Carolina 
 Dominion Energy Southeast Services, Inc. 

Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated 
 South Carolina 
 Dominion Energy North Carolina 

Clean Energy Enterprises, Inc. 
 North Carolina 
 Clean Energy Enterprises, Inc. 

PSNC Blue Ridge Corporation 
 North Carolina 
 PSNC Blue Ridge Corporation 

PSNC Cardinal Pipeline Company 
 North Carolina 
 PSNC Cardinal Pipeline Company 

SCANA Corporate Security Services, Inc. 
 South Carolina 
 SCANA Corporate Security Services, Inc. 

South Carolina Fuel Company, Inc. 
 South Carolina 
 South Carolina Fuel Company, Inc. 

South Carolina Generating Company, Inc. 
 South Carolina 
 South Carolina Generating Company, Inc. 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 
 Virginia 
 Dominion Energy Virginia Dominion Energy North Carolina 

Virginia Power Fuel Corporation 
 Virginia 
 Virginia Power Fuel Corporation 

Virginia Power Services, LLC 
 Virginia 
 Virginia Power Services, LLC 

Virginia Power Nuclear Services Company 
 Virginia 
 Virginia Power Nuclear Services Company 

Virginia Power Services Energy Corp., Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Virginia Power Services Energy Corp., Inc. 

VP Property, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 VP Property, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 10
 d-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-236825, 333-239467 and 333-249758 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement Nos. 333-09167, 333-18391, 333-85094, 333-87529, 333-95795, 333-110332, 333-124257, 333-143916, 333-149989, 333-163805, 333-189578, 333-189579, 333-195768, 333-202364, 333-202366, 333-226039, 333-257414 and 333-257415 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Dominion Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Dominion Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dominion Energy, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-239472 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Virginia Electric and Power Company (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy, Inc.) and subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virginia Electric and Power Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 11
 d-ex31_a.htm
 EX-31.A

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.a 
 I, Robert M. Blue, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dominion Energy, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Robert M. Blue 

Robert M. Blue President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 12
 d-ex31_b.htm
 EX-31.B

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.b 
 I, Steven D. Ridge, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dominion Energy, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Steven D. Ridge 

Steven D. Ridge Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 13
 d-ex31_c.htm
 EX-31.C

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.c 
 I, Robert M. Blue, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Virginia Electric and Power Company; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Robert M. Blue 

Robert M. Blue Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 14
 d-ex31_d.htm
 EX-31.D

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.d 
 I, Steven D. Ridge, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Virginia Electric and Power Company; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Steven D. Ridge 

Steven D. Ridge Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 15
 d-ex32_a.htm
 EX-32.A

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.a 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Dominion Energy, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 
 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), of the Company to which this certification is an exhibit fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)). 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and for the period then ended. 

/s/ Robert M. Blue 

Robert M. Blue 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

February 21, 2023 

/s/ Steven D. Ridge 

Steven D. Ridge 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 21, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 16
 d-ex32_b.htm
 EX-32.B

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.b 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Virginia Electric and Power Company (the Company ), certify that: 
 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), of the Company to which this certification is an exhibit fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)). 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and for the period then ended. 

/s/ Robert M. Blue 

Robert M. Blue 

Chief Executive Officer 

February 21, 2023 

/s/ Steven D. Ridge 

Steven D. Ridge 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 21, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 d-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 d-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 d-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 d-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 d-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

