<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1855509_0001731122-23-000505.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6118281</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>385937</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1135995</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1741217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1200234</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1484287</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000505.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329205212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000505
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Twin Vee PowerCats, Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHIP & BOAT BUILDING & REPAIRING [3730]
		IRS NUMBER:				271417610
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40623
		FILM NUMBER:		23776910

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3101 S. FEDERAL HIGHWAY
		CITY:			FT. PIERCE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34982
		BUSINESS PHONE:		772-429-2525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3101 S. FEDERAL HIGHWAY
		CITY:			FT. PIERCE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34982

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000505.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 e4543_10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___ to ___ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market,
 LLC 
 (The Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

1 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price
of a share of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter) as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market on such date was approximately . Shares of the registrant s common
stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such
persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the
registrant for any other purpose. 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

2 

TWIN VEE POWERCATS CO. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 48 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 51 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 59 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 59 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 60 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Dis closure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 60 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 67 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 79 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial
position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, 
 project, target, potential, will, would, could, should, 
 continue and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these identifying words. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are based on assumptions that we have made in light of our industry experience and our perceptions of historical
trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. As you
read and consider this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance
or results. They involve risks, uncertainties (many of which are beyond our control), and assumptions. Although we believe that these
forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual operating
and financial performance and cause our performance to differ materially from the performance anticipated in the forward-looking statements.
We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, those described under Risk Factors and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of these assumptions prove incorrect, our actual operating and financial performance may vary in material respects from
the performance projected in these forward-looking statements. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements. 

As a result of these and other factors, we may not
actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance
on our forward-looking statements. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

NOTE REGARDING COMPANY REFERENCES 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
 Annual Report ), Twin Vee, the Company, we and our refer to Twin
Vee PowerCats Co. 

4 

Summary Risk Factors 

The following
is a summary of the key risks relating to the Company. A more detailed description of each of the risks can be found below under the heading
the Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. 

General economic conditions, particularly
in the U.S., affect our industry, demand for our products and our business, and results of operations. 

Our ability to meet our manufacturing
workforce needs is crucial to our results of operations and future sales and profitability. 

There is limited public information on our operating history.

Our business is affected by interest rates and energy prices
affect product sales. 

Our annual and quarterly financial results are subject
to significant fluctuations depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

We depend on our network of independent dealers, face increasing
competition for dealers and have little control over their activities. 

Our success depends, in part, upon the financial health
of our dealers and their continued access to financing. 

Unfavorable weather conditions may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, especially during the peak boating season. 

A natural disaster, the effects of climate change, or disruptions
at our manufacturing facility could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we fail to manage our manufacturing levels while still
addressing the seasonal retail pattern for our products, our business and margins may suffer. 

We have a large, fixed cost base that will affect our profitability
if our sales decrease. 

We may be required to repurchase inventory of certain dealers.

Termination or interruption of informal supply arrangements
could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

We rely on one manufacturer
to supply our engines and do not have any long terms commitments from such manufacturer. 

Product liability, warranty, personal injury, property
damage and recall claims may materially affect our financial condition and damage our reputation. 

Significant product repair and/or replacement due to product
warranty claims or product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Demand in the powerboat industry is highly volatile. 

General economic conditions, particularly in the U.S.,
affect our industry, demand for our products and our business, and results of operations. 

Our industry is characterized by intense competition, which
affects our sales and profits. 

Our planned fully electric sport boat has not yet been
developed, and even if developed, an interest in it may not develop. 

5 

Forza s planned distribution model is different from
the predominant current distribution model for boat manufacturers, which subjects us to substantial risk and makes evaluating our
business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows difficult. 

Our ability to generate meaningful product revenue from
our electric-powered boats will depend on consumer adoption of electric boats. 

The capacity of the manufacturing
facility that Twin Vee and Forza utilize is not expected to be sufficient to support our future growth and business plans. 

The electronic vehicle (EV)
industry and its technology are rapidly evolving and may be subject to unforeseen changes, which could adversely affect the demand for
our boats or increase our operating costs. 

Forza X1 s patent applications
may not issue as patents, which may have a material adverse effect on its ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products
similar to its products. 

We may not be able to prevent
others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position . 

We have identified weaknesses
in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional material
weaknesses will not occur in the future. 

For as long as we are an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including those relating to accounting standards
and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies. 

Our common stock price may
be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the initial
public offering price. 

We have broad discretion in
the use of the net proceeds that we received from our initial public offering that closed in July 2021 and may not use them effectively.

Provisions in our corporate
charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

6 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

Twin Vee PowerCats Co. Twin Vee we ,
 us or the Company is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of recreational and commercial power catamaran
boats. We believe our company, founded in 1996, has been an innovator in the recreational and commercial power catamaran industry. Our
twin-hull catamaran running surface, known as a symmetrical catamaran hull design, adds to the Twin Vee ride quality by reducing drag,
increasing fuel efficiency and offering users a stable riding boat. Twin Vee s home base operations in Fort Pierce, Florida is a
7.5-acre facility with several buildings totaling over 75,000 square feet. We currently employ approximately 170 people. 

We have organized our business into three operating
segments: (i) our gas-powered boat segment, which manufactures and distributes gas-powered boats; (ii) our electric-powered boat segment,
which is developing fully electric boats, through our majority owned subsidiary, Forza X1, Inc., a Delaware corporation Forza and (iii) our franchise segment, which is developing a standard product offering and will be selling franchises across the United States
through our wholly owned subsidiary, Fix My Boat, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Initially Forza was also our wholly owned subsidiary that
became a majority owned subsidiary in August 2022, when Forza consummated the initial public offering of its shares of common stock, which
are now listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, resulting in our ownership of 67 of the outstanding common stock of Forza. 

Our gas-powered boats allow consumers to use them
for a wide range of recreational activities including fishing, diving and water skiing and commercial activities including transportation,
eco tours, fishing and diving expeditions. We believe that the performance, quality and value of our boats position us to achieve our
goal of increasing our market share and expanding the power catamaran boating market. We currently primarily sell our boats through a
current network of 20 independent boat dealers in 34 locations across North America and the Caribbean who resell our boats to the end
user Twin Vee customers. We continue recruiting efforts for high quality boat dealers and seek to establish new dealers and distributors
domestically and internationally to distribute our boats as we grow our production and introduce new models. Our gas-powered boats are
currently outfitted with gas-powered outboard combustion engines. 

Due to the growing demand for sustainable, environmentally
friendly electric and alternative fuel commercial and recreational vehicles, our majority owned subsidiary, Forza, is designing and developing
a line of electric-powered boats utilizing our electric vehicle EV technology to control and power our boats and
proprietary outboard electric motor. Forza s mission is to inspire the adoption of sustainable recreational boating by producing
stylish electric sport boats. 

Information about Twin Vee can be found on our website,
http://www.twinvee.com/. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and you should not consider
any information that is contained on or can be accessed through our website as part of this Annual Report. We are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Exchange Act requires us to file
periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains
a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 

Business of Our Segments 

Gas-powered Boats 

Our gas-powered boat segment, which accounted for
100 of our net revenue in the 2022 fiscal year and 99 of our net revenue in the 2021 fiscal year, is located in Fort Pierce, Florida.
We believe our company has been an innovator in the recreational and commercial power catamaran industry. We currently have 16 gas-powered
models in production ranging in size from our 24-foot, dual engine, center console to our 40-foot offshore 400 GFX. Our twin-hull catamaran
running surface, known as a symmetrical catamaran hull design, adds to the Twin Vee ride quality by reducing drag, increasing fuel efficiency
and offering users a stable riding boat. Our home base operations for our gas-powered boats is in Fort Pierce, Florida and is a 7.5-acre
facility with several buildings totaling over 75,000 square feet. We currently employ approximately 170 people. 

7 

During the 2022 fiscal year, we focused our efforts
on increased throughput through our facility, and fully integrating the new models that we introduced in 2021. In February 2023, we announced
our launch of our new LFG Marine, a new-monohull boat brand that will initially include a 22-inch center console monohull, a 25 inch dual
console, single-engine day boat, a 22 inch dual console monohull and a 25 inch deck boat, single engine. We delivered the first LFG Marine
boats in January of 2023. The LFG Marine brand is expected to appeal to first-time boat buyers, the freshwater market, and consumers that
prefer a monohull boat opening a significantly larger portion of the market share to Twin Vee. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, one individual dealers
 had sales of over 10 of our total sales, and one customer represented 12 of total sales.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, five individual customers had sales of over 10 of our total sales and combined these five customers
represented 67 of total sales. 

Twin Vee s Twin-Hull Shape 

Twin Vee catamaran boats are designed for a dry and
smooth ride. As a Twin Vee moves through the water, the boat s symmetrical catamaran hull has lifting strakes on the side of each
hull. Lifting strakes are known to produce lift at the bow of a boat by displacing water, allowing the
boat to, in essence, glide above the water rather than lumber through it. Twin Vee s lifting strakes work to not only create lift,
but also to make the ride smoother. The forward motion of a catamaran boat lifts water up towards the top of the tunnel while
pushing the water inward to form two counter-flowing vortexes. As these vortexes are being formed, the Twin Vee hull design aerates these
vortexes with small air bubbles, which are then compressed at an increasing rate as the vortexes move down the tunnel. It is the kinetic
energy stored in these compressed air bubbles, which creates \ a smooth and stable ride. As speed increases, the kinetic energy increases
at a non-linear rate as more and more air is induced into the increasingly faster flowing vortexes. The trailing surfaces the Twin Vee
hulls are specifically designed to facilitate propulsion efficiency by discharging the kinetic energy and air bubbles from the counter-flowing
vortexes upon exiting astern, thus providing the propellers with a steady flow of super clean and highly ordered water. 

This fact, combined with a catamaran s soft
ride, results in Twin Vee s renowned efficiency and smooth, seaworthy safety. At speed, the Twin Vee s displacement hull slices
through the water, traveling with the shape of the seas rather than flying over them and experiencing reentry shock. This results in a
stable and smooth ride. The following are some benefits of the catamaran, or Twin Vee s, hull shape. 

Power Catamaran Hull Benefits 

Catamaran stability. Catamarans have parallel hulls on the outer edges of the boat rather than in the middle, providing superior stability. Twin Vee hulls travel with the wave shapes because the buoyancy is to the outside, resisting the snap roll pendulum motion of deep vee monohulls. A Twin Vee wider footprint negates the effects of rolling seas, making them less likely to capsize and reduce seasickness. 

Shallow draft for travelling in skinny waters . The weight of the boat is distributed to two hulls for a shallower draft. The shallow draft of the Twin Vee design provides access to areas that conventional hulls cannot reach. With a Twin Vee, you can enjoy the beach and not have to wade in the water to get there. 

More usable deck space . The relatively rectangular design of the Twin Vee expanded deck area allows for more usable deck space than monohulls. Twin Vee boats are wider in the bows providing more open area in open models and bigger berths in cabins. Lounge in the front of a Twin Vee dual console and then jump into a similar-sized monohull. 

Single engine get home capability . Twin Vee catamaran hulls do not need planning speed power to travel rapidly on a single engine. Minimum bow rise for greater visibility, a Twin Vee deck is parallel to the water at all speeds allowing you to maintain your line of sight and giving you greater fuel efficiency. 

Docking and maneuverability . With the extra separation between the motors, over most mono hull boats, you can cross-clutch the motors and turn or spin the boat up to its own length. 

Maintains a plane at lower speed for fuel efficiency . The catamaran hull can maintain a plane at lower speeds and catamaran boats create less drag in turn offering better fuel efficiency and a more economical boat to maintain. 

Fish one side of a Twin Vee . Enjoy fishing without the extreme listing of a monohull. 

8 

Twin Vee s Mono-Hull 

We expect our new LFG Marine bring to appeal to first-time boat buyers, the
freshwater market and consumers that prefer a mono-hull boat. 

Franchise 

Our franchise segment is being developed and we plan
to utilize a franchise model for marine mechanics across the country through our wholly owned subsidiary, Fix My Boat, Inc. 

Electric-Powered Boats 

The mission of Forza is to inspire the adoption of
sustainable recreational boating by producing stylish electric sport boats. Forza is focused on the creation, implementation and sale
of electric boats utilizing our electric vehicle EV technology to control and power its boats and proprietary outboard
electric motor. Forza s electric boats are being designed as fully integrated electric boats including the hull, outboard motor
and control system. 

We believe traditional marine manufacturers are at
a crossroads and face significant industry-wide challenges. Much like in the automotive industry, the reliance on the gasoline-powered
internal combustion engine as the principal marine powertrain technology has raised environmental concerns, created dependence among industrialized
and developing nations on oil-primarily imported from foreign countries, exposed consumers to volatile fuel prices, and inhibited innovation
in alternative fuel powertrain technologies. 

Forza was initially our wholly owned subsidiary and
prior to Forza s incorporation on October 15, 2021, it operated as the Electra Power Sports Division of Twin Vee. Following
our initial public offering that closed on July 23, 2021, we determined in October 2021 that for several reasons that include, but are
not limited to, avoiding confusion in the marketplace between our legacy gas-powered line of boats, that the company would market its
new independent line of electric boats under a new brand name (and new subsidiary) separate and apart from us. Twin Vee and Forza X1 brands
are unique in their own way, including (i) the profile of the targeted Forza X1 customer who is environmentally conscious and would purchase
an electric boat versus gas-powered model, (ii) the marketing and sales strategy of each company, and (iii) Twin Vee s use of a
third-party dealer network whereas Forza X1 plans on implementing a digital direct to consumer model. In addition, electric powered boats
will require a specific and unique level of training and knowledge for supporting and servicing the technical and warranty claims that
might arise. The service and support of gas and electric powered boats are very different, and it became clear to us that Forza required
its own unique brand. 

To date, Forza has completed the designs of its first boat, the FX1. Unlike
the two prototypes developed by us, the FX1 model will not be a retrofitted Twin Vee catamaran hull with an electric propulsion system.
Instead, the FX1 model is being built based on an entirely new design that will incorporate the same control system as the second prototype.
Forza s initial two models, the FX1 Dual Console and FX1 Center Console, are being designed to be 25-foot in length, have an 8 
beam or width and utilize a catamaran hull surface to reduce drag and increase run times. To date, Forza has completed the design of the
25-foot FX dual console model, including hull, deck and small parts. We have completed the design of the 25-foot FX dual console model,
including hull, deck and small parts. This design has gone from an intellectual concept in CAD to fiberglass and foam plugs, fiberglass
molds and, finally, working boat parts in just over one year. The initial launch of FX1 will include Forza s proprietary single
electric outboard motor. Both FX1 models are being designed with advanced high-powered, liquid-cooled lithium battery packs that will
be provided by the third party supplier with whom we have entered into a five year supply agreement and a vehicle control unit with proprietary
control software all integrated into a 22-inch master control touch screen that will be used to control most functions of the boat. 

On October the 28 th , 2022, the running
surface of the boat and all major components were tested successfully for several hours on the Indian River Lagoon in Fort Pierce, Florida.
While the motor and control systems have been successfully trialed previously, this was the first voyage including all major components,
production batteries, fully functioning alpha engine design, control system - including 22 Garmin screen, and Osmosis
telematics unit. The performance of the boat exceeded all expectations and will provide a great baseline for improvements, iterations,
and design enhancements. We ultimately reached over thirty miles per hour. 

9 

Subsequent to the initial prototype boat, Forza has
built four more prototypes: two more FX-style catamarans, one deck boat and one 22-foot center console monohull. These prototypes have
been fully built out and were run in March of 2023. The engine design and lower units and the control system cabling have been revamped
and improved in each iteration. The monohull will feature a single battery and the deck boat will, like the FX, utilize a two-battery
system. The batteries and engines are liquid-cooled and unique improvements to the heat exchanges have improved performance. Forza has
now completed its telematics unit design and has a beta app on the Apple app store. This will allow for remote monitoring of all of the
parameters of the battery and engine for both the end user and the factory. Additionally, Forza has improved its user interface through
the Garmin control screen to provide well-designed pages showing operating characteristics and conformance to control parameters. 

Forza continues to anticipate revenues from the sale
of these fully integrated electric boats and motors to commence in late 2023. Forza will continue to build prototype engines and boats
for the next six to nine months. 

Forza has filed three design and four utility patent
applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office relating to, among other things, its propulsion system being developed and boat
design. 

Our Strategy 

Overall Strategy 

We intend to capitalize on the thriving broader marine
industry through the following strategies: 

Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Core
Market. As an innovator, designer, manufacturer, and marketer of catamaran powerboats, we strive to design new and inventive
products that appeal to a broad customer base. We intend to launch a number of new products and features with best-in-class quality, with
the goal of increasing sales and significant margin expansion. For example, w e currently have 8
gas-powered models in production ranging in size from our 24-foot, dual engine, center console to our newly designed 40-foot offshore
400 GFX. We designed our first monohull boat, a 22 foot, available in both center and dual consoles. This is the first boat in a line
of boats, that will be sold under our new LFG Marine brand. Furthermore, our unique new product development process enables us
to renew our product portfolio with innovative offerings at a rate that we believe will be difficult for our competitors to match without
significant additional capital investments. We intend to release new products and features multiple times during the year, which we believe
enhances our reputation as a cutting-edge boat manufacturer and will drive consumer interest in our products. 

Increase the Power Boat Category Segment. Our
near-term product development strategy is to expand our product line to reach underserved segments of the catamaran and monohull powerboat
category that are distinct from our traditional customer base. With our existing supplier relationships, material agreements, and manufacturing
processes, should allow us to offer this product line at an attractive price point for the consumer while sustaining our gross margins
and the product attributes critical to the Twin Vee brand. 

Capture Additional Share from Adjacent Boating
Categories. Another focus is to grow our market share is to enhance our ability to introduce new products with increased
versatility, functionality, and performance to a more expansive customer base that values boats for both water sports and general recreational
boating purposes. We intend to launch several marketing campaigns that will focus on new product launches and help to educate the market
on our value proposition to customers. 

Effectively Manage Dealer Inventory and Further
Strengthen Our Dealer Network . We view our dealers as our partners and product champions. Therefore, we will continue to devote
significant time and resources to finding high quality dealers and developing and improving their performance over time. We believe the
quality and trust in our dealer relationships are more beneficial to our long-term success than the quantity of dealers. We currently
have a network of 20 independent boat dealers in 34 locations across North America, the Caribbean and Central America. 

Increase Our Sales in International Markets .
We believe we have a brand that will have natural growth in international markets. Catamaran powerboats have already been accepted as
the norm in many international markets. For example, with catamaran powerboats currently being 5 of the US market, catamaran powerboats
make up over 30 , as of 2020, of the Bahamian market. Based on our brand and product offering, as well as out potential distribution strengths,
we believe we are well positioned to leverage our reputation and capture additional international sales. We believe that we will increase
our international sales by promoting our products in developed markets where we have a dealer base and in international markets where
rising consumer incomes are expected to increase demand for recreational products, such as Australia, Europe, Israel, Dubai and Brazil.
We are also developing new product offerings that will specifically target certain product demand from our international consumers and
that we believe will drive further sales growth in international markets. 

10 

EV/Forza Specific Strategy 

Forza plans to market and sell its model offerings
in a variety of ways. One way will be to operate in a fundamentally different manner and structure than traditional marine manufacturers
and boat dealers by adopting a direct-to-consumer sales and delivery model. Forza is building a dedicated web and app-based platform for
sales, deliveries, and service operations to change the traditional boat buying and marine service experience through technological innovation,
ease of use, and flexibility. Forza intends to employ an integrated, digital-first strategy that is convenient and transparent for our
customers and efficient and scalable to support its growth. Additionally, to support those looking for a more traditional way of purchasing
a boat, or to accompany trade-ins, financing needs, and training or in states where there are limitations on direct sales, Forza will
also market its boats through a partnership with OneWater Marine, Inc. OneWater ), one of the largest dealership networks
in the United States. Forza, believes its approach will enable us to provide the best of both worlds to prospective customers and support
its mission to electrify recreational boating for mass production. 

Currently, Forza s web and app-based platform
is expected to include the following: 

Build and Price Boats . The web and app platform will offer prospective buyers a place to examine photos and videos of our boats, which will all have a single price based on the model type and a few available options. For example, the consumer would have four gel coat exterior choices, three interior upholstery choices, and an option to increase the battery pack capacity for extended run times. Other options would include charging cords and plugs, boating items such as bumpers, covers, and fun add-ons like clothing, allowing consumers to personalize their Forza X1 purchase. 

Financing . Prospective customers will be able to apply for third-party consumer financing to complete or supplement their purchase through our web and app platform. 

Delivery . Once manufactured, the boat will be delivered directly to a customer s home, marina, or wherever they choose. The scheduling, communication, and support necessary for coordinating touchless delivery of Forza boats would all be accomplished over the website or app. 

Servicing . Forza intends to offer highly tailored and differentiated services that enable intuitive experiences throughout the entire customer lifecycle, such as warranty, repair, or other service assistance for their boats. Forza expects this all-inclusive approach will provide higher customer satisfaction, create strong brand loyalty, and increase operational efficiency while simultaneously allowing us to capture a more significant share of the entire lifecycle value of every Forza X1 boat produced. Forza anticipates having internal staff with the capability to provide an OTA update to resolve the issue remotely without the boat ever leaving the customer s sight. As part of its customer satisfaction drive, Forza plans for its staff to make mobile service calls to the boat docks. It also intends to enter into partnering arrangements with third parties to address service needs that require more than a mobile service visit and plans to arrange for the boat to be picked up and brought to one of our partnered service centers. If a service center is not available in a customer s area, for approved warranty repairs we will permit the owners to take their boat to their local service center who will then invoice us. 

Customer Service and Feedback . Forza will utilize customer insights and feedback submitted via its web and app-based platform to improve its offerings by adding new capabilities and functionality. Expanded offerings based on consumer-driven feedback and data is expected to attract more customers, deepen existing customer relationships, and allow Forza to innovate more quickly. 

Training . Forza intends to provide a series of videos that demonstrate our boats safe operation and upkeep. These videos would be accessible on Forza s web and app platform and the boat s onboard computer for quick access. 

With respect to the foregoing, Forza has not yet:
(i) entered into any arrangements with third parties to provide financing services through its web and app platform, or (ii) hired staff
for our intended support and service department. Forza is still in the initial stages of establishing its distribution and service plans.
It expects to commence selling to end-user customers by the end of 2023. Forza is currently in the process of identifying the states its
will be allowed to sell direct-to-consumer. For states that have do not allow such an arrangement, Forza intends to make sales through
OneWater Marine, Inc. s One Water locations. OneWater will be able to forecast how many FX1 boats they initially
require, and after production, we will have the boats transported to the dealerships. 

Similarly, Forza is in the process of identifying
potential marine service centers and technicians it would like to form strategic relationships with to ensure that it has a comprehensive
service support system in place when its FX1 boats are sold, it will utilize OneWater dealerships and service centers where they are available.
Forza will also work to establish its 500-mile radius mobile service vans and trucks before selling the first Forza X1 product so that
local customers will have that option. 

11 

The OneWater Agreement 

Additionally, to support
those looking for a more traditional way of purchasing a boat, or to accompany trade-ins, financing needs, and training, we will also
market our boats through a partnership with OneWater, one of the largest dealership networks in the United States. We believe our approach
will enable us to provide the best of both worlds to prospective customers and support our mission to electrify recreational boating.
On August 17, 2022, we entered into a five-year agreement with OneWater to establish our customer experience and service centers in OneWater s
current and future locations and other strategic locations across the United States pursuant to which OneWater will be the sole dealer
distributing our products and OneWater s retail locations may be used as potential delivery points for customers to pick up our
products. We retained the right to sell our products directly to customers. The agreement
may be terminated by either party for breach upon thirty days notice and without cause upon three months notice. 

Forza s Future Service Network 

Forza intends to develop a support and service department
that will include technicians, service representatives, quality control specialists and customer satisfaction agents. Moreover, it aims
to provide convenient and comprehensive service coverage in all markets where its boats are sold, which customers may access through a
comprehensive service and support website and app. 

The website and app platform will be the cornerstone
of Forza s services and repair program. Forza has selected a web design firm for the development of its website and app. Its goal
is to have the app completed by the second quarter of 2024. Forza s customers would be able to report through its app or interact
directly with its service support team to schedule an appointment with a Forza X1 mobile service van, perform remote diagnostics or help
arrange appointments with partnered boat repair technicians, marinas, and service centers with whom Forza has strategic relationships,
arrange for service or repair work, or even schedule the boat s transportation back to the Forza X1 factory if needed. 

Forza believes that Forza X1 mobile service vans and
trucks will be able to perform a majority of physical service calls at a customer s home, marina, dock, or wherever our boats might
be located, offering a level of convenience at lower cost than traditional dealer-owned service centers. These mobile service vans and
trucks will travel to the location of the electric boats for repair, or if the boat cannot be repaired at such location, then the Forza
technician will have a vehicle capable of towing the boat back to the Forza factory, where the boat will have access to a more significant
amount of repair and support staff. 

Forza believes that its electric vehicles will require
less service than gas vehicles because electric vehicles are simpler to maintain than internal combustion vehicles. The outboard motor
system is expected to be less susceptible to wear and tear by exchanging hundreds of moving parts for only a few. There are no spark plugs
or engine motor oil to change or worry about. 

Additionally, remote diagnostics will allow Forza
to find issues with customer boats remotely, in real time. In many cases, Forza s service team will be able to provide an OTA update
to resolve the issue without the customer s boat ever leaving the customer s sight. Forza s mission will be to make
the servicing of our products as simple as possible by connecting to and utilizing diagnostics technology in every Forza boat. Whether
a customer needs maintenance or needs repairs, we intend to provide convenient and comprehensive service and warranty coverage for its
customers throughout the country. 

Customers who lack Forza service access through its
network of mobile services vans and trucks will be able to utilize the traditional warranty claim process, which is standard throughout
the recreational boat industry. In Forza s case, a customer will contact Forza through its website or app and speak with its support
and service department and provide them with details about the issues they are experiencing with their boat. If over-the-air updates to
software or hardware are insufficient to solve the problems and FX1 customer experience and service center or mobile service van are not
within range of the customer, its support and service department will provide assistance. 

In the case of a covered warrantable issue, Forza s
support and service department will put them in contact with a local partnered boat repair service technicians or arrange transportation
of the boat to one of our partnered marinas and service centers. If none are available in a customer s area, our support and service
department would instruct the customer to obtain a quote for the covered warranty repair work and labor at a marine service center of
their choosing. They would transmit the quote for the necessary repair work to Forza s support and service department for approval.
Once approved, the work is completed on the covered warrantable repairs, and Forza will pay the marine service center directly. 

12 

There may be instances where the customer s
issue is too technical for a traditional marine service center (e.g., issues related to the EV components of the boat). In such cases,
Forza s support and service department would coordinate with the customer to have the boat picked up on a trailer and towed to our
manufacturing facility in Fort Pierce, Florida, for service. 

If a customer contacts Forza s support and service
department for maintenance or an issue not covered under warranty, then its support and service department would be able to coordinate
with them to arrange service with a mobile service van, partnered boat repair technician, or partnered marina or service center and the
customer will be responsible for paying them directly. 

Forza is still in the initial stages of establishing
our service plans. Forza is in the process of identifying potential marinas, service centers, and technicians we would like to form strategic
relationships with to ensure that it has a comprehensive service support system in place when our FX1 boats are sold. Although Forza is
planning to eventually internalize most aspects of boat warranty and service through our mobile service vans and trucks over time, initially,
Forza plans to operate them within 500 miles of the Forza factory and partner with third parties elsewhere to enable nationwide coverage
for its customers boat service and warranty repair needs. 

Forza s plans for its electric boats include
the following strategies: 

Successfully Launch the FX1 . Forza believes the successful launch of its first commercially available electric boat is critical to its ability to capitalize on the marine electric vehicle market opportunity and establish itself as leaders in the industry. Forza completed the initial prototype in 2022 and plans to commence commercial scale production in late 2023. 

Invest in Infrastructure . Forza is investing 8.0 million from its August 2022 initial public offering to build a factory solely for the manufacture of Forza s new line of electric boats. The initial phase of our new factory will be 50,000 square feet, that will have a capacity of 550 units annually. The site has been cleared and the rough grading is approximately 80 complete. 

Use a Common Platform to Introduce New Models . Forza intends to design the FX1 with an adaptable platform architecture and common electric powertrain to provide the flexibility to use the FX1 platform to launch subsequent electric boat models cost-efficiently. 

Focus on Technological Advancements and Cost Improvement . Forza intends to constantly look for ways to improve upon and further develop our proprietary electric powertrain system while reducing its manufacturing cost. 

Build Forza s Company-Owned Sales and Service Network . Forza is programming and building its expansive and vertically integrated customer-centric web and app platform to connect with customers for an end-to-end experience encompassing everything from buying, financing, delivery, servicing, and training. This customer-centric approach to sales and service will simplify accessing necessary information for potential buyers and current owners in an easily accessible and streamlined online space. 

Leverage Industry Advancements in Battery Cells . Forza intends to leverage the substantial investments made globally by battery cell manufacturers to improve power and capacity. 

Build and Leverage Strategic Relationships . Forza intends to establish and develop strategic relationships with industry leaders to launch our planned electric boats and sell its electric boat powertrain components. Forza envisions significant inroads with boat manufacturers to retrofit various hull configurations, replacing traditional gas outboard motors and existing boat owners who could retrofit their boats with Forza s outboard motors, controller, and battery packs. 

13 

Forza FX1 Future Factory 

Forza is currently designing a state-of-the-art manufacturing
plant to incorporate the latest in closed-molded composite boat building technologies and electric engine assembly processes., On July
28, 2022, Forza received notice that the North Carolina Economic investment committee has approved a Job Development Investment Grant JDIG providing for reimbursement to Forza of up to 1,367,100 over a twelve year period to establish a new manufacturing
plant in McDowell County, North Carolina. The receipt of grant funding is conditioned upon us investing over 10.5 million in land, buildings
and fixtures, infrastructure and machinery and equipment by the end of 2025 and us creating as many as 170 jobs. We have selected our
new site in McDowell County, North Carolina to build the Forza X1 factory. Forza is designing a 100,000 square foot facility designed
for capacity and production of 1,000 units annually that it intends to build over time in various phases, starting with an initial 50,000
square foot facility that will have a capacity of 550 units annually that it anticipates the cost of which will be 8 million for the
construction of the factory. Forza anticipates that the local incentives that it has been approved to receive will help to offset some
of the cost to be incurred with respect to the building of the factory. However, there can be no assurance that such negotiations will
be successful or that Forza will meet the requirements to receive the anticipated incentives will be granted to us. 

Before the completion of new factory construction,
all fabrication for Forza X1 boats will be performed onsite at Twin Vee s facility or, if available additional manufacturing
space will be leased. 

Our Strengths and Competitive Advantages 

We believe that the following are the key investment attributes of our
company: 

Recognized Brand. We believe the Twin
Vee brand is well-known among boating enthusiasts for performance, quality, and value, and that the market recognizes Twin Vee as a brand
in the twin hull sport boat category due to the value proposition that our boats deliver. 

Diverse Product Offering . We
are able to attract consumers across multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. We currently have fourteen (14) different
catamaran models in production that range from 24-feet to 40-feet long offered at retail prices that start at approximately 65,000 and
go up to 900,000. We will further diversify our offerings in 2023, with our all new monohull line, which will be sold under LFG Marine. 

Focus on Innovative Product Offerings. We
are currently designing numerous new boat models to meet market demand and grow our business, and our current focus is on bring a full
line of monohull boats to the market under the LFG Marine brand. In addition, Forza expects to bring multiple models of its fully electric
boat to market in late 2023. 

Price Point. Twin Vee has also made
investments in infrastructure, and engineering. These investments have resulted in lower material waste, reduced labor hours per boat,
reduced re-work, and increased production efficiencies. Therefore, we are able to offer favorable pricing while increasing margins by
controlling costs through disciplined engineering and manufacturing processes. 

Our Markets 

According to the National Marine Manufacturer s
Association, or NMMA, more than 218,868 new powerboats were sold in 2021, levels the recreational boating industry has not seen since
before the Great Recession in 2008. Our core market corresponds most directly to the outboard, twin hull, catamaran, monohull and open
fisherman category, which we refer to as the sport powerboats category. We believe our addressable market also includes similar and adjacent
powerboat categories identified by the NMMA, including center console boats, outboard boats, and all open sport fishing boats. Coming
off a record year of extraordinary demand in 2021 led to the second highest ranked year in nearly two decades for recreational marine
expenditures at 56.7 billion. New powerboat retail unit sales normalized in 2022, down an estimated 15-18 percent, to pre-pandemic growth
years (2015-2019) with an estimated 250,000 new units sold, 25 percent above previous averages (2008-2014). Looking ahead to 2023, early
indications point to continued healthy demand with new retail unit sales expected to remain on par with 2022. 

14 

Outboard Motor Market 

An outboard motor is a propulsion system for boats,
consisting of a self-contained unit that includes engine, gearbox and propeller or jet drive, designed to be affixed to the outside of
the boat. As well as providing propulsion, outboards provide steering control, as they are designed to pivot over their mountings and
thus control the direction of thrust. Outboard motors tend to be found on smaller watercraft as it is more efficient for larger boats
to have an inboard system. Although outboard engines powered by fossil fuels have traditionally dominated this market and continue to
do so, electric outboard motors are a relatively new phenomenon that have been growing in step with the growth in the electric boat market.
The boats that we sell and manufacture all have outboard motors. 

According to the NMMA, sales of outboard engines in
the United States (which includes outboard motors) were 3.31 billion, or 307,800 units in 2021. Consumer demand for higher-performance
engines hit an all-time high in 2020, the market did see a decline of 6.6 . Despite the drop from 2020, unit sales in 2021 were the second
highest total in the last 14 years, and 29 percent above average retain unit sales from 2008-2021. 

Although many recreational boats can be powered by
outboard or inboard motors, many consumers prefer outboard motors. Among the reasons for their preference are that, unlike inboard motors,
outboard motors can be easily removed for storage or repairs, they provide more room in the boat as they are attached to the transom outside
of the boat, they tend to have a shallower draft and they can be more easily replaced in the event the motor no longer works or a desire
to upgrade to a higher horsepower. 

Electric Boat Market 

Although electric boats have been available for over
100 years, interest in them was minimal until the 1990s when the first studies were conducted in the United States following the suspicion
that motorboats contaminate aquatic environments significantly through loss of gas and lubrication oil. According to Andre Mele, recreational
boats pollute as much as cars and trucks in the United States. In the early 2000 s, 8 million speedboats in the United States released
15 times more pollutants annually into the environment than the oil spill produced by the oil tanker Exxon Valdez in 1989. The sinking
of this tanker in Alaska had released 11 million U.S. gallons of hydrocarbons into the environment. After conversion, this means that
each boat releases an average of 78 L of hydrocarbons into aquatic environments each year. If that average is still current, we estimate
that in 2019 oil losses in the environment via motorboats equaled 150,000 tons of hydrocarbon scaly leaks in Canada (based on 2 million
vessels), 750,000 tons of hydrocarbon scaly leaks in the United States (based on 10 million vessels) and 450,000 tons of hydrocarbon scaly
leaks in Europe (based on 6 million vessels). 

This explains why some lakes and bodies of water have
recently banned motorboats. The total elimination of gas immediately reduces a very large source of marine pollution, with immediate results
that would impact beaches, swimming and the reduction of BOD (biochemical oxygen demand) and DCO (direct chemical oxidation) of ambient
water. Specifically, hydrocarbons, similar to the dirt that clings to the walls of a bathtub, contaminate the shores and banks of lakes,
rivers and bodies of water, where the development of many living organisms takes place. The ecosystem is then modified with the scarcity
or disappearance of certain species. 

In an effort to tackle air pollution, cities around
the world are beginning to ban all gas and diesel fuel powered boats from the center of the city. One of the first cities to implement
this change is Amsterdam, Netherlands. This movement to electrically powered boats has been implemented in Venice, where the city has
restricted the movement of gas and diesel fuel powered boats, while exempting electrically powered boats. 

We expect that shifting consumer preferences will
result in significant growth in the market for electric boats, especially as the demand for recreational powerboats, in general, remains
strong. We estimate many consumers are increasingly willing to consider buying electric-powered boats due to the environmental and economic
consequences of using gasoline-powered vehicles, as demonstrated by the increased sales of hybrid and electric automobiles in recent years.
In its Electric Vehicle Outlook 2021, Bloomberg NEF estimated that there are currently 12 million passenger electric vehicles on the road.
The prevalence of electric-powered boats is likely to follow suit. In an August 2020 Boating Industry online article, the marine-focused
magazine indicated that electric boat drives represented about 2 of the market, but hybrid and pure electric boats sales were expected
to rise rapidly in the coming years. Specifically, the article cites a report from independent market research company IDTechEx where
it examined the electric boat and ship sector. The report estimates that the market for hybrid and pure electric boats and ships would
be greater than 20 billion worldwide by 2027, finding that recreational boats is the largest and fastest growing electric marine market
in sales number. 

15 

Our initiative into sustainable marine technologies and products is well-timed.
The prevalence of batteries necessary to sustain a marine EV model line is expected to rise and become cheaper. Bloomberg NEF s
Long-Term Electric Vehicle Outlook reports that annual lithium-battery demand has proliferated in recent years and meeting the demand
will require unprecedented but achievable increases in materials, components, and cell production. Battery production capacity is expanding
as more factories are brought online. Moreover, battery technology that improves power and capacity is being designed, developed, and
adopted regularly. According to Bloomberg NEF s report, it found that the volume-weighted average price of a lithium-ion battery
pack fell 13 from 2019 to 137/kWh (kilowatt-hour) in 2020. The report estimates the volume-weighted average cost of battery packs will
drop below 100/kW in 2024. The Company is establishing itself in the market at the right time to help keep production costs as low as
possible and make our boats affordable for our customers. 

Forza believes its solid foundation in boat building,
electric vehicle engineering expertise, and planned direct-to-consumer system will help it to rapidly innovate and introduce new boats
and technologies cost-effectively . By operating its sales and service network, its believes it can
offer a compelling and premium customer-centric experience while achieving operating efficiencies and capturing
sales and service revenues that traditional boat manufacturers do not receive in the independent dealer model. Forza also plans to leverage
its electric powertrain technology to develop and sell powertrain components to other boat manufacturers and owners. 

Forza
believes its proprietary electric powertrain system will enable it to design and develop zero-emission boats that overcome the design,
styling, and performance issues that have historically limited broad consumer adoption of electric boats. As a result, Forza believes
customers of its vehicles will enjoy many benefits, including: 

Extended Run Times and Recharging Flexibility . Forza is designing its FX1 to offer an intermediate-range option and an option that would increase the battery pack capacity for extended run times. Charging stations specifically designed for electric boats will eventually be an option for customers as well. Norway and Venice, Italy, are beginning to construct a network of electric boat charging stations. In the United States, Lake Tahoe is now home to a rapid-charging electric boat charging station. While the US and the rest of the world begin to adopt a network of electric boat-specific stations, the design for the Forza X1 boats incorporates an onboard charging system, permitting recharging from almost any electrical outlet and residential and commercial charging stations previously only utilized for electric automobiles . 

Energy Efficiency and Cost of Ownership . Forza believes its FX1 will offer consumers an attractive cost of ownership compared to similar outboard powerboats. By using a single powertrain and customizing the systems within the electric powertrain and the rest of the boat, itsr boats are more energy-efficient, and therefore less expensive to operate and maintain. 

Environmental sustainability . Large gas-powered engines often leak and produce carbon emissions, both of which are generally harmful to fragile marine ecosystems. By offering a fully electric boat to its customers and an alternative to traditional propulsion systems, Forza e can foster a more environmentally sustainable boat brand. Our greatest hope is to be purposeful stewards of the marine industry and lead by example in environmentally friendly innovation. 

Noise Level . So often, powerboats create large amounts of noise, disturbing wildlife and making it difficult for fellow passengers to hear one another while underway. FX1 s electric powertrain will produce little to no sound, making it easier to enjoy the sounds of nature, family, and friends. Forza s products will also help tremendously with fishing and other sporting and water-based activities that favor less noise. 

Our Dealer Network 

We primarily sell our gas-powered boats through a
network of 20 independent dealers in 34 locations across North America, the Caribbean (one in the Bahamas, Puerto Rico and Cayman Islands)
and Central America (Panama City, Panama). We have dealerships in Cape Canaveral, Crystal River, Destin, Fort Myers, Islamorada, Jenson,
Miami, Naples, Orange Beach, Palm Bay, Palm Harbor, Palmetto, Pensacola and Pompano Beach Florida. We also have dealerships in Gulf Shores,
Alabama, Selbyville, Delaware, Vermillion, Ohio, Cataumet, Massachusetts, Harrison Township, Michigan, Point Pleasant Beach New Jersey,
Hampton Bays, New York, Cedar Point and Goldsboro, North Carolina, San Juan, Puerto Rico, Charleston and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
and Freeport, Texas. We are always seeking to recruit and establish new dealers and distributors domestically and are striving to develop
international distribution. 

We establish performance criteria that our dealers
must meet in order to be part of our network to ensure our dealer network remains strong, which include minimum annual purchase orders.
As a member of our network, dealers in North America may qualify for floor plan financing programs, rebates, seasonal discounts, promotional
co-op payments and other allowances. We expect this will strengthen our dealers ability to sell our products. 

16 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our top five
dealers on a consolidated basis accounted for approximately 48 of our consolidated revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
one individual dealer had sales of over 10 of our total sales, that dealer represented 12 of total sales. We made significant
changes to our dealer network in 2022, partnering with One Water and their extensive dealer network, as well as taking on six new dealers
in the northeast. 

We consistently review our distribution network to
identify opportunities to expand our geographic footprint and improve our coverage of the market. We believe that our diverse product
offering and strong market position in each region of the United States helped us capitalize on growth opportunities as our industry recovered
from the economic downturn. We have the ability to opportunistically add new dealers and new dealer locations to previously underserved
markets and use data and performance metrics to monitor dealer performance. We believe our outstanding dealer network allows us to distribute
our products more efficiently than our smaller competitors. 

We do not have written agreements with our dealers.
Prior to the beginning of each year, we establish a minimum number of units that each dealer must acquire based upon indications of interest
from the dealers. Payment for the units is made by the dealer or a third-party lender once the boat is manufactured and delivered to the
dealer. Dealers are not contractually obligated to purchase any boats. Although to date most dealers have purchased boats for which they
have provided indications of interest, we could experience excess inventory and costs if a dealer should choose not to purchase a boat
for which it has provided an indication of interest. 

Floor Plan Financing 

Our North American dealers often purchase boats through
floor plan financing programs with third-party floor plan financing providers. During the year ended December 31, 2022, all of our North
American shipments were made pursuant to floor plan financing programs through which our dealers participate. These programs allow dealers
across our brands to establish lines of credit with third-party lenders to purchase inventory. Under these programs, a dealer draws on
the floor plan facility upon the purchase of our boats and the lender pays the invoice price of the boats. As is typical in our industry,
we have entered into repurchase agreements with certain floor plan financing providers to our dealers. Under the terms of these arrangements,
in the event a lender repossesses a boat from a dealer that has defaulted on its floor financing arrangement and is able to deliver the
repossessed boat to us, we are obligated to repurchase the boat from the lender. Our obligation to repurchase such repossessed products
for the unpaid balance of our original invoice price for the boat is subject to reduction or limitation based on the age and condition
of the boat at the time of repurchase, and in certain cases by an aggregate cap on repurchase obligations associated with a particular
floor financing program. 

Our exposure under repurchase agreements with third-party
lenders is mitigated by our ability to reposition inventory with a new dealer in the event that a repurchase event occurs. The primary
cost to us of a repurchase event is any margin loss on the resale of a repurchased unit. To date, we have not been required to repurchase
any boats under repurchase agreements. 

Competition 

The powerboat industry, including the performance
sport boat category, is highly competitive for consumers and dealers. Competition affects our ability to succeed in the markets we currently
serve and new markets that we may enter in the future. We compete with several large manufacturers that may have greater financial, marketing
and other resources than we do. We compete with large manufacturers who are represented by dealers in the markets in which we now operate
and into which we plan to expand. We also compete with a wide variety of small, independent manufactures. Competition in our industry
is based primarily on brand name, price and product performance. 

We also compete with other leisure activities. Our
boats are not necessities and in times of economic hardship, consumers may cease purchasing non-essential items. Luxury items may not
be used for recreational and sport purposes, and demand for our boats may be adversely affected by competition from other activities that
occupy consumers leisure time and by changes in consumer lifestyle, usage pattern or taste. 

We also face competition for employees. Competition
for individuals with experience designing, manufacturing and servicing electric boats is intense, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate,
train or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these
additional employees could seriously harm our business and prospects. 

17 

Raw Materials, Principal Suppliers, and Customers 

We purchase a number of our
product parts and components from third-party suppliers, including the fiberglass we use to manufacture the fiberglass parts of our boats,
hydrocarbon feedstocks and steel, as well as product parts and components, such as engines and electronic controls, through a sales order
process. The most significant component used in manufacturing our gas-powered boats, based on cost, are engines. We maintain a strong
and long-standing relationship with our sole supplier of engines, Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. 

We do not maintain long-term
contracts with preferred suppliers, but instead rely on informal arrangements and off-the-shelf purchases. Other than the 150-horsepower
motors we obtain from Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., which historically have been used in approximately 15 of our boats, we have not
experienced any material shortages in any of our product parts, or components. However, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic some of our
third-party suppliers have experienced delays in delivering our product parts and components in a timely manner and fluctuations in price
for these supplies is a possibility if raw material pricing increases. Temporary shortages, when they do occur, usually involve manufacturers
of these products adjusting model mix, introducing new product lines, or limiting production in response to an industry-wide reduction
in boat demand or, as recently experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, in finding persons able to deliver the parts and components in
a timely manner. In addition, we have experienced price increases from suppliers resulting from these supply chain shortages. 

Semiconductor chips are a vital input component to
the electrical architecture of Forza s electric boats, controlling wide aspects of the boats operations. Many of the key
semiconductor chips Forza intends to use in its boats come from limited or single sources of supply, and therefore a disruption with any
one manufacturer or supplier in its supply chain would have an adverse effect on Forza s ability to effectively manufacture and
timely deliver its boats. Forza does not have any long-term supply contracts with any suppliers and purchase chips on a purchase order
basis. Due to its reliance on these semiconductor chips, Forza is subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in their supply.
Forza is in the process of identifying alternative manufacturers for semiconductor chips. In the past there have been experienced, and
may in the future be, semiconductor chip shortages, and the availability and cost of these components would be difficult to predict. For
example, Forza s manufacturers may experience temporary or permanent disruptions in their manufacturing operations due to equipment
breakdowns, labor strikes or shortages, natural disasters, component or material shortages, cost increases, acquisitions, insolvency,
changes in legal or regulatory requirements, or other similar problems. 

Increased demand for semiconductor chips in 2020,
due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and increased demand for consumer electronics that use these chips, has resulted in a severe global
shortage of chips in 2021 and 2022. As a result, our ability to source semiconductor chips to be used in our boats has been adversely
affected. This shortage may result in increased chip delivery lead times, delays in the production of our boats, and increased costs to
source available semiconductor chips. To the extent this semiconductor chip shortage continues, and we are unable to mitigate the effects
of this shortage, our ability to deliver sufficient quantities of our boats to fulfill our preorders and to support our growth through
sales to new dealers would be adversely affected. We only have one remaining supplier that is affected by the shortage. 

While we and Forza believe that our and its relationships
with our and its current suppliers are sufficient to provide the materials necessary to meet present production demand, neither we nor
Forza can assure anyone that these relationships will continue or that the quantity or quality of the materials available from these suppliers
will be sufficient to meet our or its future needs. We and Forza expect that our and its need for raw materials and supplies will increase.
Our and its suppliers must be prepared to ramp up operations and, in many cases, hire additional workers and/or expand capacity in order
to fulfill those orders placed by us or Forza and other customers. Operational and financial difficulties that our or Forza s suppliers
may face in the future could adversely affect their ability to supply us or Forza with the parts and components we need, which could significantly
disrupt our or Forza s operations. 

A few customers have in the past, and may in the future,
account for a significant portion of our revenues in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. For example, during the
year end December 31, 2022 five dealers represented 48 of our sales. The loss of business from a significant customer could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

18 

Intellectual Property 

We have not protected our
intellectual property rights for our gas-powered motor products through patents or formal copyright registration, and we do not currently
have any patent applications pending related to our gas-powered boats. 

As development of Forza s electric powered boats continues, Forza is
applying for patents. Forza has filed applications for three design and four utility patents with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
relating to, among other things, its propulsion system being developed and boat design. Below is a list of pending patent applications
that Forza is seeking approval from the United States Patent and Trademark Office. There can be no assurance that any patent will be issued
or if issued that the patent will protect our intellectual property. As a result, neither we nor Forza may be able to protect our or its
intellectual property and trade secrets or prevent others from independently developing substantially equivalent proprietary information
and techniques or from otherwise gaining access to our or its intellectual property or trade secrets. In such an instance, we or our competitors
could produce products that are nearly identical to ours or Forza s resulting in us selling less products or generating less revenue
from our or Forza s sales. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding Forza s current patent applications: 

IDEA / CONCEPT NAME 
 DESCRIPTION 
 IP TYPE 
 App Number and Filing Date 
 
 360 Steering Lower Pod with Disconnect 
 For outboard, lower pod steering mechanism using slewing bearing and spur gear mechanism allowing for a full 360 degree rotation. Also features a pass through the center method for cooling fluid, and an easy way to interchange lower drive units with the fixed upper unit. 
 Full Non-provisional Patent 
 App # 17,698,212 
FILING DATE 03/18/23 
 
 Original Outboard Cover Design 
 Original shape of outboard cover 
 Design Patent 
 App # 29/818,844 
FILING DATE 12/10/21 
 
 Unibody Frame 
 Shape of frame that allows vertical mounting of motor and transmission inside the outboard 
 Design Patent 
 App # 29/818,842 
FILING DATE 12/10/21 
 
 Outboard cover design ALPHA 01 version 
 shape of the updated prototype cover and cowling 
 Design Patent 
 App # 29/819,262 
FILING DATE 12/14/21 
 
 Trim and Tilt with cable routing thru pivot axis 
 A trim and tilt assembly that routes cables through the pivot axis which protects cables, keeps the bundle from excessive bending and results in a cleaner design 
 Utility Patent 
 App # 63,287,740 
FILING DATE 12/09/21 
 
 Jet Drive Lower Unit for an Electric Outboard 
 The design of the lower jet drive as it is configured for the integration with the electric outboard 
 Utility Patent 
 App # 63,293,420 
FILING DATE 12/23/21 
 
 Closed Loop Heat Exchanger Integrated in a Lower Drive Unit 
 Integrate a cooling radiator inside of the lower drive propeller or jet drive unit itself. Simplify the cooling circuit by eliminating the need for a raw sea water intake. 
 Full Non-provisional Patent 
 App # 18/150,943 
FILING DATE 1/06/22 
 
 Outboard Motor Cowling Latch Assembly 
 The outboard top cover should not be removed until the electric motor and inverter is safely de-energized which typically takes 4 to 5 seconds after powering down. This invention features a special latch mechanism, a sensor to detect position of latch, and a locking solenoid which will prevent inadvertent removal of cowling cover which will prevent a user from being electrocuted. 
 Utility Patent 
 App # 63/424,985 
Filing Date 11/14/22 
 
 Docking Assist Motor Control and Auto-pilot mode for Trailer loading and launching 
 Similar to docking assist GPS guided auto-pilot systems but this one is specifically intended to assist with single handed boat launching or loading to and from a trailer. Use position sensors on the trailer, have the boat automatically guided safely by itself while the captain is backing trailer into the water, or on the trailer preparing the winch, etc. 
 Utility Patent 
 App # 63/402,124 
FILED 8/30/2022 
 
 Double Motor Stack for an outboard powerhead arrangement 
 Cascadia and other EV motor vendors offer a configuration where the DC motor can be stacked on top of another motor to double the power output of the vehicle. Packing this into an outboard motor design might be a first for the industry and will be worth patenting if possible. 
 Utility Patent 
 App # 63/402,124 
FILING DATE 8/30/22 

19 

Insurance and Product Warranties 

We carry various insurance
policies, including policies to cover general products liability, directors and officers, workers compensation and other casualty
and property risks, to protect against certain risks of loss consistent with the exposures associated with the nature and scope of our
operations. Our policies are generally based on our safety record as well as market trends in the insurance industry and are subject to
certain deductibles, limits and policy terms and conditions. 

We provide limited product warranties, generally covering
periods of ten years for the hull and the motors are under warranty by their manufacturer. 

In addition, we provide a three-year limited fiberglass
small parts warranty on some small fiberglass parts and components, such as consoles. Gelcoat is covered up to one year. Additionally,
fiberglass lids, plastic lids, electrical panels, bilge pumps, aerator pumps or other electrical devices (excluding stereos, depth finders,
radar, chart plotters except for installation if installed by Twin Vee PowerCats Co.), steering systems, electrical panels, and pumps
are covered under a one-year basic limited systems warranty. Some materials, components or parts of the boat that are not covered by our
limited product warranties are separately warranted by their manufacturers or suppliers. These other warranties include warranties covering
engines purchased from suppliers and other components. 

Environmental, Safety
and Regulatory Matters 

Certain materials used in
our manufacturing, including the resins used in production of our boats, are toxic, flammable, corrosive or reactive and are classified
by the federal and state governments as hazardous materials. Control of these substances is regulated by the Environmental
Protection Agency (the EPA and state pollution control agencies. The United States Clean Air Act (the CAA and corresponding state and provincial rules regulate emissions of air pollutants. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA standards limit the emissions to which an employee may be exposed without the need for respiratory protection or upgraded plant ventilation.
Our facilities are regularly inspected by OSHA and by state and local inspection agencies and departments. We believe that our facility
complies in all material aspects with these regulations. Although capital expenditures related to compliance with environmental laws are
expected to increase, we do not currently anticipate any material expenditure will be required to continue to comply with existing environmental
or safety regulations in connection with our existing manufacturing facilities. 

Powerboats sold in the United
States must be manufactured to meet the standards of certification required by the United States Coast Guard. In addition, boats manufactured
for sale in the European Community must be certified to meet the European Community s imported manufactured products standards.
These certifications specify standards for the design and construction of powerboats. We believe that all of our boats meet these standards.
In addition, safety of recreational boats is subject to federal regulation under the Boat Safety Act of 1971, which requires boat manufacturers
to recall products for replacement of parts or components that have demonstrated defects affecting safety. We have instituted recalls
for defective component parts produced by certain of our third-party suppliers. None of the recalls has had a material adverse effect
on our company. 

In addition to the regulation of our manufacturing
operations, the EPA has adopted regulations stipulating that many marine propulsion engines meet certain air emission standards. The engines
used in our products, all of which are manufactured by third parties, are warranted by the manufacturers to be in compliance with the
EPA s emission standards. Furthermore, the engines used in our products must comply with the applicable emission standards under
the Center for European Policy Analysis CEPA and corresponding provincial legislation. The additional cost of complying
with these regulations has increased our cost to purchase the engines and, accordingly, has increased the cost to manufacture our products. 

If we are not able to pass these additional costs
along to our dealers, it may have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. 

20 

Employees/Human Capital 

We currently, employ approximately,170 employees, 154 employees in our gas-powered
boat segment, all of whom are full time employees, and Forza has 16 full time employees working on electric-powered boats. None of our
employees are represented by a labor union and, since our founding in 1982, we have never experienced a labor-related work stoppage. 

Competitive Pay and Benefits 

Our compensation programs
are designed to align the compensation of our employees with our performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and
motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term
and long-term performance. Specifically: 

we provide employee wages and benefits that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location; 

we align our executives long-term equity compensation with our shareholders interests by linking realizable pay with stock performance; and 

all employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, a retirement plan and life and disability/accident erage. 

Health and Safety 

The health and safety of
our employees is our highest priority, and this is consistent with our operating philosophy. Accordingly, with the global spread of the
ongoing novel coronavirus pandemic, we have implemented plans designed to address and mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
the safety of our employees and our business, which include: 

adding work from home flexibility; 

adjusting attendance policies to encourage those who are sick to stay home; 

increasing cleaning protocols across all locations; and 

initiating regular communication regarding impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including health and safety protocols and procedures. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Operations 

The COVID-19 pandemic outbreak has offered challenges
for all commercial enterprises. We have adapted to these unprecedented times and believe we have successfully navigated the issues presented
to our business by the global pandemic. Although sales decreased at the beginning of the summer of 2020, and we had reduced staffing,
we have operated with a full-time staff since the middle of the summer of 2020. The demand for our boats remained robust. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive office is located at 3101
S. US-1, Ft. Pierce, Florida 34982 and our telephone number is (772) 429-2525. We maintain our corporate website at www.twinvee.com. The
reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only, the information that can be accessed through our website is not part of
this Annual Report, and investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. 

We were incorporated in the State of Florida as Twin
Vee Catamarans, Inc. on December 1, 2009 and reincorporated in Delaware on April 7, 2021 under the name to Twin Vee PowerCats Co. ValueRich,
Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Florida on July 11, 2003 and reincorporated in Delaware on March 3, 2006. On February
17, 2015 ValueRich, Inc. consummated the acquisition of Twin Vee Catamarans, Inc. On April 26, 2016, ValueRich, Inc. changed its name
and began operating under the name Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. On December 5, 2022, the merger of Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. into our company
was approved. 

21 

Forza X1, Inc. was initially incorporated as Electra
Power Sports, Inc. on October 15, 2021, which name was subsequently changed to Forza X1, Inc. on October 29, 2021. Prior to Forza s
incorporation on October 15, 2021, the electric boat business was operated as our Electra Power Sports Division. Following our
initial public offering that closed on July 23, 2021 (the IPO ), we determined in October 2021 that for several reasons,
that we would market our new independent line of electric boats under a new brand name (and new subsidiary). 

Fix My Boat, Inc. was incorporated on September 21,
2021 in Delaware. 

Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company, as
defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and therefore we intend to take advantage of
certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal controls over
financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute
payments. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, the
JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time
as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised
accounting standards under the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have
different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election,
our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year: (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering; (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion; or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with that term in the
JOBS Act. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Investors should carefully
consider the risks described below before deciding whether to invest in our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common
stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements made throughout this Annual Report a result of different factors, including the risks we face described
below. 

Risks Related to our
Business 

There is limited public
information on our operating history. 

Our limited public operating
history makes evaluating our business and prospects difficult. Although we were formed in 2003, we did not provide public reports on the
results of operations until our 2020 fiscal year. We only have a few years of audited financial statements. Any investment decision will
not be made with the same data as would be available as if we had a longer history of public reporting. 

We have incurred losses for the quarter ended
June 30, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 and could continue to incur losses in the future. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss from operations of
 6,021,707 and a net loss of 5,793,414. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a loss from operations of 1,630,721 and a
net loss of 1,011,009. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 5.8 million. There can be no assurance
that expenses will not continue to increase in future periods or that the cash generated from operations in future periods will be sufficient
to satisfy our operating needs and to generate income from operations and net income. 

22 

Our ability to meet
our manufacturing workforce needs is crucial to our results of operations and future sales and profitability. 

We rely on the existence
of an available hourly workforce to manufacture our products. In addition, Forza relies upon engineers that are specialist in electric
engineering. We cannot assure you that we or our subsidiaries, will be able to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current
or future manufacturing needs at a reasonable cost, or at all. For instance, the demand for skilled employees has increased recently with
the low unemployment rates in Florida where we have manufacturing facilities and in North Carolina where Forza is building a manufacturing
facility. We anticipate increasing the number of employees that Forza will need to hire once the manufacturing facility in North Carolina
is operational. Also, although none of our employees are currently covered by collective bargaining agreements, we cannot assure you that
our employees will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could
require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. Significant increases in manufacturing workforce costs could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Forza intends to continue to hire a number of
additional personnel, including design and manufacturing personnel and service technicians for its electric boats and powertrains. Competition
for individuals with experience designing, manufacturing and servicing electric boats is intense, and Forza may not be able to attract,
assimilate, train or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and
retain these additional employees could seriously harm Forza s business and prospects. 

We have a large, fixed
cost base that will affect our profitability if our sales decrease. 

The fixed cost levels of
operating a powerboat manufacturer can put pressure on profit margins when sales and production decline. Our profitability depends, in
part, on our ability to spread fixed costs over a sufficiently large number of products sold and shipped, and if we make a decision to
reduce our rate of production, gross or net margins could be negatively affected. Consequently, decreased demand or the need to reduce
production can lower our ability to absorb fixed costs and materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. 

Interest rates and
energy prices affect product sales. 

Our gas-powered products
are often financed by our dealers and retail powerboat consumers, we envision this continuing as we expand our operations and grow our
network of distributors. This may not occur if interest rates meaningfully rise because higher rates increase the borrowing costs and,
accordingly, the cost of doing business for dealers and the cost of powerboat purchases for consumers. Higher energy costs result in increases
in operating expenses at our manufacturing facility and in the expense of shipping products to our dealers. In addition, inflation and
increases in energy costs may adversely affect the pricing and availability of petroleum-based raw materials, such as resins and foams
that are used in our products. Also, higher fuel prices may have an adverse effect on demand for our gas-powered boats, as they increase
the cost of ownership and operation and the pries at which we sell the boats. Therefore, higher interest rates and fuel costs can adversely
affect consumers decisions relating to recreational powerboating purchases. 

The capacity of the manufacturing facility that
we and Forza utilize will not be sufficient to support our future growth and business plans. 

We are currently operating close to full capacity
at our current manufacturing facility in Fort Pierce. Forza plans to manufacture its electric boats at a new state of the art carbon neutral
factory that it plans to build in McDowell County, North Carolina. Until we are able to expand our manufacturing capacity and Forza is
able to build the planned manufacturing facility, we will continue to share our current manufacturing facility with Forza, which has a
limited capacity and may not be able to satisfy our and their manufacturing needs. Any facility that we build will require a significant
capital investment and is expected to take at least one to two years to build and become fully operational. As a result of limited capacity
at our facility, Forza s ability to produce any boats will be limited to available capacity of our facility until Forza s
future manufacturing facility is operational. If capacity is not available, Forza will not be able to produce its electric boats as planned. 

In addition. Forza intends to utilize grant funding
to pay for certain costs associated with the building of its manufacturing facility. On July 28, 2022, we received notice that the North
Carolina Economic investment committee has approved a Job Development Investment Grant JDIG providing for reimbursement
to us of up to 1,367,100 over a twelve-year period to establish a new manufacturing plant in McDowell County, North Carolina. The receipt
of grant funding is conditioned upon Forza investing over 10.5 million in land, buildings and fixtures, infrastructure and machinery
and equipment by the end of 2025 and Forza creating as many as 170 jobs. There can be no assurance that Forza will meet the conditions
necessary to receive the grant funding. 

23 

Changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical
conditions, domestic and foreign trade policies, monetary policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business
and operating results. 

Our operations and performance depend on global, regional
and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. General worldwide economic conditions have experienced significant instability in recent
years including the recent global economic uncertainty and financial market conditions. Russia s invasion and military attacks on
Ukraine have triggered significant sanctions from U.S. and European leaders and financial markets around the world experienced volatility
following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. Resulting changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions
by Russia, its allies and other affected countries, including China, resulting in a trade war. Furthermore, if other countries,
including the U.S., become further involved in the conflict, we could face significant adverse effects to our business and financial condition. 

The uncertain financial markets, disruptions in supply
chains, mobility restraints, and changing priorities as well as volatile asset values could impact our business in the future. The COVID-19
outbreak and government measures taken in response to the pandemic have also had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses
and commerce, as worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; facilities and production have been suspended; and
demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, have spiked, while demand for other goods and services,
such as travel, have fallen. The future progression of the pandemic and its effects on our business and operations are uncertain. In addition,
the outbreak of a pandemic could disrupt our operations due to absenteeism by infected or ill members of management or other employees,
or absenteeism by members of management and other employees who elect not to come to work due to the illness affecting others in our office
or laboratory facilities, or due to quarantines. Pandemics could also impact members of our Board of Directors resulting in absenteeism
from meetings of the directors or committees of directors, and making it more difficult to convene the quorums of the full Board of Directors
or its committees needed to conduct meetings for the management of our affairs. 

Further, due to increasing inflation, operating costs
for many businesses including ours have increased and, in the future, could impact demand or pricing manufacturing of our drug candidates
or services providers, foreign exchange rates or employee wages. Inflation rates, particularly in the United States, have increased
recently to levels not seen in years, and increased inflation may result in increases in our operating costs (including our labor costs),
reduced liquidity and limits on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise capital. In addition, the Federal Reserve has raised,
and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which coupled with reduced government spending and volatility
in financial markets may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. 

Actual events involving reduced or limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions or other companies in the financial services
industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds, have in the past and may
in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, was closed by the California
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as receiver. Although we
did not have any cash or cash equivalent balances on deposit with Silicon Valley Bank, uncertainty and liquidity concerns in the broader
financial services industry remain and the failure of Silicon Valley Bank and its potential near- and long-term effects on the biotechnology
industry and its participants such as our vendors, suppliers, and investors, may also adversely affect our operations and stock price. 

We are actively monitoring the effects these disruptions
and increasing inflation could have on our operations. 

These conditions make it extremely difficult for us
to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. 

24 

Our annual and quarterly
financial results are subject to significant fluctuations depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control . 

Our sales and operating results
can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. These
factors include, but are not limited to: 

Seasonal consumer demand for our products; 

Discretionary spending habits; 

Changes in pricing in, or the availability of supply in, the powerboat market; 

Failure to maintain a premium brand image; 

Disruption in the operation of our manufacturing facilities; 

Variations in the timing and volume of our sales; 

The timing of our expenditures in anticipation of future sales; 

Sales promotions by us and our competitors; 

Changes in competitive and economic conditions generally; 

Consumer preferences and competition for consumers leisure time; 

Impact of unfavorable weather conditions; 

Changes in the cost or availability of our labor; and 

Increased fuel prices. 

Due to these and other factors,
our results of operations may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand
for our products. We anticipate that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future. 

Unfavorable weather
conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, especially during the peak
boating season. 

Adverse weather conditions
in any year in any particular geographic region may adversely affect sales in that region, especially during the peak boating season.
Sales of our products are generally stronger just before and during spring and summer, which represent the peak boating months, and favorable
weather during these months generally has a positive effect on consumer demand. Conversely, unseasonably cool weather, excessive rainfall,
reduced rainfall levels, or drought conditions during these periods may close area boating locations or render boating dangerous or inconvenient,
thereby generally reducing consumer demand for our products. Our annual results would be materially and adversely affected if our net
sales were to fall below expected seasonal levels during these periods. We may also experience more pronounced seasonal fluctuation in
net sales in the future as we expand our businesses. There can be no assurance that weather conditions will not have a material effect
on the sales of any of our products. 

A natural disaster,
the effects of climate change, or other disruptions at our manufacturing facility could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations . 

We rely on the continuous
operation of our only manufacturing facility in Stuart, Florida for the production of our products. Any natural disaster or other serious
disruption to our facility due to fire, flood, earthquake, or any other unforeseen circumstance would adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Changes in climate could adversely affect our operations by limiting or increasing the costs associated
with equipment or fuel supplies. In addition, adverse weather conditions, such as increased frequency and/or severity of storms, or floods
could impair our ability to operate by damaging our facilities and equipment or restricting product delivery to customers. The occurrence
of any disruption at our manufacturing facility, even for a short period of time, may have an adverse effect on our productivity and profitability,
during and after the period of the disruption. These disruptions may also cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or
destruction of property and equipment, and environmental damage. Although we maintain property, casualty, and business interruption insurance
of the types and in the amounts that we believe are customary for the industry, we are not fully insured against all potential natural
disasters or other disruptions to our manufacturing facility. 

25 

If we fail to manage
our manufacturing levels while still addressing the seasonal retail pattern for our products, our business and margins may suffer . 

The seasonality of retail
demand for our products, together with our goal of balancing production throughout the year, requires us to manage our manufacturing and
allocate our gas-powered products to our dealer network to address anticipated retail demand. Our dealers must manage seasonal changes
in consumer demand and inventory. If our dealers reduce their inventories in response to weakness in retail demand, we could be required
to reduce our production, resulting in lower rates of absorption of fixed costs in our manufacturing and, therefore, lower margins. As
a result, we must balance the economies of level production with the seasonal retail sales pattern experienced by our dealers. Failure
to adjust manufacturing levels adequately may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on our network
of independent dealers for our gas-powered boats, face increasing competition for dealers, and have little control over their activities . 

A significant portion of
our sales of our gas-powered boats are derived from our network of independent dealers. We typically manufacture our gas-powered boats
based upon indications of interest received from dealers who are not contractually obligated to purchase any boats. While our dealers
typically have purchased all of the boats for which they have provided us with indications of interest, it is possible that a dealer could
choose not to purchase boats for which it has provided an indication of interest (e.g., if it were to have reached the credit limit on
its floor plan), and as a result we once experienced, and in the future could experience, excess inventory and costs. For fiscal 2022,
our top five dealers accounted for approximately 48 of our consolidated revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2022, one individual dealer
had sales of over 10 of our total sales, that dealer represented 12 of total sales. During the year ended December 31, 2021, five
individual dealers had sales of over 10 of our total sales and combined these five dealers represented 67 of total sales. The loss
of a significant dealer could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The number of dealers
supporting our products and the quality of their marketing and servicing efforts are essential to our ability to generate sales. Competition
for dealers among other boat manufacturers continues to increase based on the quality, price, value, and availability of the manufacturers 
products, the manufacturers attention to customer service, and the marketing support that the manufacturer provides to the dealers.
We face intense competition from other boat manufacturers in attracting and retaining dealers, affecting our ability to attract or retain
relationships with qualified and successful dealers. Although our management believes that the quality of our products in the performance
sport boat industry should permit us to maintain our relationships with our dealers and our market share position, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to maintain or improve our relationships with our dealers or our market share position. In addition, independent
dealers in the boating industry have experienced significant consolidation in recent years, which could result in the loss of one or more
of our dealers in the future if the surviving entity in any such consolidation purchases similar products from a competitor. A substantial
deterioration in the number of dealers or quality of our network of dealers would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Our success depends,
in part, upon the financial health of our dealers and their continued access to financing. 

Because we sell nearly all
of our gas-powered products through dealers, their financial health is critical to our success. Our business, financial condition, and
results of operations may be adversely affected if the financial health of the dealers that sell our products suffers. Their financial
health may suffer for a variety of reasons, including a downturn in general economic conditions, rising interest rates, higher rents,
increased labor costs and taxes, compliance with regulations, and personal financial issues. 

In addition, our dealers
require adequate liquidity to finance their operations, including purchases of our products. Dealers are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties that could unfavorably affect their liquidity positions, including, among other things, continued access to adequate financing
sources on a timely basis on reasonable terms. These sources of financing are vital to our ability to sell products through our distribution
network. Access to financing generally facilitates our dealers ability to purchase boats from us, and their financed purchases
reduce our working capital requirements. If financing were not available to our dealers, our sales and our working capital levels would
be adversely affected. 

26 

We may be required to repurchase inventory
of certain dealers . 

Many of our dealers have
floor plan financing arrangements with third-party finance companies that enable the dealers to purchase our products. In connection with
these agreements, we may have an obligation to repurchase our products from a finance company under certain circumstances, and we may
not have any control over the timing or amount of any repurchase obligation nor have access to capital on terms acceptable to us to satisfy
any repurchase obligation. This obligation is triggered if a dealer defaults on its debt obligations to a finance company, the finance
company repossesses the boat, and the boat is returned to us. Our obligation to repurchase a repossessed boat for the unpaid balance of
our original invoice price for the boat is subject to reduction or limitation based on the age and condition of the boat at the time of
repurchase, and in certain cases by an aggregate cap on repurchase obligations associated with a particular floor plan financing program.
To date, we have not been obligated to repurchase any boats under our dealers floor plan financing arrangements, and we are not
aware of any applicable laws regulating dealer relations which govern our relations with the dealers or would require us to repurchase
any boats. However, there is no assurance that a dealer will not default on the terms of a credit line in the future. In addition, applicable
laws regulating dealer relations may also require us to repurchase our products from our dealers under certain circumstances, and we may
not have any control over the timing or amount of any repurchase obligation nor have access to capital on terms acceptable to us to satisfy
any repurchase obligation. If we were obligated to repurchase a significant number of units under any repurchase agreement or under applicable
dealer laws, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We rely on third-party
suppliers in the manufacturing of our boats . 

We depend on third-party
suppliers to provide components and raw materials essential to the construction of our boats. While we believe that our relationships
with our current suppliers are sufficient to provide the materials necessary to meet present production demand, we cannot assure you that
these relationships will continue or that the quantity or quality of materials available from these suppliers will be sufficient to meet
our future needs, irrespective of whether we successfully implement our growth strategy. We expect that our need for raw materials and
supplies will increase. Our suppliers must be prepared to ramp up operations and, in many cases, hire additional workers and/or expand
capacity in order to fulfill the orders placed by us and other customers. Operational and financial difficulties that our suppliers may
face in the future could adversely affect their ability to supply us with the parts and components we need, which could significantly
disrupt our operations. 

Termination or interruption
of informal supply arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations . 

Although we have long term
relationships with many of our suppliers, we do not have any formal agreements with any suppliers for the purchase of parts needed and
our purchases are made on a purchase order basis. We have no binding commitment from our suppliers to supply any specified quantity of
materials needed within any specified time period. In the event that our suppliers receive a large number of orders from other customers,
there is a possibility that they will not be able to support our needs. If any of our current suppliers were to be unable to provide needed
products to us, there can be no assurance that alternate supply arrangements will be made on satisfactory terms. If we need to enter into
supply arrangements on unsatisfactory terms, or if there are any delays to our supply arrangements, it could adversely affect our business
and operating results. 

We rely on one manufacturer
to supply our engines for our gas powered boats and do not have any long terms commitments from such manufacturer. 

We currently rely on one
manufacturer, Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. for the supply of outboard engines for our gas powered boats. We do not have any long-term
commitments from Suzuki to supply any specified number of engines and therefore cannot guarantee that there will be adequate supply of
our engines. To date, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced shortages in obtaining the 150-horsepower motors that
are supplied to us by Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., which historically have been used in approximately 15 of our boats. Although we
believe we have sufficient supply of our other engines, due to supply chain shortages, we may not be able to obtain engines in the future
from other manufacturers if Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. should be unable to satisfy our needs. Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., and other
manufacturers may not be able to provide us with engines in a timely manner due to supply chain shortages and even if other manufacturers
are able to fulfill our engine needs they may not be able to do so at the same price as we currently pay for the engines we install in
our boats, which could result in lower profit margins or us increasing the price of our boats in order to maintain profit margins which
could adversely impact demand for our boats. In addition, certain geopolitical events, such as the current military conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, may increase the likelihood of supply chain interruptions and hinder our ability to find materials we need to build our boats. 

27 

Significant product repair and/or replacement
due to product warranty claims or product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations . 

We provide a hull warranty for structural damage of
up to ten years for its gas-powered boats. In addition, we provide a three-year limited fiberglass small parts warranty on all or some
small fiberglass parts and components such as consoles. Gelcoat is covered up to one year. Additionally, fiberglass lids, plastic lids,
electrical panels, bilge pumps, aerator pumps or other electrical devices (excluding stereos, depth finders, radar, chart plotters except
for installation if installed by us.), steering systems, electrical panels, and pumps are covered under a one-year basic limited systems
warranty. Some materials, components or parts of the boat that are not covered by our limited product warranties are separately warranted
by their manufacturers or suppliers. These other warranties include warranties covering engines purchased from suppliers and other components. 

Our standard warranties require us or our dealers
to repair or replace defective products during such warranty periods at no cost to the consumer. Although we employ quality control procedures,
sometimes a product is distributed that needs repair or replacement. The repair and replacement costs we could incur in connection with
a recall could adversely affect its business. In addition, product recalls could harm our reputation and cause us to lose customers, particularly
if recalls cause consumers to question the safety or reliability of its products. 

The nature of our business
exposes us to workers compensation claims and other workplace liabilities. 

Certain materials we use
require our employees to handle potentially hazardous or toxic substances. While our employees who handle these and other potentially
hazardous or toxic materials receive specialized training and wear protective clothing, there is still a risk that they, or others, may
be exposed to these substances. Exposure to these substances could result in significant injury to our employees and damage to our property
or the property of others, including natural resource damage. Our personnel are also at risk for other workplace-related injuries, including
slips and falls. We may in the future be subject to fines, penalties, and other liabilities in connection with any such injury or damage.
Although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate insurance in excess of our self-insured amounts, we may be
unable to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms or such insurance may not provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. 

If we are unable to comply with environmental
and other regulatory requirements, our business may be exposed to material liability and/or fines . 

Our operations are subject
to extensive and frequently changing federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations, including those concerning product safety,
environmental protection, and occupational health and safety. Some of these laws and regulations require us to obtain permits and limit
our ability to discharge hazardous materials into the environment. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to
civil or criminal enforcement actions that could result in the assessment of fines and penalties, obligations to conduct remedial or corrective
actions, or, in extreme circumstances, revocation of our permits or injunctions preventing some or all of our operations. In addition,
the components of our boats must meet certain regulatory standards, including stringent air emission standards for boat engines. Failure
to meet these standards could result in an inability to sell our boats in key markets, which would adversely affect our business. Moreover,
compliance with these regulatory requirements could increase the cost of our products, which in turn, may reduce consumer demand. 

While we believe that we
are in material compliance with applicable federal, state, local, and foreign regulatory requirements, and hold all licenses and permits
required thereunder, we cannot assure you that we will, at all times, be able to continue to comply with applicable regulatory requirements.
Compliance with increasingly stringent regulatory and permit requirements may, in the future, cause us to incur substantial capital costs
and increase our cost of operations, or may limit our operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business or
financial condition. 

As with most boat construction
businesses, our manufacturing processes involve the use, handling, storage, and contracting for recycling or disposal of hazardous substances
and wastes. The failure to manage or dispose of such hazardous substances and wastes properly could expose us to material liability or
fines, including liability for personal injury or property damage due to exposure to hazardous substances, damages to natural resources,
or for the investigation and remediation of environmental conditions. Under environmental laws, we may be liable for remediation of contamination
at sites where our hazardous wastes have been disposed or at our current facility, regardless of whether our facility is owned or leased
or whether the environmental conditions were created by us, a prior owner or tenant, or a third-party. While we do not believe that we
are presently subject to any such liabilities, we cannot assure you that environmental conditions relating to our prior, existing, or
future sites or operations or those of predecessor companies will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

28 

Our industry is characterized
by intense competition, which affects our sales and profits. 

The performance sport boat
category and the powerboat industry as a whole are highly competitive for consumers and dealers. We also compete against consumer demand
for used boats. Competition affects our ability to succeed in both the markets we currently serve and new markets that we may enter in
the future. Competition is based primarily on brand name, price, product selection, and product performance. We compete with several large
manufacturers that may have greater financial, marketing, and other resources than we do and who are represented by dealers in the markets
in which we now operate and into which we plan to expand. We also compete with a variety of small, independent manufacturers. We cannot
assure you that we will not face greater competition from existing large or small manufacturers or that we will be able to compete successfully
with new competitors. Our failure to compete effectively with our current and future competitors would adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

We face increasing
competition for dealers and have little control over their activities . 

We face intense competition
from other performance sport boat manufacturers in attracting and retaining dealers and customers, affecting our ability to attract or
retain relationships with qualified and successful dealers and consumers looking to purchase boats. Although our management believes that
the quality of our products in the boat industry should permit us to maintain our relationships with our dealers and our market share
position, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our relationships with our dealers or our market share
position. In addition, independent dealers in the boating industry have experienced significant consolidation in recent years, which could
result in the loss of one or more of our dealers in the future if the surviving entity in any such consolidation purchases similar products
from a competitor. A substantial deterioration in the number of dealers or quality of our network of dealers would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our sales may be adversely
impacted by increased consumer preference for other leisure activities or used boats or the supply of new boats by competitors in excess
of demand . 

Our boats are not necessities
and in times of economic hardship, and consumers may cease purchasing non-essential items. Demand for our boats may be adversely affected
by competition from other activities that occupy consumers leisure time and by changes in consumer lifestyle, usage pattern or
taste. Similarly, an overall decrease in consumer leisure time may reduce consumers willingness to purchase and enjoy our boats. 

During the economic downturn
that commenced in 2008, there was a shift in consumer demand toward purchasing more used boats, primarily because prices for used boats
are typically lower than retail prices for new boats. If this were to occur again, it could have the effect of reducing demand among retail
purchasers for our new boats. Also, while we have balanced production volumes for our boats to meet demand, our competitors could choose
to reduce the price of their products, which could have the effect of reducing demand for our new boats. Reduced demand for new boats
could lead to reduced sales by us, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Our sales and profitability
depend, in part, on the successful introduction of new products. 

Market acceptance of our
products depends on our technological innovation and our ability to implement technology in our boats. Our sales and profitability may
be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in product development, such as an inability to develop viable or innovative new products.
Our failure to introduce new technologies and product offerings that consumers desire could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. If we fail to introduce new features or those we introduce fail to gain market acceptance, our bottom line
may suffer. 

In addition, some of our
direct competitors and indirect competitors may have significantly more resources to develop and patent new technologies. It is possible
that our competitors will develop and patent equivalent or superior technologies and other products that compete with ours. They may assert
these patents against us and we may be required to license these patents on unfavorable terms or cease using the technology covered by
these patents, either of which would harm our competitive position and may materially adversely affect our business. 

We also cannot be certain
that our products or features have not infringed or will not infringe the proprietary rights of others. Any such infringement could cause
third parties, including our competitors, to bring claims against us, resulting in significant costs and potential damages. 

29 

Our success depends
upon the continued strength of our brand, the value of our brand, and sales of our products could be diminished if we, the consumers who
use our products, or the sports and activities in which our products are used are associated with negative publicity. 

We believe that our brand
is a significant contributor to the success of our business and that maintaining and enhancing our brand is important to expanding our
consumer and dealer base. Failure to continue to protect our brand may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. We expect that our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the Twin Vee brand and the Forza brand will also depend
heavily on the success of our marketing efforts. To further promote our brand and Forza s brand, we and Forza may be required to
change our marketing practices, which could result in substantially increased advertising expenses, including the need to use traditional
media such as television, radio and print. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater name recognition, broader customer
relationships and substantially greater marketing resources than we do. If we do not develop and maintain strong brands, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted. 

Negative publicity, including
that resulting from severe injuries or death occurring in the sports and activities in which our products are used, could negatively affect
our reputation and result in restrictions, recalls, or bans on the use of our products. If the popularity of the sports and activities
for which we design, manufacture, and sell products were to decrease as a result of these risks or any negative publicity, sales of our
products could decrease, which could have an adverse effect on our net sales, profitability, and operating results. In addition, if we
become exposed to additional claims and litigation relating to the use of our products, our reputation may be adversely affected by such
claims, whether or not successful, including by generating potential negative publicity about our products, which could adversely impact
our business and financial condition. 

We may not be able
to execute our manufacturing strategy successfully, which could cause the profitability of our products to suffer. 

Our manufacturing strategy
is designed to improve product quality and increase productivity, while reducing costs and increasing flexibility to respond to ongoing
changes in the marketplace. To implement this strategy, we must be successful in our continuous improvement efforts, which depend on the
involvement of management, production employees, and suppliers. Any inability to achieve these objectives could adversely impact the profitability
of our products and our ability to deliver desirable products to our consumers. 

We will rely on complex machinery for our operations,
and production involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance, safety, security, and costs. 

We expect to rely heavily on complex machinery for
our operations and our production will involve a significant degree of uncertainty and risk in terms of operational performance, safety,
security, and costs. Our manufacturing plant consists of large-scale machinery combining many components. The manufacturing plant components
are likely to suffer unexpected malfunctions from time to time and will depend on repairs and spare parts to resume operations, which
may not be available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of the manufacturing plant components may significantly affect operational efficiency.
Operational performance and costs can be difficult to predict and are often influenced by factors outside of our control, such as, but
not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental hazards and remediation, costs associated with decommissioning of machines,
labor disputes and strikes, difficulty or delays in obtaining governmental permits, damages or defects in electronic systems, industrial
accidents, pandemics, fire, seismic activity, and natural disasters. Should operational risks materialize, it may result in the personal
injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to manufacturing facilities, products, supplies, tools and materials,
monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance
costs, and potential legal liabilities, all which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. Although we generally carry insurance to cover such operational risks, we cannot be certain that
our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover potential costs and liabilities arising therefrom. A loss that is uninsured or exceeds
policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows. 

30 

We may need to raise additional capital
that may be required to grow our business, and we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Operating our business and
maintaining our growth efforts will require significant cash outlays and advance capital expenditures and commitments. Although the proceeds
of our initial public offering and follow on offering should be sufficient to fund our operations, if cash on hand and cash generated
from operations and from our initial public offering and follow on offering are not sufficient to meet our cash requirements, we will
need to seek additional capital, potentially through debt or equity financings, to fund our growth. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to raise needed cash on terms acceptable to us or at all. Financings may be on terms that are dilutive or potentially dilutive
to our stockholders, and the prices at which new investors would be willing to purchase our securities may be lower than the price per
share of our common stock in our initial public offering. The holders of new securities may also have rights, preferences or privileges
which are senior to those of existing holders of common stock. If new sources of financing are required, but are insufficient or unavailable,
we will be required to modify our growth and operating plans based on available funding, if any, which would harm our ability to grow
our business. 

If we fail to manage
future growth effectively, we may not be able to market or sell our products successfully. 

Any failure to manage our
growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We plan to
expand our operations in the near future. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion
and growth successfully. Risks that we face in undertaking this expansion include: 

training new personnel; 

forecasting production and revenue; 

expanding our marketing efforts, including the marketing of a new powertrain that we intend to develop; 

controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; 

establishing or expanding design, manufacturing, sales and service facilities; 

implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes; and 

addressing new markets. 

We intend to continue to
hire a number of additional personnel, including design and manufacturing personnel and service technicians for our electric boats and
powertrains. Competition for individuals with experience designing, manufacturing and servicing electric boats is intense, and we may
not be able to attract, assimilate, train or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. The failure to attract, integrate,
train, motivate and retain these additional employees could seriously harm our business and prospects 

The loss of one or
a few dealers could have a material adverse effect on us. 

A few dealers have in the
past, and may in the future, account for a significant portion of our revenues in any one year or over a period of several consecutive
years. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, one individual dealer had sales of over 10 of our total sales,
and that one dealer represented 12 of total sales. During the year ended December 31, 2021, five dealers represented 67 of our
sales. The loss of business from a significant dealer could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

We depend upon our
executive officers and we may not be able to retain them and their knowledge of our business and technical expertise would be difficult
to replace . 

Our future success will depend
in significant part upon the continued service of our executive officers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to attract
or retain such persons. We do not have an insurance policy on the life of our chief executive officer, and we do not have key person 
life insurance policies for any of our other officers or advisors. The loss of the technical knowledge and management and industry expertise
of any of our key personnel could result in delays in product development, loss of customers and sales and diversion of management resources,
which could adversely affect our operating results. 

31 

Certain of our shareholders
have sufficient voting power to make corporate governance decisions that could have a significant influence on us and the other stockholders. 

Our Chief Executive Officer
owns 25.84 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, our Chief Executive Officer does and will have significant influence over our
management and affairs and over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant
corporate transactions. In addition, this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in our control and might affect the
market price of our common stock, even when a change in control may be in the best interest of all stockholders. Furthermore, the interests
of this concentration of ownership may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders. Accordingly, our
Chief Executive Officer could cause us to enter into transactions or agreements that we would not otherwise consider. 

We may attempt to grow
our business through acquisitions or strategic alliances and new partnerships, which we may not be successful in completing or integrating . 

We may in the future enter
into acquisitions and strategic alliances that will enable us to acquire complementary skills and capabilities, offer new products, expand
our consumer base, enter new product categories or geographic markets, and obtain other competitive advantages. We cannot assure you,
however, that we will identify acquisition candidates or strategic partners that are suitable to our business, obtain financing on satisfactory
terms, complete acquisitions or strategic alliances, or successfully integrate acquired operations into our existing operations. Once
integrated, acquired operations may not achieve anticipated levels of sales or profitability, or otherwise perform as expected. Acquisitions
also involve special risks, including risks associated with unanticipated challenges, liabilities and contingencies, and diversion of
management attention and resources from our existing operations. Similarly, our partnership with leading franchises from other industries
to market our products or with third-party technology providers to introduce new technology to the market may not achieve anticipated
levels of consumer enthusiasm and acceptance, or achieve anticipated levels of sales or profitability, or otherwise perform as expected. 

We rely on network
and information systems and other technologies for our business activities and certain events, such as computer hackings, viruses or other
destructive or disruptive software or activities may disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Network and information systems
and other technologies are important to our business activities and operations. Network and information systems-related events, such as
computer hackings, cyber threats, security breaches, viruses, or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns or malicious
or other activities could result in a disruption of our services and operations or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential
information, which could damage our reputation and require us to expend resources to remedy any such breaches. Moreover, the amount and
scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses
or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our businesses that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or
security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The risk of these systems-related
events and security breaches occurring has intensified, in part because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our businesses
in digital form stored on cloud servers. While we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security
breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies
change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite these efforts, there can be no assurance that disruptions
and security breaches will not occur in the future. Moreover, we may provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information
to third parties in connection with our businesses, and while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information,
there is a risk that this information may be compromised. 

Likewise, data privacy breaches
by employees or others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons
or to the public. While we have invested in protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts
will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of such network or
information systems-related events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

32 

Uninsured losses could result in payment of
substantial damages, which would decrease our cash reserves and could harm our cash flow and financial condition. 

In the ordinary course of business, we may be subject
to losses resulting from product liability, accidents, acts of God and other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage.
While we currently carry commercial general liability, commercial boat liability, excess liability, product liability, cybersecurity,
crime, special crime, drone, cargo stock throughput, builder s risk, owner controlled insurance program, property, owners protective,
workers compensation, employment practices, employed lawyers, production, fiduciary liability and directors and officers 
insurance policies, we may not maintain as much insurance coverage as other original equipment manufacturers do, and in some cases, we
may not maintain any at all. Additionally, the policies that we have may include significant deductibles, and we cannot be certain that
our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all or any future claims against us. A loss that is uninsured or exceeds policy limits
may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, insurance
coverage may not continue to be available to us or, if available, may be at a significantly higher cost, especially if insurance providers
perceive any increase in our risk profile in the future. 

Risks Related to our Electric-Powered
Boats 

Forza s planned fully electric sport boat
has not yet been developed, and even if developed, interest in it may not develop. 

Forza, has not completed the design and engineering
of the FX1 sport boat. There can be no assurance that Forza will be able to complete development of the FX1 when anticipated, if at all,
that we will be able to mass produce the FX1 or that the anticipated features or services to be included in the FX1 will create substantial
interest or a market, and therefore Forza s anticipated FX1 product, its sales and growth for our product may not develop as expected,
or at all. For example, in May 2021 we experienced a small fire in connection with the sea trial of a prototype of our electric boat which
resulted in a six-month delay in our design timetable as we implemented changes to the design for outboard electric motor system as a
result of the fire. We cannot guarantee that similar events will not occur in the future, or that we will be able to contain such events
without damage or delay. Even if such a market for the FX1 sport boat develops, there can be no assurance that Forza would be able to
maintain that market. 

Forza s operations to date have been primarily
limited to finalizing the design and engineering of its electric sport boat as well as organizing and staffing Forza in preparation for
launching the FX1 electric boat. As such, Forza has not yet demonstrated, and the success of Forza is wholly dependent upon, its ability
to commercialize its products. The successful commercialization of any products will require us to perform a variety of functions, including: 

completing the design and testing for the FX1 sport boat and Forza s proprietary outboard electric motor; 

manufacturing the FX1 sport boats; 

developing a vertically integrated direct-to-consumer distribution system; and 

conducting sales and marketing activities. 

Forza cannot be certain that its business strategy
for its electric-powered boats will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully
address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected,
and Forza may not have the resources to continue or expand the business operations of its electric-powered boats business. 

33 

Forza may be unable to adequately control the
capital expenditures and costs associated with our business and operations. 

Forza will require significant capital to develop
and grow our business, including developing its first boat to be manufactured, the FX1, as well as building its brand. Forza expects to
make additional capital expenditures and incur substantial costs as it completes the design and engineering of the FX1 and prepare to
commercially launch sales of its boats and grow its business, including research and development expenses, raw material procurement costs,
sales and distribution expenses as we build our brand and market its boats and general and administrative expenses as Forza scales its
operations, identifies and commits resources to investigate new areas of demand and incurs costs as a public company. Forza s ability
to become profitable in the future will not only depend on its ability to complete the design and development of its boats but also to
control its capital expenditures and costs. As Forza expands its product portfolio, it will need to manage costs effectively to sell those
products at our expected margins. If Forza is unable to cost efficiently design, manufacture, market, sell and distribute and service
its boats and provide its services, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially
and adversely affected. 

Forza s planned distribution model is
different from the predominant current distribution model for boat manufacturers, which subjects us to substantial risk and makes evaluating
our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows difficult. 

Forza s distribution model is still in the planning
stages. We, through Forza, currently plans to mainly sell its electric-powered boats directly to customers rather than through franchised
dealerships (unless required to do so by certain states), primarily through the Forza X1 website and app platform, subject to obtaining
applicable dealer licenses and equivalent permits in such jurisdictions. The digital customer experience via our online platform will
allow customers to research, shop, choose boat hull color, interior upholstery color, and a possible upgrade of an additional battery
to extend run times, order, track and take delivery through our web-based and app platform. Forza has not yet: (i) entered into any arrangements
with third parties to provide financing services through Forza X1 s web and app platform, (ii) hired staff for our intended support
and service department or (iii) partnered with any third parties to address service needs or operate service centers. Once the customer
places the order, their Forza X1 account will request several documents, including license, insurance, etc., which can be uploaded online
without ever speaking with a salesperson. If the customer has questions, concerns, or needs support through the sales and purchase process,
they will be able to contact Forza X1 through the website or app with any questions, concerns. 

Since Forza s planned sales and marketing platform
is a newer way to shop, buy and take delivery of a new boat through a mostly virtual process, we are unable to predict or conclude precisely
what the customer will experience. Forza intends to follow up customer transactions with review and quality control questionnaires to
collect the data and continue to better our platform and how we interact with customers. 

In addition to the Forza website and app platform,
Forza also intends to establish Forza X1 customer experience and service centers to be operated as product showrooms and locations where
Forza X1 boats may be taken for service and warranty repairs. They will be located in jurisdictions where direct-to-consumer sales or
manufacturer-owned dealerships are permissible and allow prospective customers to see our products in person before purchasing. Forza
anticipates staffing these centers with well-trained Forza X1 employees. Forza will initially set up a single office, but if and as its
grows, Forza plans to open additional customer experience and service centers to support our expansion, help bolster sales, and introduce
its electric boat product to markets across the country that are more familiar purchasing boats at a traditional boat dealership. 

This model of boat distribution is relatively new, different from the predominant
current distribution model for boat manufacturers and, with limited exceptions, unproven, which subjects us to substantial risk. We and
Forza has no experience in selling or leasing boats direct-to-consumer and therefore this model may require significant expenditures and
provide for slower expansion than the traditional dealer franchise system. For example, Forza will not be able to utilize long established
relationships developed by Twin Vee with its dealer network. Moreover, we Forza will be competing with companies with well established
distribution channels. Forza s success will depend in large part on its ability to effectively develop its own sales channels and
marketing strategies. 

Implementing a direct sales model is subject to numerous
significant challenges, including obtaining permits and approvals from government authorities, and we may not be successful in addressing
these challenges. If Forza s direct sales model does not develop as expected or develops more slowly than expected, it may be required
to modify or abandon our sales model, which could materially and adversely affect its business, prospects, financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows. 

34 

Forza s ability to generate meaningful
product revenue from its electric-powered boats will depend on consumer adoption of electric boats. 

Forza s ability to generate meaningful product
revenue from electric-powered boats will highly depend on sustained consumer demand for alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric
boats in particular. If the market for electric boats does not develop as expected or develops more slowly than expected, or if there
is a decrease in consumer demand for electric vehicles, Forza s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations
will be harmed. The market for electric and other alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly
changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation (including government incentives and
subsidies) and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Any number of changes
in the industry could negatively affect consumer demand for electric vehicles in general and Forza s electric boats in particular. 

In addition, demand for electric boats may be affected
by factors directly impacting boat prices or the cost of purchasing and operating boats such as sales and financing incentives including
tax credits, prices of raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel, availability of consumer credit, and governmental regulations,
including tariffs, import regulation and other taxes. Volatility in demand may lead to lower vehicle unit sales, which may result in downward
price pressure and adversely affect Forza s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, sales of
boats in the marine industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to increased volatility, especially as Forza expands
and adjust its operations and retail strategies. Specifically, it is uncertain how such macroeconomic factors will impact us as a new
entrant in an industry that has globally been experiencing a recent decline in sales. 

Other factors that may influence the adoption of electric
boats include: 

perceptions about electric vehicle quality, safety, design, performance and cost; 

perceptions about the limited range over which electric boats may be driven on a single battery charge; 

perceptions about the total cost of ownership of electric boats, including the initial purchase price and operating and maintenance costs, both including and excluding the effect of any government and other subsidies and incentives designed to promote the purchase of electric boats; 

perceptions about the sustainability and environmental impact of electric boats, including with respect to both the sourcing and disposal of materials for electric vehicle batteries and the generation of electricity provided in the electric grid; 

the availability of other alternative fuel boats; 

improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine; 

the quality and availability of service for electric boats; 

volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline; 

government regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy; 

access to charging stations and cost to charge an electric vehicle and related infrastructure costs and standardization; 

the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate electric boats or future regulation requiring increased use of nonpolluting boats; and 

macroeconomic factors. 

The influence of any of the factors described above
or any other factors may cause a general reduction in consumer demand for electric vehicles or Forza s electric boats in particular,
either of which would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

35 

Forza depends upon third parties to manufacture
and to supply key semiconductor chip components necessary for its electric boats. Forza does not have long-term agreements with any semiconductor
chip manufacturers and suppliers, and if these manufacturers or suppliers become unwilling or unable to provide an adequate supply of
semiconductor chips, with respect to which there is a global shortage, Forza would not be able to find alternative sources in a timely
manner and Forza s and our business would be adversely impacted. 

Semiconductor chips are a vital input component to the electrical architecture of electric
boats, controlling wide aspects of the Forza boats operations. Many of the key semiconductor chips Forza intends to use in its
electric boats come from limited or single sources of supply, and therefore a disruption with any one manufacturer or supplier in the
supply chain would have an adverse effect on our ability to effectively manufacture and timely deliver its boats. Forza does not have
any long- term supply contracts with any suppliers and purchase chips on a purchase order basis. Due to its reliance on these semiconductor
chips, Forza is subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in their supply. Forza in the process of identifying alternative
manufacturers for semiconductor chips. Forza has in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, semiconductor chip shortages,
and the availability and cost of these components would be difficult to predict. For example, Forza s manufacturers may experience
temporary or permanent disruptions in their manufacturing operations due to equipment breakdowns, labor strikes or shortages, natural
disasters, component or material shortages, cost increases, acquisitions, insolvency, changes in legal or regulatory requirements, or
other similar problems. 

In particular, increased demand for semiconductor chips in 2020, due in part
to the COVID-19 pandemic and increased demand for consumer electronics that use these chips, has resulted in a continued global shortage
of chips through 2022. As a result, Forza s ability to source semiconductor chips to be used in its electric boats has been adversely
affected. This shortage may result in increased chip delivery lead times, delays in the production of boats, and increased costs to source
available semiconductor chips. To the extent this semiconductor chip shortage continues, and Forza is unable to mitigate the effects of
this shortage, its ability to deliver sufficient quantities of its boats to fulfill its preorders and to support Forza s growth
through sales to new customers would be adversely affected. In addition, Forza may be required to incur additional costs and expenses
in managing ongoing chip shortages, including additional research and development expenses, engineering design and development costs in
the event that new suppliers must be onboarded on an expedited basis. Further, ongoing delays in production and shipment of electric boats
due to a continuing shortage of semiconductor chips may harm Forza s reputation and discourage additional preorders and boat sales,
and otherwise materially and adversely affect Forza s business and operations. 

The electric boats will use lithium-ion battery
cells, which, if not appropriately managed and controlled, have been observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flame. 

The battery packs within Forza s electric boats
are being designed to use of lithium-ion cells. If not properly managed or subject to environmental stresses, lithium-ion cells can rapidly
release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion
cells. While the battery pack is designed to contain any single cell s release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells,
a field or testing failure of battery packs in our electric boats could occur, which could result in bodily injury or death and could
subject Forza to lawsuits, field actions (including product recalls), or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and expensive
and could harm Forza s brand image. Also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for boating
applications, the social and environmental impacts of mineral mining or procurement associated with the constituents of lithium-ion cells,
or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells, such as a vehicle or other fire, could materially and adversely affect Forza s
reputation and business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

36 

The electronic vehicle (EV) industry and its
technology are rapidly evolving and may be subject to unforeseen changes which could adversely affect the demand for Forza s boats
or increase Forza s operating costs. 

Forza may be unable to keep up with changes in EV
technology or alternatives to electricity as a fuel source and, as a result, its competitiveness may suffer. Developments in alternative
technologies, such as advanced diesel, hydrogen, ethanol, fuel cells, or compressed natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of
the internal combustion engine or the cost of gasoline, may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not
currently anticipate. Existing and other battery cell technologies, fuels or sources of energy may emerge as customers preferred
alternative to Forza s boats. Any failure by Forza to develop new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes
in existing technologies, could materially delay its development and introduction of new and enhanced alternative fuel and EVs, which
could result in the loss of competitiveness of our electric boats, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. Forza s
research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to changes in alternative fuel and electric vehicle technology. As technologies
change, Forza plans to upgrade or adapt its electric boats with the latest technology. However, Forza s electric boats may not compete
effectively with alternative systems if Forza is not able to source and integrate the latest technology into its boats. Additionally,
the introduction and integration of new technologies into the electric boats may increase costs and capital expenditures required for
the production and manufacture of boats and, if Forza is unable to cost efficiently implement such technologies or adjust its manufacturing
operations, its business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. 

Forza may not be able to commence production
of our electric boats as planned. 

Forza currently plans to manufacture its electric boats at a new state of the
art carbon neutral factory that we plan to build in McDowell County, North Carolina. Until it is able to expand its manufacturing capacity
and build the planned manufacturing facility, it expects to continue to share Twin Vee s current manufacturing facility, which has
a limited capacity and may not be able to satisfy its manufacturing needs. Although they have entered into a Transition Services Agreement
with Twin Vee, the Transition Services Agreement does not provide for any dedicated manufacturing capacity for Forza. Forza s ability
to utilize Twin Vee s manufacturing capacity pending completion of its own facility will be subject to its availability as determined
by Twin Vee and Twin Vee has no obligation to make any manufacturing capacity available to Forza under the Transition Services Agreement.
As a result, its ability to produce any boats will be limited to the available capacity of the Twin Vee facility until Forza s future
manufacturing facility is operational. If Twin Vee does not provide manufacturing capacity, it will not be able to produce its electric
boats unless or until we lease or purchase facilities and equipment necessary for production purposes. Any facility that it builds will
require a significant capital investment and is expected to take at least one to two years to build and become fully operational. In addition,
even if the construction of its planned facility is completed when anticipated, production at its facility could be delayed whether due
to lack of equipment, workforce issues or other reasons. If Forza is unable to complete its own facility and commence production as planned,
its business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected and the
value of your investment in its company may be materially adversely affected. 

Forza may not receive the anticipated grant
funding . 

On July 28, 2022, Forza received notice that the North
Carolina Economic investment committee has approved the JDIG providing for reimbursement to us of up to 1,367,100 over a twelve-year
period to establish a new manufacturing plant in McDowell County, North Carolina. The receipt of grant funding is conditioned upon us
investing over 10.5 million in land, buildings and fixtures, infrastructure and machinery and equipment by the end of 2025 and us creating
as many as 170 jobs. Forza is currently in negotiations for a new site to build the Forza factory in North Carolina. There can be no assurance
that the negotiations will be successful. If unsuccessful, it will not meet the conditions necessary to receive the grant funding and
will be subject to the limited capacity at the Twin Vee factory that Twin Vee allows Forza, in its discretion, to use. There can be no
assurance that Forza will meet the conditions necessary to receive the grant funding. Forza is currently in negotiations for a new site
to build the Forza factory in North Carolina. There can be no assurance that the negotiations will be successful. 

37 

If Forza s electric boats fail to
perform as expected, its ability to develop, market and sell or lease its products could be harmed. 

Once commercialization commences, Forza s electric
boats may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to perform as expected or that may require repairs, recalls,
and design changes, any of which would require significant financial and other resources to successfully navigate and resolve. The boats
will use a substantial amount of software code to operate, and software products are inherently complex and may contain defects and errors
when first introduced. If the boats contain defects in design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require
repair, or certain features of the boats take longer than expected to become available, are legally restricted or become subject to additional
regulation, Forza s ability to develop, market and sell its products and services could be harmed. Although Forza will attempt to
remedy any issues it observes in its products as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts could significantly distract management s
attention from other important business objectives, may not be timely, may hamper production or may not be to the satisfaction of its
customers. Further, Forza s limited operating history and limited field data reduces its ability to evaluate and predict the long-term
quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics of its battery packs, powertrains and boats. There can be no assurance
that Forza will be able to detect and fix any defects in its products prior to their sale or lease to customers. 

Any defects, delays or legal restrictions on boat
features, or other failure of Forza s boats to perform as expected, could harm its reputation and result in delivery delays, product
recalls, product liability claims, breach of warranty claims and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse
impact on its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. As a new entrant to the industry attempting to build
customer relationships and earn trust, these effects could be significantly detrimental to us. Additionally, problems and defects experienced
by other electric consumer vehicles could by association have a negative impact on perception and customer demand for Forza s boats. 

In addition, even if Forza s boats function
as designed, Forza expects that the battery efficiency, and hence the range, of its electric boats, like other electric vehicles that
use current battery technology, will decline over time. Other factors, such as usage, time and stress patterns, may also impact the battery s
ability to hold a charge, or could require Forza to limit boat battery charging capacity, including via over-the-air or other software
updates, for safety reasons or to protect battery capacity, which could further decrease the boats range between charges. Such
decreases in or limitations of battery capacity and therefore range, whether imposed by deterioration, software limitations or otherwise,
could also lead to consumer complaints or warranty claims, including claims that prior knowledge of such decreases or limitations would
have affected consumers purchasing decisions. Further, there can be no assurance that Forza will be able to improve the performance
of its battery packs, or increase its boats range, in the future. Any such battery deterioration or capacity limitations and related decreases
in range may negatively influence potential customers willingness to purchase Forza boats and negatively impact its brand and reputation,
which could adversely affect Forza s business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Forza s boats will rely on software and
hardware that is highly technical, and if these systems contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects, or if Forza is unsuccessful
in addressing or mitigating technical limitations in its systems, its business could be adversely affected. 

Forza s boats are expected to rely on software
and hardware that is highly technical and complex and may require modification and updates over the life of the boats. In addition, the
boats will depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process and manage large amounts of data. Forza s
software and hardware may contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or design defects, and its systems are subject to certain technical limitations
that may compromise its ability to meet its objectives. Some errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects inherently may be difficult
to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Although Forza will attempt to remedy
any issues it observes in its boats effectively and rapidly, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or may not be to the
satisfaction of its customers. 

38 

Additionally, if Forza deploys updates to the software
(whether to address issues, deliver new features or make desired modifications) and its over-the-air update procedures fail to properly
update the software or otherwise have unintended consequences to the software, the software within its customers boats will be
subject to vulnerabilities or unintended consequences resulting from such failure of the over-the-air update until properly addressed. 

If Forza is unable to prevent or effectively remedy
errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or defects in its software and hardware, or fails to deploy updates to its software properly, it would suffer
damage to its reputation, loss of customers, loss of revenue or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect its business,
prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Intellectual Property
Risks 

Forza s patent
applications may not issue as patents, which may have a material adverse effect on its ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting
products similar to its products. 

Forza cannot be certain that
it is the first inventor of the subject matter to which it has filed a particular patent application, or that it is the first party to
file such a patent application. If another party has filed a patent application for the same subject matter as it has, it may not be entitled
to the protection sought by the patent application. Further, the scope of protection of issued patent claims is often difficult to determine.
As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that Forza files will issue, or that issued patents will afford protection
against competitors with similar technology. In addition, its competitors may design around Forza s issued patents, which may adversely
affect its and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We and Forza may not
be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

We and Forza may not be able
to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our and Forza s business and competitive
position. We and Forza rely on a combination of patent, trade secret (including those in our know-how), and other intellectual
property laws, as well as employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, intellectual property licenses, and other contractual rights
to establish and protect rights in our technology and intellectual property. Our and Forza s patent or trademark applications may
not be granted, any patents or trademark registrations that may be issued to us may not sufficiently protect our and Forza s intellectual
property and any of our or Forza s issued patents, trademark registrations or other intellectual property rights may be challenged
by third parties. Any of these scenarios may result in limitations in the scope of our or Forza s intellectual property or restrictions
on our or Forza s use of our intellectual property or may adversely affect the conduct of our or Forza s business. Despite
our or Forza s efforts to protect our or Forza s intellectual property rights, third parties may attempt to copy or otherwise
obtain and use our or Forza s intellectual property or seek court declarations that they do not infringe upon our or Forza s
intellectual property rights. Monitoring unauthorized use of our or Forza s intellectual property is difficult and costly, and the
steps we and Forza have taken or will take to prevent misappropriation may not be successful. From time to time, we and Forza may have
to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. 

Patent, trademark,
and trade secret laws vary significantly throughout the world. A number of foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Therefore, our and Forza s intellectual property rights may not be
as strong or as easily enforced outside of the United States. Failure to adequately protect our and Forza s intellectual property
rights could result in competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of competitive advantage and a
decrease in our and Forza s revenue which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

If Forza s patents
expire or are not maintained, Forza s patent applications are not granted or patent rights are contested, circumvented, invalidated
or limited in scope, Forza may not be able to prevent others from selling, developing or exploiting competing technologies or products,
which could have a material adverse effect on its and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

39 

Forza cannot assure that
its pending applications will issue as patents. Even if its patent applications issue into patents, these patents may be contested, circumvented
or invalidated in the future. In addition, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with adequate protection or
competitive advantages. The claims under any patents that issue from Forza s patent applications may not be broad enough to prevent
others from developing technologies that are similar or that achieve results similar to Forza s technology. The intellectual property
rights of others could also bar Forza from licensing and exploiting any patents that issue from Forza s pending applications. Numerous
patents and pending patent applications owned by others exist in the fields in which Forza has developed and are developing its technology.
Many of these existing patents and patent applications might have priority over its patent applications and could subject its patents
to invalidation or its patent applications to rejection. Finally, in addition to patents and patent applications that were filed before
its patents and patent applications, any of its existing or future patents may also be challenged by others on the basis that they are
invalid or unenforceable. 

We and Forza may in
the future become, subject to claims that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of our or Forza s
employees former employers. 

Many of our and Forza s
employees were previously employed by other companies with similar or related technology, products or services. We and Forza are, and
may in the future become, subject to claims that we, they or these employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets
or other proprietary information of former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we or Forza fail
in defending such claims, we or they may be forced to pay monetary damages or be enjoined from using certain technology, products, services
or knowledge. Even if we or they are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and demand
on management resources. 

Our and Forza s
use of open-source software in our applications could subject our proprietary software to general release, adversely affect our ability
to sell our and Forza s services and subject us to possible litigation, claims or proceedings. 

We and Forza plan to use
open-source software in connection with the development and deployment of our and Forza s products and services. Companies that
use open-source software in connection with their products have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the use of open-source software
and/or compliance with open-source license terms. As a result, we or Forza could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of
what are believed to be open-source software or claiming noncompliance with open- source licensing terms. Some open-source software licenses
may require users who distribute proprietary software containing or linked to open- source software to publicly disclose all or part of
the source code to such proprietary software and/or make available any derivative works of the open-source code under the same open- source
license, which could include proprietary source code. In such cases, the open- source software license may also restrict us or Forza from
charging fees to licensees for their use of our or Forza s software. While we and Forza will monitor the use of open-source software
and try to ensure that open-source software is not used in a manner that would subject our or Forza s proprietary source code to
these requirements and restrictions, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open-source license terms are often ambiguous
and have generally not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. 

Further, in addition to risks
related to license requirements, use of certain open-source software carries greater technical and legal risks than does the use of third-party
commercial software. For example, open-source software is generally provided as-is without any support or warranties or other
contractual protections regarding infringement or the quality of the code, including the existence of security vulnerabilities. To the
extent that our or Forza s platformer the platform of our subsidiaries depends upon the successful operation of open-source software,
any undetected errors or defects in open-source software that we or Forza use could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality
of our systems and injure our reputation. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for attackers to target
and compromise our or Forza s platform through cyber-attacks. Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect our
and Forza s business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

40 

A significant portion
of our and Forza s intellectual property is not protected through patents or formal copyright registration. As a result, neither
we nor Forza have the full benefit of patent or copyright laws to prevent others from replicating our or Forza s products, product
candidates and brands. 

We have not protected
our intellectual property rights with respect to our gas-powered boats through patents or formal copyright registration, and we do
not currently have any patent applications pending. There can be no assurance that any patent will issue or if issued that the
patent will protect our intellectual property. As a result, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property and trade
secrets or prevent others from independently developing substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or from
otherwise gaining access to our intellectual property or trade secrets. In such an instance, our competitors could produce products
that are nearly identical to ours or Forza s resulting in us selling less products or generating less revenue from our or
Forza s sales. 

Confidentiality agreements
with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

We and Forza rely on trade
secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protected by patents, to protect the intellectual property behind our boats and the intellectual
property behind Forza s electric powertrain and for the construction of its boats. We and Forza have recently begun to use confidentiality
agreements with our and its collaborators, employees, consultants, outside collaborators and other advisors to protect its proprietary
technology and processes. We and Forza intend to use such agreements in the future, but these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure
of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases we and Forza could not assert
any trade secret rights against such party. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope
of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our and Forza s competitive
business position. 

We and Forza may need to defend ourselves
against patent, copyright or trademark infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and would cause us and Forza to incur substantial
costs. 

The status of the protection
of our and Forza s intellectual property is unsettled as we and Forza do not have any issued patents, registered trademarks or registered
copyrights for most of our and Forza s intellectual property and other than three design, five utility and two full non-provisional
patent applications, neither we nor Forza have applied for the same. Companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors,
may hold or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our or Forza s ability
to make, use, develop, sell or market our powerboats and electric powertrains or use third-party components, which could make it more
difficult for us or Forza to operate. From time to time, we or Forza may receive communications from third parties that allege our or
Forza s products or components thereof are covered by their patents or trademarks or other intellectual property rights. Companies
holding patents or other intellectual property rights may bring suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise assert their rights.
If we or Forza are determined to have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we or Forza may be required to
do one or more of the following: 

cease making, using, selling or offering to sell processes, goods or services that incorporate or use the third-party intellectual property; 

pay substantial damages; 

seek a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; 

redesign our boats or other goods or services to avoid infringing the third-party intellectual property; 

establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services; or 

find-third providers of any part or service that is the subject of the intellectual property claim. 

In the event of a successful
claim of infringement against us or Forza and our or Forza s failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology
or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion
of resources and management attention. 

41 

Risks Related to our Industry 

Demand in the powerboat
industry is highly volatile. 

Volatility of demand in the
powerboat industry, especially for recreational powerboats and electric powerboats, may materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects, operating results and financial condition. The markets in which we will be competing have been subject to considerable volatility
in demand in recent periods. Demand for recreational powerboat and electric powerboat sales depends to a large extent on general, economic
and social conditions in a given market. Historically, sales of recreational powerboats decrease during economic downturns. We have fewer
financial resources than more established powerboat manufacturers to withstand adverse changes in the market and disruptions in demand. 

General economic conditions,
particularly in the U.S., affect our industry, demand for our products and our business, and results of operations . 

Demand for premium boat brands
has been significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, low consumer confidence, high unemployment, and increased market volatility
worldwide, especially in the U.S. In times of economic uncertainty and contraction, consumers tend to have less discretionary income and
tend to defer or avoid expenditures for discretionary items, such as our products. Sales of our products are highly sensitive to personal
discretionary spending levels. Our business is cyclical in nature and its success is impacted by economic conditions, the overall level
of consumer confidence and discretionary income levels. Any substantial deterioration in general economic conditions that diminishes consumer
confidence or discretionary income may reduce our sales and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. We cannot predict the duration or strength of an economic recovery, either in the U.S. or in the specific markets where
we sell our products. Corporate restructurings, layoffs, declines in the value of investments and residential real estate, higher gas
prices, higher interest rates, and increases in federal and state taxation may each materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Consumers often finance purchases
of our products. Although consumer credit markets have improved, consumer credit market conditions continue to influence demand, especially
for boats, and may continue to do so. There continue to be fewer lenders, tighter underwriting and loan approval criteria, and greater
down payment requirements than in the past. If credit conditions worsen, and adversely affect the ability of consumers to finance potential
purchases at acceptable terms and interest rates, it could result in a decrease in the sales of our products. 

Global economic conditions
could materially adversely impact demand for our products and services. 

Our operations and performance
depend significantly on economic conditions. Global financial conditions continue to be subject to volatility arising from international
geopolitical developments and global economic phenomenon, as well as general financial market turbulence, including a significant recent
market reaction to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), resulting in a significant reduction in many major market indices. Uncertainty about
global economic conditions could result in material adverse effects on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Access
to public financing and credit can be negatively affected by the effect of these events on U.S. and global credit markets. The health
of the global financing and credit markets may affect our ability to obtain equity or debt financing in the future and the terms at which
financing, or credit is available to us. These instances of volatility and market turmoil could adversely affect our operations and the
trading price of our common shares resulting in: 

customers postponing purchases of our products and services in response to tighter credit, unemployment, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values and other macroeconomic factors, which could have a material negative effect on demand for our products and services; and 

third-party suppliers being unable to produce parts and components for our products in the same quantity or on the same timeline or being unable to deliver such parts and components as quickly as before or subject to price fluctuations, which could have a material adverse effect on our production or the cost of such production. 

42 

Risks Relating to Ownership
of our Common Stock 

Terms of subsequent
financings may adversely impact your investment. 

We may have to engage in
common equity, debt, or preferred stock financing in the future. Your rights and the value of your investment in our securities could
be reduced. Interest on debt securities could increase costs and negatively impacts operating results. Preferred stock could be issued
in series from time to time with such designation, rights, preferences, and limitations as needed to raise capital. The terms of preferred
stock could be more advantageous to those investors than to the holders of common shares. In addition, if we need to raise more equity
capital from the sale of common shares, institutional or other investors may negotiate terms at least as, and possibly more, favorable
than the terms of your investment. Common shares which we sell could be sold into any market which develops, which could adversely affect
the market price. 

If securities analysts
do not publish research or reports about our company, or if they issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our
common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about our company and our industry.
We may be unable or slow to attract research coverage and if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility
in the market. In addition, one or more of these analysts could downgrade our common stock or issue other negative commentary about our
company or our industry. As a result of one or more of these factors, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

The obligations associated with being a
public company will require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 

As a result of our initial public offering, we
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual,
quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things,
that we establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. As a result, we have and will continue
to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not previously incur. 

We have identified
weaknesses in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional
material weaknesses will not occur in the future. 

As a public company, we will be subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue
to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming and costly, and
place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things,
that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting. 

We do not yet have effective disclosure controls and
procedures, or internal controls over all aspects of our financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with
the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and in accordance with GAAP. Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. We will be required to expend time and resources to further improve our internal controls over financial
reporting, including by expanding our staff. However, we cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting, as modified,
will enable us to identify or avoid material weaknesses in the future. 

We will be required to expend time and resources to
further improve our internal controls over financial reporting, including by expanding our staff. However, we cannot assure you that our
internal control over financial reporting, as modified, will enable us to identify or avoid material weaknesses in the future. 

43 

We have not yet retained sufficient staff or engaged
sufficient outside consultants with appropriate experience in GAAP presentation, especially of complex instruments, to devise and implement
effective disclosure controls and procedures, or internal controls. We will be required to expend time and resources hiring and engaging
additional staff and outside consultants with the appropriate experience to remedy these weaknesses. We cannot assure you that management
will be successful in locating and retaining appropriate candidates; that newly engaged staff or outside consultants will be successful
in remedying material weaknesses thus far identified or identifying material weaknesses in the future; or that appropriate candidates
will be located and retained prior to these deficiencies resulting in material and adverse effects on our business. 

Our current controls and any new controls that we
develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business, including increased complexity resulting from our international
expansion. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future.
Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm
our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements
for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect
the results of management reports and independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial reporting
that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls
and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
is not required to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging
growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that
is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed
or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have a material
and adverse effect on our business and operating results and cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

Our failure to achieve
and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as a public
company could have a material adverse effect on our business and share price . 

Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, starting with the year
ending December 31, 2022, and our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
for such year. Additionally, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined by the JOBS Act, our independent registered
public accounting firm will be required pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting on an annual basis. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our
internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation. 

Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We are in the process of reviewing, documenting, and
testing our internal control over financial reporting, but we are not currently in compliance with, and we cannot be certain when we will
be able to implement, the requirements of Section 404(a). We may encounter problems or delays in implementing any changes necessary to
make a favorable assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we may encounter problems or delays in completing
the implementation of any public accounting firm after we cease to be an emerging growth company. If we cannot favorably assess the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified
attestation report on our internal controls after we cease to be an emerging growth company, investors could lose confidence in our financial
information and the price of our common stock could decline. 

Additionally, the existence
of any material weakness or significant deficiency requires management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate
any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies in a timely manner. The existence of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could also result
in errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations, and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely
affect our business and share price. 

44 

For as long as we are
an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including those relating to accounting
standards and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including, but not limited to, (i) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and (iii) exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
of stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We have elected to adopt these reduced disclosure requirements.
We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage of these exemptions and
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We could remain an emerging
growth company for up to five years or until the earliest of (a) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross
revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (b) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
last business day of our most recently completed fiscal quarter, and (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the preceding three-year period. 

We are also a smaller
reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act, and have elected to take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available
to smaller reporting companies. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company as such term is
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, certain of the exemptions
available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting company, 
including exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements pursuant to SOX and reduced disclosure about our executive
compensation arrangements. We will continue to be a smaller reporting company until we have 250 million or more in
public float (based on our common stock) measured as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or,
in the event we have no public float (based on our common stock) or a public float (based on our common stock) that is less than 700
million, annual revenues of 100 million or more during the most recently completed fiscal year. 

Our common stock price
may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the initial
public offering price. 

The price of our common stock
has experienced volatility. On August 15, 2022, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq was 7.94 per share, on December 19,
2022, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq was 1.67 per share It is possible that an active trading market will not continue
or be sustained, which could make it difficult for investors to sell their shares of our common stock at an attractive price or at all. 

Volatility in the market
price of our common stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their shares at or above the price you paid for them. Many factors,
which are outside our control, may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly, including those described elsewhere
in this Risk Factors section and this Annual Report, as well as the following: 

Our operating and financial performance and prospects; 

Our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; 

Conditions that impact demand for our products; 

Future announcements concerning our business or our competitors businesses; 

The public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

The size of our public float; 

Coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations; 

Market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

Strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

45 

Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect our industry or us; 

Changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

Changes in senior management or key personnel; 

Issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales of our capital stock; 

Changes in our dividend policy; 

Adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and 

Changes in general market, economic, and political conditions in the U.S. and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war, geopolitical events, including civil or political unrest (such as the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia), inflation and responses to such events. 

As a result, volatility in
the market price of our common stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their common stock at or above the initial public offering
price or at all. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low.
As a result, investors may suffer a loss on your investment. 

Additionally, recently, securities
of certain companies have experienced significant and extreme volatility in stock price due to short sellers of shares of common
stock, known as a short squeeze. These short squeezes have caused extreme volatility in those companies and in the market
and have led to the price per share of those companies to trade at significantly inflated rates that is disconnected from the underlying
value of the company. Many investors who have purchased shares in those companies at an inflated rate face the risk of losing a significant
portion of their original investment as the price per share has declined steadily as interest in those stocks have abated. While we have
no reason to believe our shares would be the target of a short squeeze, there can be no assurance that we won t be in the future,
and investors may lose a significant portion or all of their investment if you purchase our shares at a rate that is significantly disconnected
from our underlying value. 

We do not intend to
pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We presently have no intention
to pay dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will
be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition,
cash requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Furthermore, our ability
to declare and pay dividends may be limited by instruments governing future outstanding indebtedness we may incur. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
your ability to buy and sell our common shares, which could depress the price of our shares. 

FINRA rules require broker-dealers
to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common
shares, which may limit an investor s ability to buy and sell our shares, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares and,
thereby, depress their market prices. 

Volatility in our common
shares price may subject us to securities litigation. 

The market for our common
shares may have, when compared to seasoned issuers, significant price volatility, and we expect that our share price may continue to be
more volatile than that of a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class
action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in the future, be the
target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s
attention and resources. 

46 

Provisions in our corporate
charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult
and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions in our corporate
charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that stockholders
may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions could
also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market
price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team,
these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more
difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things included in these provisions: 

our board of directors is divided into three classes, one class of which is elected each year by our stockholders with the directors in each class to serve for a three-year term; 

the authorized number of directors can be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

directors may be removed only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty percent (60 of our voting stock, whether for cause or without cause; 

our bylaws may be amended or repealed by our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of our stockholders; 

stockholders may not call special meetings of the stockholders or fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

our board of directors will be authorized to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock, the rights of which will be determined at the discretion of the board of directors and that, if issued, could operate as a poison pill to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer to prevent an acquisition that our board of directors does not approve; 

our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, and therefore our stockholders holding a majority of the shares of common stock outstanding will be able to elect all of our directors; and 

our stockholders must comply with advance notice provisions to bring business before or nominate directors for election at a stockholder meeting. 

Moreover, because we are
incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a
person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the
date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination
is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Our Certificate of
Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain types of state actions
that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a
claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability
or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore,
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

These exclusive-forum provisions
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
employees, control persons, underwriters, or agents, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, employees, control persons,
underwriters, or agents. Additionally, a court could determine that the exclusive forum provision is unenforceable, and our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If a court
were to find these provisions of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions
or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

47 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company leases its office and production facilities,
and the land which are located at 3101 S US-1, Fort Pierce, Florida from Visconti Holdings, LLC. Visconti Holdings, LLC is a single member
LLC that holds the ownership of the property, and its sole member is Joseph C Visconti, our CEO . We entered into the lease on January
1, 2020, and as amended January 1, 2021, the lease has a term of five years. The current base rent payment is 31,500 per month
including property taxes and the lease required a 25,000 security deposit. The base rent will increase five percent (5 on the
anniversary of each annual term. We have engaged in several building improvement projects during the last year. 

Forza currently shares our corporate headquarters. 

While we believe these headquarters are adequate for
our current operations and needs, we do believe that the capacity at the facility will not be sufficient to support both our full scale
production and Forza s full scale production. Forza is currently designing a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant to be built in
McDowell County, North Carolina as its future boat manufacturing facility. The initial phase of our new factory will be 50,000 square
feet, that will have a capacity of 550 units annually. The site has been cleared and the rough grading is approximately 80 complete. 

In August of
2022, Forza signed a six-month lease for a duplex, to be used by its employees to minimize travel expense as it started construction on
its new manufacturing facility, for 2,200 per month, on a property in Black Mountain, North Carolina. 

In October of 2022, we signed a two-year lease agreement,
on a 8,800 square foot warehouse facility in Old Fort, North Carolina to begin building our prototype engines. The monthly base rent will
be 7,517 the first year, including taxes and common area maintenance, the lease required a 7,517 security deposit. The bases rent will
increase three (3 on the anniversary of the annual term. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become involved in legal
proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings
that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
financial condition or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement
costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable 

48 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC under the symbol VEEE since July 21, 2021. The last price of our common stock
as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market LLC on March 28, 2023 was 1.85 per share. 

Stockholders 

We have two classes of stock, undesignated preferred
stock and 0.001 par value common stock. No shares of preferred stock have been issued or are outstanding. As of March 24 ,
2023, we had 297 common stock stockholders of record. The number of holders of record is based on
the actual number of holders registered on the books of our transfer agent and does not reflect holders of shares in street name 
or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by depository
trust companies. 

On May 13, 2021, the Company effected a forty-thousand
(40,000)-for-one stock split to the shareholders of record as of May 13, 2021. The stock split was in the form of a common stock
dividend of 3,999,900 new shares and all share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. 

Dividend Policy 

We did not pay a cash dividend during the 2022 or
2021 fiscal years. We presently intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the development and growth of our business and operations
and do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to
the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing
conditions, including our operating results, financial condition, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects,
and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock
is Interwest Transfer Company, Inc. (also known as Direct Transfer LLC). 

Performance Graph and Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Use of Proceeds 

On July 23, 2021, we closed our initial public offering
pursuant to which we offered and sold 3,000,000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of 6.00 per share (for aggregate gross
proceeds of 18,000,000), pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (as amended) (File No. 333-255134), which was declared effective
by the SEC on July 20, 2021, as amended by the Registration Statement on Form S-1 MEF (File No. 333-258058) filed with the SEC on July
20, 2021 and effective as of the date of filing. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 1,260,000, and
other offering expenses payable by us of approximately 1,567,150, we received approximately 15,849,037 in net proceeds from our initial
public offering. ThinkEquity LLC acted as the representative of the several underwriters for the offering. We also granted a 45-day option
to the representative of the underwriters to purchase up to 450,000 additional shares of common stock solely to cover over-allotments,
if any, which expired unexercised. 

At the time of the initial public offering, the primary
use of the net proceeds was as follows: (i) approximately 1,500,000 for production and marketing of our larger fully equipped boats.;
(ii) approximately 2,500,000 for the design, development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of our new line of electric boats; (iii)
approximately 6,000,000 for the design, development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of our fully electric propulsion system; (iv)
approximately 3,500,000 for acquisition of waterfront property and development of the Electra Power Sports- EV Innovation Testing
Center, in Fort Pierce, Florida to build, design and manufacture our electric propulsion systems; and (v) the balance for working capital. 

49 

It was originally anticipated that we would retrofit
a gas-powered boat with an electric motor that would be designed by us and that we would also sell the motors to other third-party boat
manufacturers to retrofit their boats. The retrofitting would require extensive development, testing and manufacturing of multiple variations
of electric motors. However, consumer preference in the electric marine market was and is trending towards a single purchase of a fully
integrated electric boat rather than a retrofitted existing gas and diesel fuel powered boat with electric outboard motors and battery
packs. Therefore, we decided not to continue designing electric motors for retrofitting, resulting in us no longer needing any funding
for the design, development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of our fully electric propulsion system and instead those funds are
anticipated to be used for working capital needs. 

Further, we originally anticipated that we would acquire
waterfront property for a testing center in Fort Pierce, the price of real estate in Florida has prohibited us from moving forward. Therefore,
we decided to use the 3,500,000 of funds to build additional manufacturing space at our Fort Pierce location. 

The remaining planned use of proceeds has not changed
since the initial public offering. 

Recent Sale
of Unregistered Securities 

We did not sell
any equity securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in transactions that were not registered under the Securities
Act other than as disclosed in our filings with the SEC. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no issuer purchases of equity securities
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Twin Vee 

On April 8, 2021, our board of directors and our stockholders
approved the Twin Vee PowerCats Co. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan , as amended and restated on June 1, 0221 (the 2021 Plan ).
The following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022 with respect to options outstanding under the 2021 Plan. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Equity Compensation Plan Options 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Equity Compensation Plan Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,283,571 
 4.14 
 65,429 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 1,283,571 
 4.14 
 65,429 

50 

2021 Stock Incentive Plan 

See Executive Compensation and Director Compensation Employee
Benefit and Stock Plans 2021 Stock Incentive Plan in Part III, Item 10 for a description of the Twin Vee PowerCats Co. 2021
Stock Incentive Plan. 

Forza 

On August 12, 2022, we adopted the Forza X1, Inc.
2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022 with respect
to options outstanding under the 2022 Plan. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Equity Compensation Plan Options 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Equity Compensation Plan Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,500,000 
 3.41 
 58,500 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 1,500,000 
 3.41 
 58,500 

2022 Stock Incentive Plan 

See Executive Compensation and Director Compensation Employee
Benefit and Stock Plans 2022 Stock Incentive Plan in Part III, Item 10 for a description of the Forza X1, Inc. 2022 Stock
Incentive Plan. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion, which focuses on our results
of operations, contains forward-looking information and statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated
or anticipated, as discussed in the section entitled Forward Looking Statements. The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations should also be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to financial statements
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Company Overview 

We are a designer, manufacturer and marketer of recreational
and commercial power catamaran boats. We believe our company has been an innovator in the recreational and commercial power catamaran
industry. We currently have 16 gas-powered models in production ranging in size from our 24-foot, dual engine, center console to our newly
designed 40-foot offshore 400 GFX. Our twin-hull catamaran running surface, known as a symmetrical catamaran hull design, adds to the
Twin Vee ride quality by reducing drag, increasing fuel efficiency, and offering users a stable riding boat. We have additionally, launched
the LFG Marine line of monohull boats which are expected to appeal to first-time boat buyers, the freshwater market, and consumers that
prefer a monohull boat, increasing our potential customer base significantly across the nation and moving us outside on the niche catamaran
market. Twin Vee s home base operations in Fort Pierce Florida is a 7.5-acre facility with several buildings totaling over 75,000
square feet. We currently employe approximately 170 employees, 2022, some of whom have been with our company for over twenty years. 

We have organized our business into three operating
segments: (i) our gas-powered boat segment which manufactures and distributes gas-powered boats; (ii) our electric-powered boat segment
which is developing fully electric boats, through our majority held subsidiary, Forza and (iii) our franchise segment which is developing
a standard product offering and will be selling franchises across the United States through our wholly owned subsidiary, Fix My Boat,
Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

51 

Our gas-powered boats allow consumers to use them
for a wide range of recreational activities including fishing, diving and water skiing and commercial activities including transportation,
eco tours, fishing and diving expeditions. We believe that the performance, quality and value of our boats position us to achieve our
goal of increasing our market share and expanding the power catamaran boating market. We currently primarily sell our boats through a
current network of 20 independent boat dealers in 27 locations across North America and the Caribbean who resell our boats to the end
user Twin Vee customers. We continue recruiting efforts for high quality boat dealers and seek to establish new dealers and distributors
domestically and internationally to distribute our boats as we grow our production and introduce new models. Our gas-powered boats are
currently outfitted with gas-powered outboard combustion engines. 

We believe that the boating industry will follow in
the footsteps of the electrification of the automotive industry by creating electric boats that meet or exceed the traditional boating
consumer s expectations of price, value and run times. In other words, electric boats must offer a similar experience when compared
to traditional gas-powered boats in terms of size, capability, and price point. 

To date, we have completed the design of the 25-foot
FX dual console model, including hull, deck and small parts. This design has gone from an intellectual concept in CAD to fiberglass and
foam plugs, fiberglass molds and, finally, working boat parts in just over one year. On October 28, 2022, the running surface of the boat
and all major components were tested successfully for several hours on the Indian River Lagoon in Fort Pierce, Florida. While the motor
and control systems have been successfully trialed previously, this was the first voyage including all major components, production batteries,
fully functioning alpha engine design, control system - including 22 Garmin screen, and Osmosis telematics unit.
The performance of the boat exceeded all expectations and will provide a great baseline for improvements, iterations, and design enhancements.
We ultimately reached over thirty miles per hour. 

Subsequent to the initial prototype boat, we have
built four more prototypes: two more FX-style catamarans, one deck boat and one 22-foot center console monohull. The engine design and
lower units and the control system cabling have been revamped and improved in each iteration. The monohull will feature a single battery
and the deck boat will, like the FX, utilize a two-battery system. The batteries and engines are liquid-cooled and unique improvements
to the heat exchanges have improved performance. We have now completed our telematics unit design and we have a beta app on the Apple
app store. This will allow for remote monitoring of all of the parameters of the battery and engine for both the end user and the factory.
Additionally, we have improved our user interface through the Garmin control screen to provide well-designed pages showing operating characteristics
and conformance to control parameters. 

We continue to anticipate revenues from the sale of
these fully integrated electric boats and motors to commence in late 2023. Forza will continue to build prototype engines and boats for
the next six to nine months. 

In September of 2021 launched our wholly owned subsidiary,
Fix My Boat Inc. Fix My Boat, will be the first nationally branded, mobile marine service company utilizing a franchise model for marine
mechanics across the country. 

We have not experienced material adverse effects on
our business due to increasing inflation, it has raised operating costs for many businesses and, in the future, could impact demand for
our products, foreign exchange rates or employee wages. Inflation rates, particularly in the United States, have increased recently
to levels not seen in years, and increased inflation may result in increases in our operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced
liquidity and limits on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise capital. In addition, the Federal Reserve has raised, and may
again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in
financial markets may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty may impact consumer spending for products like our. 

Financial Condition 

Our consolidated balance sheet indicates a strong
financial position as of December 31, 2022. We finished the year with revenue up 103 over the prior year. Our cash, cash equivalents
and marketable securities were 26.4 million at December 31, 2022. Our property, plant, and equipment along with prepaid expenses went
up notably, as we have invested in additional boat molds for new model, equipment to support our increased production levels, and leasehold
improvements to improve the quality of our products. 

52 

While we have largely returned to normal operations,
the COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause challenges. During fiscal 2022, we experienced supply chain disruptions and an overall increase
in the price of raw materials and other components used in our production. We also incurred higher labor costs and challenges to fill
open positions due to a highly competitive job market. Additionally, we experienced periodic operational disruptions as our employees
contracted or were potentially exposed to COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the impact the pandemic may have on our future results
of operations or financial condition. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table provides certain selected financial information for
the years presented: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net sales 
 31,987,724 
 15,774,170 
 16,213,554 
 103 
 
 Cost of products sold 
 21,330,918 
 9,498,384 
 11,832,534 
 125 
 
 Gross profit 
 10,656,806 
 6,275,786 
 4,381,020 
 70 
 
 Operating expenses 
 16,678,514 
 7,906,507 
 8,772,007 
 111 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (6,021,708 
 (1,630,721 
 (4,390,987 
 269 
 
 Other income 
 228,294 
 619,712 
 (391,418 
 (63 
 
 Net loss 
 (5,793,414 
 (1,011,009 
 (4,782,405 
 473 

Basic and dilutive loss per share of common stock 
 (0.76 
 (0.19 
 (0.57 
 301 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 
 7,624,938 
 5,331,400 

Net Sales and Cost Sales 

Our net sales increased 16,213,554, or 103 to 31,987,724
for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 15,774,170 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We attribute the large increase in net sales
to a continued strong economy during 2022, along with our investment in the growth of our sales and marketing assets throughout 2022.
That paired with our ability to increase our production capacity by over 100 year over year. The number of boats sold during fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 increased 59 over the number of our boats sold during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally,
we have increased our sale prices to help offset the increases in operating expenses, which includes increased labor cost, in addition
to increased inventory levels due to the additional models we now produce and to protect against supply chain shortages. Our average revenue
per unit for the year ended December 31, 2022 is up approximately 31 over revenue per unit for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
average revenue per unit increase, is not only due to our increase in sales prices, but we also attribute this increase to a shift in
our model mix. In 2021 our sales were spread evenly across our 26 and 31 Classics and our 24 and 28 GFX models. In 2022, we discontinued
the remaining Twin Vee Classic lines and made the 260 and 340 GFX models available. We saw sales across all models increase in 2022. We
did see a shift back to sales on our smallest unit, the 240 GFX, which accounted for approximately 40 of our total sales, compared to
25 in 2021. The 260 GFX, went from approximately 27 of our total sales, down to 18 in 2022. The 280 GFX remained consistent with 2021,
while the 340 GFX increased from 3 in 2021 to 12 in 2022. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profits increased by 4,381,020, or 70 to 10,656,806
for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6,275,786 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of sales, for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 33 and 40 respectively. We attribute the 7 decline in gross profit percentage to increased
cost of raw materials and purchased components, as well as a onetime cycle count adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2022. As we prepared
to go live on our new ERP system, we have been reviewing on hand inventory, and making corrections. As we have brought all new models
to the market over the last 2 years, we had been left with noncurrent inventory. The cycle count adjustment for the year ended December
31,2022 was approximately 1,459,650, compared to 608,728 for the prior year, accounting for 3 of the overall decline. We anticipate
continued pressure on our gross profit percentage due to price increases on raw materials and purchased components. 

53 

Total Operating Expenses 

Our total operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were 16,678,514 and 7,906,507 respectively. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales were 52 compared to 50 in
the prior year. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased
by approximately 60 , or 1,033,279 to 2,759,624 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,726,345 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The large portion of the increase resulted from expenses totaling 422,776, incurred from being publicly traded company, which
Twin Vee only incurred for a portion of 2021, and we did not incur in 2021 for Forza, directors and officers insurance, filing fees, legal
expenses and investor relations costs. We also incurred significant increases to our liability insurance and workers compensation insurance
totaling 275,416, due to our increased revenue levels and increased wages. Travel and meals expense increased 115,277, many of Forza s
employees work remotely and those employees needed to be on site to build our prototypes. Our Delaware state tax attributed to 95,122
of the increase. Numerous other items make up the remaining 124,689 of increased selling, general and administrative expense increase. 

Salaries and wage related expenses increased by approximately
113 , or 6,067,970 to 11,457,569 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5,389,599 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in salaries and wages of 4,263,341 was the result of aggressively ramping up of production, which required increasing our
production and adding mid-level staff. Included in salaries and wages for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a non-cash stock-based
compensation expense of 1,448,751, which was an increase of 1,138,920 from the prior year, due to the issuance of options to employees.
We have also incurred production and executive bonus expense increase of 39,083 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our cost of benefits,
primarily health insurance and 401K, increased by approximately 235,144, due to our increase in headcount. Expenses for board fees increased
by 95,792 in 2022, during the year ended December 31, 2021 we only incurred board fees for a portion of the year for Twin Vee, and we
did not incur any board fees for Forza. The remaining increase of salaries and wages during the year ended December 31, 2021 was associated
with payroll taxes and benefits. 

Professional fees increased by 154 , or 585,108
to 966,037 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 380,928 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was
primarily due to the additional costs we incurred associated with being a public company and included an increase in audit, legal
and related consulting fees to fulfill our public company SEC reporting obligations, as well as preparation for our merger with Twin
Vee PowerCats, Inc. 

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased by 179 , or 355,227 to 553,750 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 198,523 in December 31, 2021. Since
our IPO in 2021 we have made significant investments in equipment, leasehold improvements and boat molds that resulted in an increased
our depreciation expense. 

Research and design expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022, was 941,533 compared to 211,111, for the year ended December 31, 2021. These expenses are associated with our development
of our electric propulsion system for Forza. We anticipate further increases in our research and design expense in 2023. 

Other income decreased by 63 , or 391,418 to 228,294 for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to 619,712 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in other income is primarily the result of 608,224
in government grant income associated with our PPP loan that was recognized in 2021, this was partially offset in 2022, by the ERC credit
of 355,987 we received. In 2021 we recorded a net gain from insurance recovery of 180,124, which we did not have in 2022. We incurred
an increase in net loss in fair value of our marketable securities of 133,988, due to the poor financial market. For the year ended December
31, 2022 we received 165,877 in dividend income, compared to 0 in 2021, and we received interest income of 85,939 compared to 146
in 2021, and increase of 85,793 as a result of increased interest rates on our cash and marketable securities. For the year ended December
31, 2022 we did see an increase in interest expense of 27,446. Our interest expense also includes finance fees, that we pay third-party
finance companies on behalf of our dealers, increase sales to dealers that utilize finance companies naturally drove these fees up during
2022. 

54 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was
 5,793,414, compared to 1,011,009 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We have spent much of the last two years assembling the tools
and people necessary to increase production levels. While our revenue levels increased, our expenses also increased. That coupled with
the additional expenses associated with being a public company and our research and development efforts for our electric boat division,
resulted in a net loss for 2022. With these investments, we are building the foundation for our future, not only for our gas powered boats,
but also for our electric boat division. We continue to deal with the fallout of the global pandemic, as well as the impact of additional
costs of growth, but are encouraged by our continued increase in revenue. Basic and dilutive loss per share of common stock increased
for the year ended December 31, 2022,to 0.76) compared to 0.19) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

A primary source of funds for the year ended December
31, 2022 was net cash received from our secondary offering, as well as Forza s initial public offering and revenue generated from
operations. Our primary use of cash was related to funding the expansion of our operations through capital improvements, adding staff
and increasing inventory levels to meet the increase in demand for our products. With uncertainty on component availability, prolonged
lead time and rising prices, we have been adding to our inventory far earlier than previous years. 

The following table provide selected financial data
about us as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 23,501,007 
 6,975,302 
 
 Marketable securities 
 2,927,518 
 6,064,097 
 
 Current assets 
 29,887,529 
 13,073,346 
 
 Current liabilities 
 3,791,063 
 2,155,420 
 
 Working capital 
 26,096,466 
 10,917,926 

As of December 31, 2022, we had sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet
ongoing expenses for at least twelve months from the date of the filing of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2022, we had 26,428,525
of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, total current assets of 29,887,529, and total assets of 38,231,480. Our total liabilities
were 5,210,591. Our total liabilities were comprised of current liabilities of 3,791,063 which included accounts payable of 2,065,680
and accrued liabilities of 1,240,769, contract liability of 5,300 due to affiliated companies of 0 and current portion of operating
lease right of use liability of 479,314, and long-term liabilities of 1,419,528. As of December 31, 2021, we had 6,975,302 of cash
and cash equivalents, marketable securities of 6,064,097, total current assets of 13,073,346 and total assets of 20,599,184. Our total
current liabilities were 2,155,420 and total liabilities of 3,899,484 which included long-term operating lease liabilities for the lease
of our facility. 

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents
will provide sufficient resources to finance operations for the next 12 months. In addition to cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities, we anticipate that we will be able to rely, in part, on cash flows from operations in order to meet our liquidity and
capital expenditure needs in the next year. We do anticipate Forza s expenses to increase during the next two years as it
constructs its planned manufacturing facility in McDowell, North Carolina, the cost of which we expect will be paid for through the
proceeds of Forza s initial public offering, and certain grant funding, provided the conditions to receipt of the grant
funding are met, of which there can be no assurance. 

Cash Flow 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (4,146,030 
 (1,947,539 
 (2,198,491 
 (113 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (195,605 
 (8,037,264 
 7,841,659 
 98 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 20,867,340 
 16,068,289 
 4,799,051 
 30 
 
 Cash at end of year 
 23,501,007 
 6,975,302 
 16,525,705 
 237 

55 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities
was 4,146,030 compared to 1,947,539 during the year ended December 31, 2021. We have increased inventory levels by 2,208,563, due to
supply chain delays that continue to impact lead time and parts availability, and due to our increased product offerings. Our net loss
from operation was 5,793,414, was decreased by non-cash expenses of approximately 2,593,713, primarily due to stock-based compensation
of 1,448,751, depreciation of 553,750, change of right-of-use asset and lease liabilities of 397,136, net change in fair value of marketable
securities of 133,988 and a loss on the disposal of assets of 60,088. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our accounts payable and
accrued liabilities increased 1,648,774, due to our increase in inventory. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our operating lease
liabilities decreased 390,050. Prepaid expenses decreased by 21,339 and contract liabilities decreased by 8,800. Accounts receivable
increased by 9,030. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 195,605
for investment activities, compared to 8,037,264 used during the year ended December 31, 2021. We increased our property and equipment
by 3,365,679, this was funded through the sales of investments of 3,002,591. The majority of the property and equipment purchased were
molds for our boat production, for both Forza and Twin Vee, investing an additional 2,229,674. We also spent approximately 531,858 on
machinery and equipment, these improvements include a new CNC machine, infusion equipment, cranes, hoists, production carts and other
equipment. We spend an additional 193,350 to complete the upgrade the wiring in the building so it would support our new production levels,
we installed new lighting and ventilation to improve the overall quality of our product and we built of breakroom for our employees. We
additionally spent approximately 284,509 on computer hardware and software. We sold a thermoform machine for 175,000, in order to free
up space for our manufacturing processes. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities
was 20,867,340, compared to 16,068,289 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities primarily
came from net proceeds from Forza s initial public offering of 14,934,989 which included the noncontrolling interest of 5,241,317
and net proceeds from our secondary offering of 6,001,836. We had repayments of debt and advancements from Twin Vee Inc., which was a
 69,485 net payment associated with. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

We believe that several accounting policies are important
to understanding our historical and future performance. We refer to these policies as critical because these specific areas
generally require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are uncertain at the time we make the estimate, and different
estimates which also would have been reasonable could have been used, which would have resulted in different financial results. 

Our management s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis,
we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and make various assumptions, which management believes to be reasonable under
the circumstances, which form the basis for judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

The notes to our consolidated financial statements
contained herein contain a summary of our significant accounting policies. We consider the following accounting policies critical to the
understanding of the results of our operations: 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company accounts for revenue in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 which was adopted
at the beginning of fiscal year 2018 using the modified retrospective method. The Company did not recognize any cumulative-effect adjustment
to retained earnings upon adoption as the effect was immaterial. 

56 

Payment received for the future sale of a boat to
a customer is recognized as a customer deposit, which is included in contract liabilities on the balance sheet. Customer deposits are
recognized as revenue when control over promised goods is transferred to the customer. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Included in those estimates
are assumptions about allowances for inventory obsolescence, useful life of fixed assets, warranty reserves and bad-debt reserves. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Net realizable value is defined as sales price less cost of completion,
disposable and transportation and a normal profit margin. Production costs, consisting of labor and overhead, are applied to ending finished
goods inventories at a rate based on estimated production capacity. Excess production costs are charged to cost of products sold. Provisions
have been made to reduce excess or obsolete inventories to their net realizable value. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Management assesses the recoverability of its long-lived
assets when indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present, recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing
the undiscounted net cash flows estimated to result from those assets over the remaining life to the assets net carrying amounts.
If the estimated undiscounted net cash flows are less than the net carrying amount, the assets would be adjusted to their fair value,
based on appraisal or the present value of the undiscounted net cash flows. 

Product Warranty Costs 

As required by FASB ASC Topic 460, Guarantees ,
the Company is including the following disclosure applicable to its product warranties. 

The Company accrues for warranty costs based on the
expected material and labor costs to provide warranty replacement products. The methodology used in determining the liability for warranty
cost is based upon historical information and experience. The Company s warranty reserve is calculated as the gross sales multiplied
by the historical warranty expense return rate. 

Leases 

The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases Topic 842 ), using the modified retrospective adoption method with an effective date
of January 1, 2019. This standard requires all lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at
the present value of the lease payments. 

Under Topic 842, the Company applied a dual approach
to all leases whereby the Company is a lessee and classifies leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether
or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the Company. Lease classification is evaluated at the inception of the lease agreement. 

57 

Paycheck Protection Program 

U.S. GAAP does not contain authoritative accounting
standards for forgivable loans provided by governmental entities to a for-profit entity. Absent authoritative accounting standards, interpretative
guidance issued and commonly applied by financial statement preparers allows for the selection of accounting policies amongst acceptable
alternatives. Based on the facts and circumstances, the Company determined it most appropriate to account for the Paycheck Protection
Program PPP loan proceeds as an in-substance government grant by analogy to International Accounting Standards 20 (IAS
20) , Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance . Under the provisions of IAS 20, a
forgivable loan from government is treated as a government grant when there is reasonable assurance that the entity will meet the terms
for forgiveness of the loan. IAS 20 does not define reasonable assurance however, based on certain interpretations,
it is analogous to probable as defined in FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20-20 under U.S. GAAP, which is the definition the Company
has applied to its expectations of PPP loan forgiveness. Under IAS 20, government grants are recognized in earnings on a systematic basis
over the periods in which the Company recognizes costs for which the grant is intended to compensate (i.e., qualified expenses). Further,
IAS 20 permits for the recognition in earnings either (1) separately under a general heading such as other income, or (2) as a reduction
of the related expenses. The Company has elected to recognize government grant income separately within other income to present a clearer
distinction in its financial statements between its operating income and the amount of net income resulting from the PPP loan and forgiveness. 

Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation Allowance 

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740
 Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for
certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations . 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We did not have during the periods presented, and
we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable because we
are a smaller reporting company. 

58 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Twin
Vee Powercats Co. and subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDTAED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To The Board of Directors and the Stockholders of 

 Twin Vee Powercats Co. and Subsidiaries 

 Fort Pierce, Florida 

Opinion on the Financial Statement 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial
statements of Twin Vee PowerCats Co. and Subsidiaries (the Company ), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets at December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 29, 2023 

F- 2 

TWIN VEE POWERCATS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Marketable securities 

Inventories 

Deferred offering costs 

Due from affiliated companies 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities - non current 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Security deposit 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Due to affiliated companies 

Operating lease right of use liability 

Total current liabilities 

Economic Injury Disaster Loan 

Operating lease liability - noncurrent 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock: authorized; par value; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock: authorized; par value; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Equity attributed to stockholders of Twin Vee PowerCats Co, Inc. 

Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

TWIN VEE POWERCATS CO. AND SUSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of products sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Salaries and wages 

Professional fees 

Depreciation and amortization 

Research and design 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Gain from insurance recovery 

Net change in fair value of marketable securities 

Government grant income 

Total other income 

Loss before income tax 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributed to stockholders of Twin Vee PowerCats Co, Inc. 

Basic and dilutive loss per share of common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

TWIN VEE POWERCATS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued for payment on behalf of Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. 

Common stock issued for cash 

Subsidiary share issuance 

Stock-based compensation 

Merger of Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

TWIN VEE POWERCATS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Impairment loss 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of asset 

Gain on government grant 

() 
 
 Change of right-of-use asset 

Net change in fair value of marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Inventories 

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Contract liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Security deposit 

() 

Net sales (purchases) of investment in trading marketable securities 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Net proceeds from Twin Vee issuance of common stock 

Net proceeds from Forza issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Advances from related parties 

() 

Repayment to related parties 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Increase in the right-of-use asset 

Common stock issued for payment on behalf of Twin Vee Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

TWIN VEE POWERCATS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

stock
split to the shareholder of record as of May 13, 2021. The stock split was in the form of a common stock dividend of new
shares and all share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. 

and , respectively, which is recorded
as contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. These deposits are expected to be recognized as revenue within a one-year
period. 

are at risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and
 , respectively, in excess of FDIC insured limits. 

and , respectively. 

Less: Payments made 

Add: Provision for current years warranty 

Balance as of end of year 

and , respectively,
and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

upon completion of an analysis providing reasonable assurance that the Company met the conditions set forth
in the CARES Act. The employee retention credit is recorded in government grant income on the consolidated statement of operations during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Certificates of Deposits 

Total marketable securities 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
(Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 Significant Nonobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Marketable securities: 

Corporate Bonds 

Certificates of Deposits 

Total marketable securities 

The Company s investments in corporate bonds,
commercial paper and certificated of deposits are measured based on quotes from market makers for similar items in active markets. 

Inventory in transit 

Work in Process 

Finished Product 

Total Inventory 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Software and website development 

Computer hardware and software 

Boat molds 

Vehicles 

Electric prototypes and tooling 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation and amortization expense of property
and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. 

years. The current base rent
payment is per
month including property taxes and the lease required a security
deposit. The base rent will increase five percent (5 on the anniversary of each annual term. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, supplemental balance
sheet information related to leases were as follows: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating lease liabilities: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Total 

At December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments
under the non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2025 

Total lease payment 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

The following summarizes other supplemental information about the Company s
operating lease: 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

at December 31, 2022. 

The Company leases a warehouse facility, and the land
which are located at 150 Commerce Street, Old Fort, North Carolina (the Property from NC Limited Liability Company. The
Company entered into the lease on October 7, 2022, the lease has a term of two years. The current base rent payment is per
month including property taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance. The lease required a security deposit. The base rent
will increase three percent (3 on October 15, 2023. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, supplemental balance
sheet information related to leases were as follows: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating lease liabilities: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Total 

At December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments
under the non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: 

2024 

Total lease payment 

Less imputed interest 

() 
 
 Total 

The following summarizes other supplemental information about the Company s
operating lease: 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Accrued interest 

Accrued bonus 

Accrued rebates 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued operating expense 

Accrued inventory 

Warranty reserve 

Total accrued liabilities 

under the PPP provided by SunTrust/Trust Bank. The loan bears interest
at and has an initial deferment period wherein no payments are due until the application for forgiveness is submitted, not to
exceed ten months from the covered period. After the deferment period, if the loan is not forgiven under the terms of the PPP, the loan
and interest will be paid back over the remaining period through maturity in March 2026. Funds from the loan may only be used for payroll
costs, costs used to continue group health care benefits, mortgage payments, rent, utilities, and interest on other debt obligations.
When it applied for the loan, the Company believed it would qualify to have the loan forgiven under the terms of the PPP and therefore
consider the loan to be substantively a conditional government grant to be accounted for using an analogy to IAS 20. 

As the Company believes that it completed the required
activities by utilizing the PPP proceeds for payroll and other qualified expenditures prior to December 31, 2021, it has recognized PPP
government grant income for the full amount of the PPP loan, 608,224, and no liability for the PPP loan is reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

. The loan is in response to the COVID - 19
pandemic. The loan is a -year loan with an interest rate of , monthly payments of to begin October 22, 2022,
under the EIDL program, which is administered through the SBA. Under the guidelines of the EIDL, the maximum term is 30 years; however,
terms are determined on a case-by-case basis based on each borrower s ability to repay and carry an interest rate of 3.75 . The
EIDL loan has an initial deferment period wherein no payments are due for thirty months from the date of disbursement. The
EIDL loan may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The proceeds from this loan must be
used solely as working capital to alleviate economic injury caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

As part of the
EIDL loan, the Company granted the SBA a continuing security interest in and to any and all collateral to secure payment and performance
of all debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company to the SBA under the EIDL loan. The collateral includes substantially all tangible
and intangible personal property of the Company. 

A summary of the minimum maturities of term debt follows
for the years set forth below. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

,
together with a simple interest rate of on the balance of principal remaining unpaid. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company repaid 27,850. At December 31, 2021, the outstanding amount of the note payable was . 

As discussed in note 5, the Company has leased its
facilities from a company owned by its CEO. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received
a cash payment in the amount of from Boat Fuji, Inc., a company owned by Joseph Visconti, our chief executive officer, for
future technical website support expenses to be incurred by us on behalf of Boat Fuji, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we
paid to certain affiliate companies or on their behalf, including (i) that was repaid to Boat Fuji, Inc. due to a decrease
in the estimated expenses to be paid by us on its behalf, (ii) of franchise fee development expenses paid by us on behalf
of My Boat MD, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc and (iii) of expenses paid to Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc.
for reimbursement of telephone, internet and other similar expenses incurred by it on our behalf. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded
 of professional fees, for consulting work for Twin Vee performed by Jim Leffew, the Chief Executive Officer of Forza. 

In connection
with the closing of Forza s initial public offering, we entered into a transition services agreement (the Transition Services
Agreement with Forza, pursuant to which we agreed to provide Forza, at our cost, with certain services, such as procurement, shipping,
receiving, storage and use of our facility until Forza s new planned facility is completed. Forza s ability to utilize our
manufacturing capacity pending completion of its own facility will be subject to its availability as determined by us. The Transition
Services Agreement operates on a month-to-month basis. 

In 2021, the Company had purchases of , from
a related party. The Company paid to our parent company, Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc., to purchase a 36-foot used catamaran boat. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company received cash of and from its affiliate companies, and paid and to its
affiliate companies, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded management fees of and , respectively, paid to its majority shareholder company, Twin Vee PowerCats,
Inc. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares valued at for payment on behalf of our former Parent company. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances from affiliated
companies included in due to affiliated companies was and , respectively. Approximately of the balance is related
to an equipment purchase, the remaining balance was related to startup costs for our franchise business. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Twin Vee
received a monthly fee of to provide management services and facility utilization to Forza. This income for Twin Vee, and
expense for Forza, has been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. 

or 67 units, and or
24 units, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company incurred no impact from repurchase events during
the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021. 

Short-term lease 

In August of 2022, Forza signed a six-month lease
for a duplex, to be used by its employees to minimize travel expense as it started construction on its new manufacturing facility, for
 per month, on a property in Black Mountain, North Carolina. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the lease expense was
 . 

Litigation 

The Company is currently involved in various civil
litigation in the normal course of business none of which is considered material. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at
a public offering price of per share, for gross proceeds of , before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions
and offering expenses. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has also issued
to the underwriter warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. The warrants will be exercisable at a per share
exercise price of . 

Common Stock Warrants 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding
 warrants. warrants at a weighted-average exercise price of per share that were issued to the representative
of the underwriters on July 23, 2021, in connection with the Company s initial public offering that closed on July 23, 2021 (the
 IPO ). The representative s warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, and expire
on July 20, 2026. warrants at exercise price of were issued in connection with
the Offering. Warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the four- and one-half year period
commencing 180 days from the commencement of sales of the shares of common stock in this offering. 

There was no warrant activity during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan 

The Company maintains an
equity compensation plan (the Plan under which it may award employees, directors and consultants incentive and non-qualified
stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and other stock-based awards with terms established by the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors which has been appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan. The number of awards under the Plan
automatically increased on January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares remaining available for grant
under this Plan. 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock Compensation Expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company recorded and , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense, which is included in salaries and
wages on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Stock Options 

Under the Company s
2021 Stock Incentive Plan the Company has issued stock options. A stock option grant gives the holder the right, but not the obligation
to purchase a certain number of shares at a predetermined price for a specific period of time. The Company typically issues options that
vest pro rata on a monthly basis over various periods. Under the terms of the Plan, the contractual life of the option grants may not
exceed ten years. 

The Company utilizes the
Black-Scholes model to determine fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant. The Company utilized the following assumptions for
option grants during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

years 
 - years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

The expected volatility of the option is determined
using historical volatilities based on historical stock price of comparable boat manufacturing companies. The Company estimated the expected
life of the options granted based upon historical weighted average of comparable boat manufacturing companies. The risk-free interest
rate is determined using the U.S. Department of the Treasury yield curve rates with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the
option. The Company has never paid a dividend, and as such the dividend yield is 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable options, December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, Twin Vee options
are unvested and expected to vest over the next four years. 

Forza 

Common Stock Warrants 

As of December 31, 2022, Forza had outstanding warrants
to purchase shares of common stock issuable at a weighted-average exercise price of per share that were issued
to the representative of the underwriters on August 16, 2022 in connection with the Company s IPO. The representative s warrants
are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, and expire on August 16, 2027. There was no warrant activity during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan 

The Company maintains an
equity compensation plan (the Plan under which it may award employees, directors and consultants incentive and non-qualified
stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and other stock-based awards with terms established by the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors which has been appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the plan. The number of awards under the Plan
will automatically increase on January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares remaining available for grant
under this Plan. Stock based compensation expense is included in the Statements of Operations, under salaries and wages. 

Accounting for Stock -Based Compensation 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Forza
recorded and , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense, which is included in salaries and wages on the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Stock Options 

Under Forza s 2022
Stock Incentive Plan (the Forza Plan ), Forza has issued stock options. A stock option grant gives the holder the right,
but not the obligation to purchase a certain number of shares at a predetermined price for a specific period of time. Forza typically
issues options that vest pro rata on a monthly basis over various periods. Under the terms of the Forza Plan, the contractual life of
the option grants may not exceed ten years. 

Forza utilizes the Black-Scholes
model to determine fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant. Forza utilized the following assumptions for option grants
during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

The expected volatility of the option is determined
using historical volatilities based on historical stock price of comparable boat manufacturing companies. Forza estimated the expected
life of the options granted based upon historical weighted average of comparable boat manufacturing companies. The risk-free interest
rate is determined using the U.S. Department of the Treasury yield curve rates with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the
option. Forza has never paid a dividend, and as such the dividend yield is 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable options, December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, Forza options
are unvested and expected to vest over the next three years. 

of our total sales, and one customer represented 12 of total sales.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, five individual customers had sales of over of our total sales and combined these five customers
represented 67 of total sales. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, we purchased substantial portion of materials from two third-party vendors (27 ). As of December 31, 2022, the
amount due to the vendors was . During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased substantial portion of materials from two
third-party vendors (454 ). As of December 31, 2021, the amount due to the vendors was . The Company believe there are other suppliers
that could be substituted should the supplier become unavailable or non- competitive. 

and
gain from insurance recovery of , during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Forza X1 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has established a valuation allowance
against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. During year ended December 31, 2021,
the Twin Vee valuation allowance increased by approximately and the Forza X1 valuation allowance increased by approximately
 . The Company has net operating and economic loss carry-forwards of approximately million available to offset future
federal and state taxable income. 

A reconciliation between expected income taxes, computed
at the federal income tax rate of 21 applied to the pretax accounting loss, and our blended state income tax rate of 2 , and the income
tax net expense included in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Tax at state rate net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for taxes 

The Company s tax positions for 2019 to 2021
have been analyzed and concluded that no liability for unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded related to uncertain tax positions
taken on returns filed for open tax years. Tax returns for the years 2019 to 2021, are subject to review by the tax authorities. 

Denominator: 

For basic net loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive stock options 

For diluted net losse per share - weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net loss per share -Basic: 

Net loss per share 

Net loss per share - Diluted: 

Net loss per share 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all
potentially dilutive securities were antidilutive. 

The following table shows information by reportable
segments for the three and year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Cost of products sold 

Operating expense 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Net loss 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Gas-Powered Boats 
 Franchise 
 Electric Boat and Development 
 Total 
 
 Net sales 

Cost of products sold 

Operating expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Property and equipment, net classified by business were as follows: 

Franchise 

Electric-Boats 

F- 23 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have adopted
and maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that
are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed under the Exchange Act, such
as this Annual Report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules of
the SEC. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such a date, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective d ue to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, related to not yet having retained sufficient staff or engaged sufficient outside consultants with appropriate experience
in GAAP presentation, especially of complex instruments, to devise and implement effective disclosure controls and procedures over internal
controls. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)
under the Exchange Act as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Management conducted an assessment of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework and criteria established by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) (COSO). Based on the assessment, management
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. 

The Company has material weaknesses pertaining to
controls that address segregation of duties across financially relevant functions and applications used in financial reporting. We have
concluded that these material weaknesses existed because, as a small company, we did not have the necessary business processes, systems,
personnel, and related internal controls necessary to satisfy the accounting and financial reporting requirements of a public company. 

We are in the process of implementing measures designed
to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate these material weaknesses. The Company s plan to remediate
the material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting includes increasing staffing with its finance department sufficient
to facilitate proper segregation of accounting functions and to enable appropriate review of its internally prepared financial statements. 

59 

Remediation Plan 

Management has developed
and is executing a remediation plan to address the previously disclosed material weaknesses, due to inadequate staffing levels. We are
actively recruiting for a full-time Controller and have retained a full time Staff Accountant; we have selected and are working on implementing
a robust operating system and we are utilizing the assistance of outside advisors where appropriate. 

To remediate the existing
material weaknesses, additional time is required to demonstrate the effectiveness of the remediation efforts. The material weaknesses
cannot be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded,
through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. As of December 31, 2022, controls and procedure have been implemented
to remediate the material weakness, however testing of controls continues. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we hired
additional staff in our finance department and have developed and refined our controls and other producers that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file with the SEC are recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and in accordance with GAAP. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report by Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. Grassi ), our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding internal control
over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to audit by our
independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

60 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Information About our Executive Officers and Directors 

Our business and affairs are organized under the direction
of our board of directors, which currently consists of six members. 

The following table sets forth the names, ages and
positions of our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Annual Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers: 

Joseph C. Visconti 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Preston Yarborough 
 
 43 
 
 Vice President and Director 
 
 Carrie Gunnerson 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Non-Employee Directors: 

Bard Rockenbach (1)(2)(3) 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 James Melvin (1)(2)(3) 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Neil Ross (1)(2)(3)(6) 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Kevin Schuyler (1)(2)(3)(4)(5) 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

(1) Member of the audit committee 

 (2) Member of the compensation committee 

(3) Member of the corporate governance and nominating
committee 

 (4) Chair of audit committee 

(5) Chair of compensation committee 

 (6) Chair of corporate governance and nominating committee 

Executive Officers 

Joseph Visconti has been our Chief Executive
Officer, President and Chair of the Board since 2015. Mr. Visconti also serves as the Chair of the Board and Chief of Product Development
of Forza. With over 25 years of executive level operational and financial experience, Mr. Visconti was the founder, CEO and President
of two previous companies, the first company was a regional Investment Bank that he built to over 400 employees and sold in 2000. The
second company was ValueRich, a financial media company that was taken public on the American Stock Exchange in 2007. ValueRich transitioned
from media related business to Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. in 2015. Mr. Visconti has experience building teams of professionals with a focus
on product development and bringing those products to market. Mr. Visconti received his Associate s degree from Lynn University
in 1984. We believe that Mr. Visconti s experience leading us and our majority shareholder company and his operational and financial
experience makes him well qualified to be a director of the Company. 

Preston Yarborough has been our Vice President
since our inception, our Director since August 2010 and has acted as the Director of Product Development of our majority shareholder company
since August 2010. We believe Mr. Yarborough s history and experience developing products and managing the development of new products
with us and our majority shareholder company make him a valuable member of our board and management. 

Carrie Gunnerson has been our Chief Financial
Officer since October 2021. Ms. Gunnerson, operated Gunnerson Consulting from August 1, 2020 until September 30, 2021, specializing
in financial consulting for small to midsized organization. Since February 6, 2023, Ms. Gunnerson also serves as the interim Chief financial
Officer of Forza and she served as the Chief Financial Officer of Forza from October 15, 2021 until its initial public offering in August
2022. Ms. Gunnerson served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Art s Way Manufacturing Co., Inc. Art s
Way from October 18, 2007 until July 21, 2020, as its Chief Financial Officer from July 2004 until January 2012 and interim from
September 2012 until January 22, 2015 and again from May 31, 2018 until February 1, 2020. Prior to joining Art s Way in 2004, from
2001 until 2004 Ms. Gunnerson was employed by Tyco Plastics Inc., where she was responsible for all of the functions of a controller.
Ms. Gunnerson was named a director of the Farm Equipment Manufacturers Association, from November 2016 through July 2020. 

61 

Independent Directors 

Bard Rockenbach has been a member of our Board
of Directors since November 7, 2021. Mr. Rockenbach has been a practicing attorney for 33 years. Since January 2005, he has been the managing
partner of Burlington Rockenbach, P.A., a trial and appellate litigation law firm in West Palm Beach, Florida. Before forming Burlington
 Rockenbach, P.A., Rockenbach was a solo practitioner and also worked for insurance defense law firms throughout Florida. Mr. Rockenbach
is board certified by the Florida Bar Association in appellate practice and has over 250 published decisions. In addition to his legal
experience, Mr. Rockenbach has served on the Board of Directors of the Appellate Practice Section of the Florida Justice Association as
both a chairman and a director. He was also the chairman of the Palm Beach County Bar Association Technology Committee. Mr. Rockenbach
has a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the University of Florida and a Juris Doctor from the Stetson University College of Law. 

We believe Mr. Rockenbach s broad understanding
of business and legal matters, as well as his passion for boats and sailing, make him an invaluable member of our Board and well qualified
to be a director of the Company. 

James Melvin has been a member of our
Board of Directors since April 8, 2021. Mr. Melvin, a multiple class world and national sailboat champion, is an innovative designer of
yachts and aircrafts. He founded Morrelli Melvin in 1992, a design and engineering company specializing in sailboats and yachts
and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since its inception. Since October 2019, he has served as the President of Pro Coach Boats
LLC, a company he founded that manufacturer and sells boats, and since May 2019, he has served as the Chief Technology Officer of Argo
Rocket Marine LLC, a provider of space industry marine services and products. Mr. Melvin received his degree in Aerospace Engineering
from Boston University. 

We believe that Mr. Melvin s expertise in designing
boats and aircraft and managing all aspects of a boat company, as well as his passion for boats and sailing make him an invaluable member
of our Board and well qualified to be a director of the Company. 

Neil Ross has been a member of our Board
of Directors since April 8, 2021. He has over 30 years of experience in launching products and companies and promoting and growing brands.
He has served as the Chief Executive Officer of James Ross Advertising since founding it in February 2003. Most notably, Neil has extensive
marine experience partnering with brands like Galati Yachts Sales, Jefferson Beach Yacht Sales, Allied Marine, Bertram Yachts, Twin Vee,
Jupiter Marine and Sealine to name a few. Mr. Ross received his Bachelor s degree from Florida State University. 

We believe Mr. Ross experience in the yacht
and boating industry as well as his expertise in brand awareness and growth makes him well qualified to be a director of the Company. 

Kevin Schuyler, CFA has been a member of our
Board of Directors since July 2022. Mr. Schuyler is the Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Lead Independent Director of Adial
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADIL) where he has served as a director since April 2016. He currently also serves as a senior managing
director at CornerStone Partners, a full-service institutional CIO and investment office located in Charlottesville, VA, with approximately
 10 billion under management. Prior to joining CornerStone Partners in 2006, he held various positions with McKinsey Company, Louis
Dreyfus Corporation and The Nature Conservancy. Mr. Schuyler serves on various boards and committees of Sentara Martha Jefferson Hospital,
the US Endowment for Forestry and Communities, and Stone Barns Center. He is a member of the investment committee of the Margaret A.
Cargill Philanthropies. Mr. Schuyler graduated with honors from Harvard College and received his MBA from The Darden Graduate School
of Business at the University of Virginia. He is a member of the Chartered Financial Analyst Society of Washington, DC. We selected Mr.
Schuyler to serve on our board of directors because he brings extensive knowledge of the financial markets. 

We believe Mr. Schuyler s business background
provides him with a broad understanding of the financial markets and the financing opportunities available to us. 

Significant Employee 

Jim Leffew was appointed as President of Forza
in December 2021. Mr. Leffew served as the Senior Vice President, Manufacturing of Maverick Boat Group, Inc. from September 1999 until
April 2021, where he was responsible for overseeing manufacturing operations and over 450 direct employees at a company with over 125
million in sales. Prior to joining Maverick Boat Group, Inc., from September 1994 to September 1999 he was a Facilities Director at the
Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution where he directed all construction and maintenance needs for an over 500,000 square foot mixed-use
space and managed a budget exceeding 5 million a year. Mr. Leffew received his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the
University of Central Florida in July 1987. Mr. Leffew s history and experience manufacturing products, budgeting and forecasting
and managing direct employees will make him a valuable member of our management. 

62 

Family Relationships 

No family relationships exist between any director,
executive officer or person nominated or chosen to be a director or officer. 

Board of Directors Composition 

Our board of directors currently consists of six members.
The number of directors will be fixed by our board of directors, subject to the terms of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
Each of our current directors will continue to serve as a director until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until
his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that our
board of directors is divided into three (3) classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each
annual meeting of stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Our current
directors are divided among the three (3) classes as follows: 

the Class I directors are Neil Ross and Bard Rockenbach, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025; 

the Class II directors are James Melvin and Preston Yarborough, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023; and 

the Class III directors are Kevin Schuyler and Joseph Visconti, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024. 

At each annual meeting of stockholders, upon the expiration
of the term of a class of directors, the successor to each such director in the class will be elected to serve from the time of election
and qualification until the third annual meeting following his or her election and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified,
in accordance with our certificate of incorporation. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors
will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of our directors. 

This classification of our board of directors may
have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control of our company. 

In addition, under the terms of our certificate of
incorporation and our bylaws, members of our board of directors may only be removed for cause. This may also have the effect of delaying
or preventing changes in control of our company. 

Director Independence 

Our common stock has traded The Nasdaq Capital Market,
or Nasdaq, under the symbol VEEE since July 21, 2021. Under the rules of Nasdaq, independent directors must comprise a majority
of a listed company s board of directors within one year of the completion of its initial public offering. In addition, the rules
of Nasdaq require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and corporate governance
and nominating committees be independent. Audit committee members and compensation committee members must also satisfy the independence
criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 and Rule 10C-1, respectively, under the Exchange Act. Under the rules of Nasdaq, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person
does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director. 

To be considered to be independent for purposes of
Rule 10A-3 and under the rules of Nasdaq, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity
as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board of directors committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly,
any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or (2) be an affiliated person
of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

To be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10C-1
and under the rules of Nasdaq, the board of directors must affirmatively determine that each member of the compensation committee is independent,
including a consideration of all factors specifically relevant to determining whether the director has a relationship to the company which
is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee
member, including, but not limited to: (i) the source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or other
compensatory fee paid by the company to such director; and (ii) whether such director is affiliated with the company, a subsidiary
of the company or an affiliate of a subsidiary of the company. 

63 

Our board of directors undertook a review of its composition,
the composition of its committees and the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship
with us that could compromise his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon
information requested from and provided by each non-employee director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including
family relationships, our board of directors has determined that none of Messrs. Rockenbach, Ross, Melvin, and Schuyler have relationships
that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these
directors is independent as that term is defined under the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 and Rule 10C-1 under
the Exchange Act. 

In making these determinations, our board of directors
considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances
our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each
non-employee director, and the transactions involving them described in Part III, Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Board of Directors Leadership Structure 

Our Chief Executive Officer serves as our Chairman
of the Board. Our Board does not have a lead independent director. Our Board has determined its leadership structure is appropriate and
effective given our stage of development. 

Board of Directors Committees 

We currently have an audit committee, a compensation
committee and a corporate governance and nominating committee, each of which have the composition and the responsibilities described below.
The following table shows the directors who are currently members or Chairman of each of these committees. 

Board Members 
 
 Audit 
 Committee 
 
 Compensation 
 Committee 
 
 Corporate 
 Governance and Nominating 
 Committee 
 
 Bard Rockenbach 
 
 Member 
 
 Member 
 
 Member 
 
 James Melvin 
 
 Member 
 
 Member 
 
 Member 
 
 Neil Ross 
 
 Member 
 
 Member 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Kevin Schuyler 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Member 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee consist of Bard
Rockenbach, James Melvin, Neil Ross and Kevin Schuyler. Mr. Schuyler serves as the chair of our audit committee. All of the members of
the audit committee are independent, as that term is defined under the rules of Nasdaq. The primary purpose of the audit committee is
to oversee the quality and integrity of our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audit of our financial statements. Specifically,
the audit committee will: 

select and hire the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 

help to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

approve audit and non-audit services and fees; 

review financial statements and discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited and quarterly financial statements, the results of the independent audit and the quarterly reviews and the reports and certifications regarding internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls; 

prepare the audit committee report that the SEC requires to be included in our annual proxy statement; 

review reports and communications from the independent registered public accounting firm; 

review the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and disclosure controls and procedure; 

review our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

review related party transactions; and 

establish and oversee procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of accounting related complaints and the confidential submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. 

64 

Our audit committee operates under a written charter
that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. The Board has determined that Mr. Schuyler is an audit
committee financial expert, as such term is used in Section 407 of Regulation S-K. 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee consists of Bard Rockenbach,
James Melvin, Neil Ross and Kevin Schuyler. Mr. Schuyler serves as the chair of our compensation committee. All of the members of our
compensation committee are independent, as that term is defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Our compensation committee oversees our compensation
policies, plans and benefits programs. The compensation committee also: 

oversees our overall compensation philosophy and compensation policies, plans and benefit programs; 

reviews and recommends to our board of directors for approval compensation for our executive officers and directors; 

prepares the compensation committee report that the SEC would require to be included in our annual proxy statement if we were no longer deemed to be an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company; and 

administers our equity compensation plans. 

Our compensation committee operates under a written
charter that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The members of our corporate governance and nominating
committee consist of Bard Rockenbach, James Melvin, Neil Ross and Kevin Schuyler. Neil Ross serves as the chair of our corporate governance
and nominating committee. Each is independent, as that term is defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Our corporate governance and nominating
committee oversees and assists our board of directors in reviewing and recommending nominees for election as directors. Specifically,
the corporate governance and nominating committee: 

identifies, evaluates and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding nominees for election to our board of directors and its committees; 

considers and make recommendations to our board of directors regarding the composition of our board of directors and its committees; 

reviews developments in corporate governance practices; 

evaluates the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and reporting; and 

evaluates the performance of our board of directors and of individual directors. 

Our corporate governance and nominating committee
operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

Risk Oversight 

In its governance role, and particularly in exercising
its duty of care and diligence, the board of directors is responsible for ensuring that appropriate risk management policies and procedures
are in place to protect the company s assets and business. Our board of directors has broad and ultimate oversight responsibility
for our risk management processes and programs and executive management is responsible for the day-to-day evaluation and management of
risks to the Company. 

65 

Code of Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a written code of conduct and ethics
that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on our
website at www.twinvee.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions
or our directors on our website identified above. The inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report does not include or incorporate
by reference the information on our website into this Annual Report. We will provide any person, without charge, upon request, a copy
of our code of conduct and ethics. Such requests should be made in writing to the attention of Glenn Sonoda, Secretary, Twin Vee PowerCats
Co., 3101 US-1 Fort Pierce, Florida 34982. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide
that we will indemnify our directors and officers, and may indemnify our employees and other agents, to the fullest extent permitted by
Delaware law. Delaware law prohibits our certificate of incorporation from limiting the liability of our directors for the following: 

any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or to our stockholders; 

acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; and 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

If Delaware law is amended to authorize corporate
action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director, then the liability of our directors will be eliminated or
limited to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as so amended. Our certificate of incorporation does not eliminate a director s
duty of care and, in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies, such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief, remain available
under Delaware law. This provision also does not affect a director s responsibilities under any other laws, such as the federal
securities laws or other state or federal laws. Under our bylaws, we will also be empowered to purchase insurance on behalf of any person
whom we are required or permitted to indemnify. 

In the case of an action or proceeding by or in the
right of our company or any of our subsidiaries, no indemnification will be provided for any claim where a court determines that the indemnified
party is prohibited from receiving indemnification. We believe that these charter and bylaw provisions are necessary to attract and retain
qualified persons as directors and officers. 

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their
fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action,
if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. Moreover, a stockholder s investment may be harmed to the extent we pay the
costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or
otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. There is no pending litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers as to which
indemnification is being sought, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification
by any director or officer. 

In addition to the indemnification that will be provided
for in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the employment agreements with certain of our executive officers include indemnification
provisions providing for rights of indemnification as set forth in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

66 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Our named executive officers for the year ended December
31, 2022, which consisted of our principal executive officer and the next most highly compensated executive officers, were: 

Joseph C. Visconti , President and Chief Executive Officer 

Preston Yarborough , Vice President 

Carrie Gunnerson ,
Chief Financial Officer 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the compensation that was paid to our named executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Joseph C. Visconti 
 2022 
 250,000 
 300,000 
 1,990,196 
 44,356 (2) 
 2,584,552 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 235,276 
 200,965 
 671,276 
 28,271 (2) 
 1,135,788 

Preston Yarborough 
 2022 
 160,000 
 42,167 
 
 21,030 (3) 
 211,197 
 
 Vice President 
 2021 
 145,577 
 58,359 
 335,638 
 9,261 (3) 
 548,835 

Carrie Gunnerson 
 2022 
 187,462 
 73,300 
 107,516 
 12,080 (4) 
 380,358 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 39,088 
 16,406 
 227,617 
 
 283,111 

(1) 
 Options issued pursuant to the Twin Vee 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and the Forza 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. The amounts in the Option Awards column reflect the dollar amounts of the grant date fair value for the financial statement reporting purposes for stock options for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with ASC 718. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes model. For a discussion of the assumptions used in computing this valuation, see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Consists of 30,000 of car expense paid and 14,356 of health insurance expense paid in 2022 and 12,692 of car expenses and 15,579 of health insurance expenses paid in 2021. 

(3) 
 Consists of 12,000 of car expenses paid and 9,030 of health insurance expense paid in 2022 and 5,077 of car expenses and 4,184 of health insurance paid in 2021. 

(4) 
 Consists of 12,080 of health insurance expense paid in 2022. 

67 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End (December 31, 2022) 

The following table provides information about the
number of outstanding equity awards held by each of our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (Exercisable) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (Unexercisable) 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares That Have Not Vested 

Joseph C. Visconti 
 166,232 
 105,768 (1) 
 5.8 
 6/8/2031 

President and Chief 
 55,556 
 344,444 (2) 
 5.0 
 8/10/2032 

Executive Officer 
 48,615 
 201,385 (3) 
 2.01 
 10/19/2032 

100,000 (4) 
 1.33 
 12/14/2032 

Preston Yarborough 
 83,116 
 82,980 (1) 
 5.8 
 6/8/2031 

Vice President 

Carrie Gunnerson 
 33,403 
 102,597 (5) 
 3.87 
 9/30/2031 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 100,000 (4) 
 1.33 
 12/14/2032 

(1) On July 23, 2021, options were granted, under the Twin Vee 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan, vesting monthly over 3 years. 
 
 (2) On August 11, 2022, options were granted, under the Forza 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan, vesting monthly over 3 years. 
 
 (3) On October 20, 2022, options were granted, under the Twin Vee 2021 Stock
Incentive Plan, vesting monthly over 3 years. 
 
 (4) On December 15, 2022, options were granted, under the Forza 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan, vesting monthly over 3 years. 
 
 (5) On October 1, 2021, options were granted, under the Twin Vee 2021 Stock
Incentive Plan, westing monthly over 5 years. 

Employment Arrangements with Our Named Executive
Officers 

Joseph Visconti 

Twin Vee entered into a five-year employment agreement
with Mr. Visconti (the Visconti Employment Agreement effective upon the closing of the initial public offering in July
2021. Under the Visconti Employment Agreement, Mr. Visconti serves as Twin Vee s President and Chief Executive Officer. He receives
an annual base salary of 250,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance cash bonus with a target amount equal to 125 of his
annual base salary, based upon achievement of performance goals established by the compensation committee of Twin Vee s board of
directors. Upon the completion of Twin Vee s initial public offering in July 2021, Mr. Visconti received a stock option to purchase
272,000 shares of Twin Vee s common stock under the 2021 Plan, vesting pro rata on a monthly basis over a three-year period subject
to continued employment through each vesting date. On October 20, 2022, Mr. Visconti received a stock option to purchase 250,000 shares
of Twin Vee s common stock under the 2021 Plan, vesting pro rata on a monthly basis over a three-year period subject to continued
employment through each vesting date. 

The Visconti Employment Agreement provides that Mr.
Visconti will be eligible to participate in all benefit and fringe benefit plans generally made available to Twin Vee s other executive
officers. In addition, he is entitled to (i) four weeks of paid vacation per year, (ii) a 2,500 a month car allowance and (iii) the cost
of medical insurance for coverage for Mr. Visconti and his family. 

The Visconti Employment Agreement provides that it
shall continue until terminated (i) by mutual agreement; (ii) due to death or disability of Mr. Visconti; (iii) by Mr. Visconti without
good reason upon 90 days written notice to us; (iv) by us for cause (as defined in the Visconti Employment Agreement); (v) by Twin Vee
without cause; or (vi) by Mr. Visconti for good reason (as defined in the Visconti Employment Agreement). 

68 

Pursuant to the Visconti Employment Agreement, Mr.
Visconti is subject to a one-year post-termination non-compete and non-solicit of employees and clients. He is also bound by confidentiality
provisions. 

In the event of a termination by Twin Vee without
cause or a termination by Mr. Visconti for good reason other than in connection with a change in control, Mr. Visconti will receive: an
aggregate of twelve months of salary continuation at his then-current base annual salary, paid out in equal installments over a 6 month
period; payment of any amount of annual bonus accrued for the year prior to the date of termination; payment of the bonus Mr. Visconti
would have received based on the attainment of performance goals had he remained employed through the end of the year of termination,
pro-rated based on the number of days in the termination year that Mr. Visconti was employed by Twin Vee (paid when its other senior executives
receive payment of their annual bonuses); reimbursement of COBRA premiums for up to twelve months; and full vesting for any outstanding,
unvested equity awards granted under the Twin Vee 2021 Plan. Mr. Visconti s outstanding vested stock options in Twin Vee will generally
remain exercisable no longer than six months following such a termination. 

In the event of a termination by Twin Vee without
cause or a resignation by Mr. Visconti for good reason within twelve months following a change in control, Mr. Visconti will receive an
aggregate of 18 months of salary continuation at his then-current base annual salary, paid out in equal installments over a twelve month
period; payment of any amount of annual bonus accrued for the year prior to the year of termination; payment of a pro-rated target annual
bonus for the year of termination based on the number of days in the termination year that Mr. Visconti was employed by Twin Vee; payment
of one time his then-current target annual bonus; reimbursement of COBRA premiums for up to 18 months; and full vesting for any outstanding,
unvested equity awards granted under the Twin Vee 2021 Plan. Mr. Visconti s outstanding vested stock options will generally remain
exercisable no longer than six months following such a termination. 

The receipt of any termination benefits described
above is subject to Mr. Visconti s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, a form of which is attached as an exhibit
to the Visconti Employment Agreement. 

In the event of Mr. Visconti s termination due
to death or disability, Mr. Visconti will receive full vesting for any outstanding, unvested equity awards granted under Twin Vee s
2021 Plan. Mr. Visconti s outstanding vested stock options will generally remain exercisable no longer than six months following
such a termination. 

Preston Yarborough 

Twin Vee entered into a five-year employment agreement
with Mr. Yarborough (the Yarborough Employment Agreement effective upon the closing of Twin Vee s initial public
offering in July 2021. Under the Yarborough Employment Agreement, Mr. Yarborough serves as Twin Vee s Vice President and Director
of Product Development. He receives an annual base salary of 160,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance cash bonus with
a target amount equal to 50 of his annual base salary, based upon achievement of performance goals established by the compensation committee
of Twin Vee s board of directors. Upon the completion of Twin Vee s initial public offering in July 2021, Mr. Yarborough received
a stock option to purchase 136,000 shares of Twin Vee s common stock under the 2021 Plan, vesting monthly over a three-year period
subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 

The Yarborough Employment Agreement provides that
Mr. Yarborough would be eligible to participate in all benefit and fringe benefit plans generally made available to Twin Vee s other
executive officers. In addition, he is entitled to (i) four weeks of paid vacation per year, (ii) a 1,000 a month car allowance and (iii)
the cost of medical insurance for coverage for Mr. Yarborough and his family. 

The Yarborough Employment Agreement provides that
it shall continue until terminated (i) by mutual agreement; (ii) due to death or disability of Mr. Yarborough; (iii) by Mr. Yarborough
without good reason upon 90 days written notice to Twin Vee; (iv) by Twin Vee for cause (as defined in the Yarborough Employment Agreement);
(v) by Twin Vee without cause; or (vi) by Mr. Yarborough for good reason (as defined in the Yarborough Employment Agreement). 

Pursuant to the Yarborough Employment Agreement, Mr.
Yarborough is subject to a one-year post-termination non-compete and non-solicit of employees and clients. He is also bound by confidentiality
provisions. 

69 

In the event of a termination by Twin Vee without
cause or a termination by Mr. Yarborough for good reason other than in connection with a change in control, Mr. Yarborough will receive:
an aggregate of nine months of salary continuation at his then-current base annual salary, paid out in equal installments over a six month
period; payment of any amount of annual bonus accrued for the year prior to the date of termination; payment of the bonus Mr. Yarborough
would have received based on the attainment of performance goals had he remained employed through the end of the year of termination,
pro-rated based on the number of days in the termination year that Mr. Yarborough was employed by Twin Vee (paid when Twin Vee s
other senior executives receive payment of their annual bonuses); reimbursement of COBRA premiums for up to nine months; and full vesting
for any outstanding, unvested equity awards granted under the Twin Vee 2021 Plan. Mr. Yarborough s outstanding vested stock options
will generally remain exercisable no longer than six months following such a termination. 

In the event of a termination by Twin Vee without
cause or a resignation by Mr. Yarborough for good reason within twelve months following a change in control, Mr. Yarborough will receive
an aggregate of twelve months of salary continuation at his then-current base annual salary, paid out in equal installments over a twelve
month period; payment of any amount of annual bonus accrued for the year prior to the year of termination; payment of a pro-rated target
annual bonus for the year of termination based on the number of days in the termination year that Mr. Yarborough was employed by Twin
Vee; payment of one time his then-current target annual bonus; reimbursement of COBRA premiums for up to twelve months; and full vesting
for any outstanding, unvested equity awards granted under the Twin Vee 2021 Plan. Mr. Yarborough s outstanding vested stock options
will generally remain exercisable no longer than six months following such a termination. 

The receipt of any termination benefits described
above is subject to Mr. Yarborough s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, a form of which is attached as an
exhibit to the Yarborough Employment Agreement. 

In the event of Mr. Yarborough s termination
due to death or disability, Mr. Yarborough will receive full vesting for any outstanding, unvested equity awards granted under Twin Vee s
2021 Plan. Mr. Yarborough s outstanding vested stock options will generally remain exercisable no longer than six months following
such a termination. 

Carrie Gunnerson 

Twin Vee entered into a five-year employment agreement
with Ms. Gunnerson (the Gunnerson Employment Agreement effective in October 2021. Under the Gunnerson Employment Agreement,
Ms. Gunnerson serves as Twin Vee s Chief Financial Officer. She receives an annual base salary of 211,000 and is eligible to receive
an annual performance cash bonus with a target amount equal to 30 of her annual base salary, based upon achievement of performance goals
established by the compensation committee of Twin Vee s board of directors. Ms. Gunnerson also received a stock option to purchase
136,000 shares of Twin Vee s common stock under its 2021 Plan, vesting monthly over a five-year period subject to continued employment
through each vesting date. 

The Gunnerson Employment Agreement provides that Ms.
Gunnerson is eligible to participate in all benefit and fringe benefit plans generally made available to Twin Vee s other executive
officers. In addition, she is entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per year. 

The Gunnerson Employment Agreement provides that it
shall continue until terminated (i) by mutual agreement; (ii) due to death or disability of Ms. Gunnerson; (iii) by Ms. Gunnerson without
good reason upon 90 days written notice to Twin Vee; (iv) by Twin Vee for cause (as defined in the Gunnerson Employment Agreement); (v)
by Twin Vee without cause; or (vi) by Ms. Gunnerson for good reason (as defined in the Gunnerson Employment Agreement). 

Pursuant to the Gunnerson Employment Agreement, Ms.
Gunnerson is subject to a one-year post-termination non-compete and non-solicit of employees and clients. She is also bound by confidentiality
provisions. 

In the event of a termination by Twin Vee without
cause or a termination by Ms. Gunnerson for good reason during the first six (6) months following the effective date of the Gunnerson
Employment Agreement, Ms. Gunnerson will receive an aggregate of three months of salary continuation at her then-current base annual salary,
paid out in equal installments over a three-month period. In the event of a termination by Twin Vee without cause or a termination by
Ms. Gunnerson for good reason after the first six (6) months following the effective date of the Gunnerson Employment Agreement, Ms. Gunnerson
will receive an aggregate of six months of salary continuation at her then-current base annual salary, paid out in equal installments
over a six-month period. Ms. Gunnerson s outstanding vested stock options will generally remain exercisable no longer than six months
following such a termination. 

70 

The receipt of any termination benefits described
above is subject to Ms. Gunnerson s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, a form of which is attached as an
exhibit to the Gunnerson Employment Agreement. 

In the event of Ms. Gunnerson s termination
due to death or disability, Ms. Gunnerson will receive full vesting or any outstanding, unvested equity awards granted under the 2021
Plan. Ms. Gunnerson s outstanding vested stock options will generally remain exercisable no longer than six months following such
a termination. 

Employee Benefit and Stock Plans 

Simple IRA Plan 

We maintain a Simple IRA retirement savings plan for
the benefit of our employees, including our named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. Under the Simple IRA,
eligible employees may elect to defer a portion of their compensation, within the limits prescribed by the Code, on a pre-tax basis through
contributions to the Simple IRA plan. The Simple IRA plan authorizes employer safe harbor matching contributions equal to 3 of covered
compensation for eligible employees. The Simple IRA plan is intended to qualify under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code. As
a tax-qualified retirement program, contributions to the Simple IRA plan and earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees
until distributed from the Simple IRA plan. 

2021 Stock Incentive Plan 

On April 8, 2021, our board of directors and our stockholders
approved the Twin Vee PowerCats Co. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan , which plan was amended and restated on June 1, 2021 (the 2021 Plan ).
The 2021 Plan became effective immediately prior to the closing of our initial public offering in July 2021. The principal provisions
of the 2021 Plan are summarized below. 

Administration 

The 2021 Plan vests broad powers in a committee to
administer and interpret the 2021 Plan. Our board of directors has initially designated the compensation committee to administer the 2021
Plan. Except when limited by the terms of the 2021 Plan, the compensation committee has the authority to, among other things: select the
persons to be granted awards; determine the type, size and term of awards; establish performance objectives and conditions for earning
awards; determine whether such performance objectives and conditions have been met; and accelerate the vesting or exercisability of an
award. In its discretion, the compensation committee may delegate all or part of its authority and duties with respect to granting awards
to one or more of our officers, subject to certain limitations and provided applicable law so permits. 

Our board of directors may amend, alter or discontinue
the 2021 Plan and the compensation committee may amend any outstanding award at any time; provided, however, that no such amendment or
termination may adversely affect awards then outstanding without the holder s permission. In addition, any amendments seeking to
increase the total number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan or modifying the classes of participants eligible to receive
awards under the 2021 Plan will require ratification by our stockholders in accordance with applicable law. Additionally, as described
more fully below, neither the compensation committee nor the board of directors is permitted to reprice outstanding options or stock appreciation
rights without shareholder consent. 

Eligibility 

Any of our employees, directors, consultants, and
other service providers, or those of our affiliates, are eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan and may be selected by the compensation
committee to receive an award. 

Vesting 

The compensation committee determines the vesting
conditions for awards. These conditions may include the continued employment or service of the participant, the attainment of specific
individual or corporate performance goals, or other factors as determined in the compensation committee s discretion (collectively,
 Vesting Conditions ). 

71 

Shares of Stock Available for Issuance 

Subject to certain adjustments, the maximum number
of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan in connection with awards is 1,315,000 shares. We have issued options
to purchase an aggregate of 1,283,571 shares of our common stock. In addition, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be
issued under the 2021 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year for a period of ten years commencing on January
1, 2022 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2031, in a number of shares of common stock equal to 4.5 of the total number of shares
of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year; provided, however that the board of directors may act prior
to January 1 of a given calendar year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of common stock. All
available shares may be utilized toward the grant of any type of award under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan imposes a 250,000 limitation
on the total grant date fair value of awards granted to any non-employee director in his or her capacity as a non-employee director in
any single calendar year. The total number of shares available for issuance increased on January 1, 2023 to 1,743,400 shares of our common
stock. 

Director Compensation 

2022 Director Compensation 

Cash Compensation 

All non-employee directors are entitled to receive
the following cash compensation for their services: 

5,000 per year for service as a board member; 

12,000 per year additionally for service as chair of the audit committee; 

5,000 per year additionally for service as member of the audit committee (excluding committee chair); 

10,000 per year additionally for service as chair of the compensation committee; 

4,000 per year additionally for service as member of the compensation committee (excluding committee chair); 

5,000 per year additionally for service as chair of the corporate governance and nominating committee; 

3,000 per year additionally for service as member of the corporate governance and nominating committee (excluding committee chair); 

All cash payments to non-employee directors who served
in the relevant capacity at any point during the immediately preceding prior fiscal quarter will be paid quarterly in arrears. A non-employee
director who served in the relevant capacity during only a portion of the prior fiscal quarter will receive a pro-rated payment of the
quarterly payment of the applicable cash retainer. 

Equity Compensation 

Each non-employee director who served as a director
during 2021 received an initial grant of non-qualified stock options under our 2021 Plan to purchase 5,500 shares of our common stock,
which options vest pro rata on a monthly basis over a period of twelve months from the grant date, subject to the grantee s
continued service through that date. Each non-employee director who served as a director during 2022 received a grant of non-qualified
stock options under our 2021 Plan to purchase 5,500 shares of our common stock, which options vest pro rata on a monthly
basis over a period of twelve months from the grant date, subject to the grantee s continued service through that date. 

72 

Director Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the compensation earned for service on our board of directors by our non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. The
compensation for each of Messrs. Visconti and Yarborough as an executive officer is set forth above under Summary Compensation
Table. Messrs. Visconti and Yarborough receive no compensation for service as a director. 

(a) Name 
 (b) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 (c) Stock Awards ) 
 (d) Option Awards (1) ) 
 (e) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 (f) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 (g) All Other Compensation ) 
 (h) Total ) 
 
 Bard Rockenbach 
 17,000 
 
 4,861 

21,861 
 
 James Melvin 
 17,000 
 
 5,444 

22,444 
 
 Neil Ross 
 19,000 
 
 5,444 

24,444 
 
 Steven A. Shallcross 
 17,500 

17,500 
 
 Kevin Schuyler 
 10,000 
 
 6,732 

16,732 

(1) 
 The amounts in the Option Awards column reflect the dollar amounts of the grant date fair value for the financial statement reporting purposes for stock options for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with ASC 718. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes model. For a discussion of the assumptions used in computing this valuation, see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following are the outstanding aggregate number of option awards held by each of our directors who were not also Named Executive Officers: 

Name 
 Option Awards (#) 
 
 Bard Rockenbach 
 10,083 
 
 James Melvin 
 11,000 
 
 Neil Ross 
 11,000 
 
 Kevin Schuyler 
 5,500 

During 2022, each non-employee member of the Board of Directors received
an annual cash fee of 5,000, all non-employee directors received an annual cash fee of 5,000, 4,000 and 3,000 for service on the Audit,
Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, respectively, and the Chairman of the Audit, Compensation and Corporate
Governance and Nomination Committee received a cash fee of 12,000, 10,000 and 5,000, respectively. In addition, since 2021 each non-employee
member of the Board of Directors has been issued an annual option grant exercisable for 5,500 shares of our common stock, for a term of
one year, vesting monthly over one year of the date of grant. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership
of our common stock as of March 29, 2023, by: 

each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; 

each of the named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table; 

each of our directors; and 

all of our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

As of March 29, 2023, we had 9,520,000 shares of common
stock outstanding. 

73 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting
power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules include shares of common stock issuable pursuant to
the exercise of profits interest units, options, warrants or other rights that are either immediately exercisable or exercisable on or
before May 30, 2023, which is approximately 60 days after the date of this Annual Report. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and
beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person,
but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated,
the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially
owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial
owner listed in the table below is c/o Twin Vee PowerCats Co. 3101 S. US-1 Ft. Pierce, Florida 34982. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares 
Beneficially Owner 
 
 Percentage 
of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Joseph Visconti (1) 

2,539,999 

26.05 

Preston Yarborough (2) 

121,473 

1.26 

James Melvin (3) 

9,777 

Kevin Schuyler 

5,943 

Bard Rockenbach (4) 

9,273 

Neil Ross (3) 

9,777 

Carrie Gunnerson (6) 

43,073 

All current executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 

5 Stockholders 

2,735,315 

27.64 

Marathon Micro Fund, L.P.(7) 

950,000 

9.98 

AWM Investment Company, Inc. and affiliates (8) 

949,062 

9.97 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Joseph Visconti was issued 2,321,152 shares of our common stock upon the consummation of the Merger between us and Twin Vee Inc. Mr. Visconti was granted an option to purchase 272,000 shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering, and was granted an additional option to purchase 250,000 shares of our common stock on October 20, 2022. There are 214,847 shares of common stock that will vest and be exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2023 and are included in the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Visconti. 

(2) 
 Mr. Yarborough was issued 38,357 shares of our common stock upon the consummation of the Merger between us and Twin Vee Inc. granted an option to purchase 136,000 shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering, of which 83,116 shares of common stock will vest and be exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2023 and are included in the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Yarborough. 

(3) 
 Messrs. Melvin and Ross were each granted an option to purchase 5,500 shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering, and were granted another 5,500 shares on October 20, 2022; of which 9,777 shares of common stock will vest and be exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2023, and are included in the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of Messrs. Melvin and Ross. 

(4) 
 In connection with his appointment, effective November 7, 2021, Mr. Rockenbach was awarded an option to purchase 5,500 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 3.87 per share, vesting pro rata on a monthly basis over a twelve-month period and exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of grant. Mr. Rockenbach was awarded another 4,583 shares on November 4, 2022, with the same vesting schedule. There will be these 9,273 shares of common stock vested and be exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2023, and are included in the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Rockenbach. 

(5) 
 Ms. Gunnerson was granted an option to purchase 136,000 shares of our common stock upon in connection with joining our company as Chief Financial Officer, of which 43,073 shares of common stock will vest and be exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2022, and are included in the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Ms. Gunnerson. 

(6) 
 In connection with his appointment, effective July 6, 2022, Mr. Schuyler was awarded an option to purchase 5,500 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.62 per share, vesting pro rata on a monthly basis over a twelve-month period and exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of grant. Of these 5,500 shares, 4,580 shares of common stock will vest and be exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2023, and are included in the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Schuyler. 

(7) 
 Information is based upon a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 3, 2022 by James G. Kennedy, the partner of Marathon Micro Fund, L.P. The address of Marathon Micro Fund, L.P. is 4 North Park drive, Suite 106, Hunt Valley, Maryland 34982. 

(8) 
 Information is based upon a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. AWM Investment Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation AWM is the investment adviser to Special Situations Cayman Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands Limited Partnership (CAYMAN) and Special Situations Fund III QP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (SSFQP). (CAYMAN and SSFQP, will hereafter be referred to as the Funds). The principal business of each Fund is to invest in equity and equity-related securities and other securities of any kind or nature. David M. Greenhouse (Greenhouse) and Adam C. Stettner (Stettner) are members of: SSCayman, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (SSCAY), the general partner of CAYMAN and MGP Advisers Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (MGP), the general partner of SSFQP. Greenhouse and Stettner are also controlling principals of AWM. As the investment adviser to the Funds, AWM holds sole voting and investment power over 218,284 shares of our common stock held by CAYMAN and 730,778 Shares held by SSFQP. The address of AWM is c/o Special Situations Funds, 527 Madison Avenue, Suite 2600, New York, NY 10022. 

74 

Changes In Control 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Part II, Item 5 Equity Compensation Plan
Information for certain information regarding our equity compensation plans. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Each of the related party transactions described below
was negotiated on an arm s length basis. We believe that the terms of such agreements are as favorable as those we could have obtained
from parties not related to us. The following are summaries of certain provisions of our related party agreements and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to all of the provisions of such agreements. Because these descriptions are only summaries of the applicable
agreements, they do not necessarily contain all of the information that you may find useful. We therefore urge you to review the agreements
in their entirety. Copies of the forms of the agreements have been filed as exhibits to this Annual Report and are available electronically
on the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

In addition to the compensation arrangements, including
employment, termination of employment and change in control arrangements, with our directors and executive officers, including those discussed
in Item 11. Executive Compensation the following is a description of each transaction since January 1, 2021 or any currently
proposed transaction in which: 

we have been or are to be a party to; 

the amount involved exceeded or exceeds 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets as of the end of the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

For information on our compensation arrangements,
including employment, termination of employment and change in control arrangements, with our directors and executive officers, see Executive
Compensation in Part III, Item 11. 

On December 5, 2022 (the Closing Date ),
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 8, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), by and
between us and Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. Twin Vee Inc. ), our then parent corporation and owner of 4,000,000 shares of our
common stock representing 76 of our common stock. was merged with and into our company (the Merger ). The Merger became
effective on December 5, 2022at which time (a) the holders of Twin Vee Inc. common stock received in the Merger one share of our common
stock in exchange for each 41.7128495 shares of Twin Vee Inc. common stock that they owned, for a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of our common
stock (no fractional shares of our common stock were issued) and (b) the 4,000,000 shares of our common stock held by Twin Vee Inc. were
canceled and retired. Each holder of shares of Twin Vee Inc. common stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share
of our common stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of our common stock that otherwise would be received by such holder) received
in lieu of such fraction of a share cash the dollar amount (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, determined by multiplying
such fraction by 2.09, which was equal to the volume weighted average closing trading price of a share of our common stock for the five
consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to December 5, 2022. After the Merger, we. had approximately 9,520,000 shares of our
common stock outstanding, which is substantially the same as it was immediately prior to the Merger. Joseph Visconti, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board was the largest stockholder of Twin Vee Inc. and received 2,243,916 shares of our common stock upon
consummation of the Merger in exchange for the shares of common stock of Twin Vee Inc. that he owned , representing approximately 22 
of our outstanding shares of common stock and Preston Yarbrough, our Vice President and Director of Product Development was issued 38,357
shares of our common stock upon consummation of the Merger in exchange for the shares of common stock of Twin Vee Inc. that he owned 

75 

We lease our facility from Visconti Holdings, LLC, Visconti Holdings an entity owned and controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Joseph Visconti,
pursuant to a lease agreement (the Lease Agreement ), dated January 1, 2021, by and among the Company, Visconti Holdings,
LLC and Twin Vee Inc., our former majority shareholder company. The Lease Agreement currently has a 5-year term, with an option to renew
for an additional 5-year term. We currently pay Visconti Holdings 33,075 per month plus applicable sales and use tax, which is currently
7 in St. Lucie County. 

On December 31, 2018, we entered into a loan and promissory
note with Joseph C. Visconti. The principal amount of the loan was 525,500, together with a simple interest rate of 6 on the balance
of principal remaining unpaid. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repaid 27,850. At December 31, 2021, the outstanding amount
of the note payable was 0. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we received cash of 14,549 and 44,628 from its affiliate companies, and paid 57,659 and 303,250 to its affiliate
companies, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued
20,000 shares valued at 52,400 for payment on behalf of the former majority shareholder company. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances from affiliated
companies included in due to affiliated companies was 0 and 115,043, respectively. Approximately 93,000 of the balance is related
to an equipment purchase, the remaining balance was related to startup costs for our franchise business. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received
a monthly fee of 5,850 to provide management services and facility utilization to Forza. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid 90,417
to Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc., to purchase a 36-foot used catamaran boat from it. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we had purchases
of 0 from related parties. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received
a cash payment in the amount of 24,300 from Boat Fuji, Inc., a company owned 33 by Joseph Visconti, our chief executive officer, for
future technical website support expenses to be incurred by us on behalf of Boat Fuji, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we
paid 15,808 to certain affiliate companies or on their behalf, including (i) 2,000 that was repaid to Boat Fuji, Inc. due to a decrease
in the estimated expenses to be paid by us on its behalf, (ii) 12,000 of franchise fee development expenses paid by us on behalf
of My Boat MD, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc and (iii) 1,808 of expenses paid to Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc.
for reimbursement of telephone, internet and other similar expenses incurred by it on our behalf. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we recorded management fees of 54,000 and 42,000 respectively; paid to Twin Vee, Inc. pursuant to a management agreement, dated January
1, 2021, with our former majority shareholder company for various management services. The agreement provides for a monthly 4,500 and
 3,500 management fee, there was a term of one year that expired on December 31, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded
 15,000 of professional fees, for consulting work for Twin Vee performed by Jim Leffew, the Chief Executive Officer of Forza. 

In connection
with the closing of Forza s initial public offering, we entered into a transition services agreement (the Transition Services
Agreement with Forza, pursuant to which we agreed to provide Forza, at our cost, with certain services, such as procurement, shipping,
receiving, storage and use of our facility until Forza s new planned facility is completed. Forza s ability to utilize our
manufacturing capacity pending completion of its own facility will be subject to its availability as determined by us. The Transition
Services Agreement operates on a month-to-month basis. 

Indemnification 

The information included under the heading Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Limitation of Liability and Indemnification in Part III, Item 10 is hereby incorporated
by reference into this Item 13. 

76 

Our Policy Regarding Related Party Transactions 

Our board of directors recognizes the fact that transactions
with related persons present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest and/or improper valuation (or the perception thereof). Our board
of directors has adopted a written policy on transactions with related persons that is in conformity with the requirements for issuers
having publicly held common stock that is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Under the policy: 

any related person transaction, and any material amendment or modification to a related person transaction, must be reviewed and approved or ratified by the Audit Committee; and 

any employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer and any related compensation must be approved by the compensation committee of the board of directors or recommended by the compensation committee to the board of directors for its approval. 

In connection with the review and approval or ratification
of a related person transaction: 

management must disclose to the committee or disinterested directors, as applicable, the name of the related person and the basis on which the person is a related person, the material terms of the related person transaction, including the approximate dollar value of the amount involved in the transaction, and all the material facts as to the related person s direct or indirect interest in, or relationship to, the related person transaction; 

management must advise the committee or disinterested directors, as applicable, as to whether the related person transaction complies with the terms of our agreements governing our material outstanding indebtedness that limit or restrict our ability to enter into a related person transaction; 

management must advise the committee or disinterested directors, as applicable, as to whether the related person transaction will be required to be disclosed in our applicable filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and related rules, and, to the extent required to be disclosed, management must ensure that the related person transaction is disclosed in accordance with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and related rules; and 

management must advise the committee or disinterested directors, as applicable, as to whether the related person transaction constitutes a personal loan for purposes of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

In addition, the related person transaction policy
provides that the committee or disinterested directors, as applicable, in connection with any approval or ratification of a related person
transaction involving a non-employee director, should consider whether such transaction would compromise the director s status as
an independent, outside, or non-employee director, as applicable, under the rules and regulations
of the SEC, the Nasdaq Stock Market, and the Code. 

Director Independence 

The information included under the heading Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Director Independence in Part III, Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference
into this Item 13. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. serves as our independent registered public
accounting firm. 

77 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees
including expenses billed to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our auditors: 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees(1) 
 125,000 
 115,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

Audit-Related Fees(2) 
 7,600 
 9,500 
 
 All Other Fees(3) 
 61,400 
 8,500 

194,000 
 133,000 

(1) Audit Fees include fees related to the annual audit and quarterly reviews.. 
 
 (2) Audit-Related Fees include travel and technology fees. 
 
 (3) All other fees include fees associated with Comfort Letter and Consents, required for SEC filings. 

The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for pre-approving
all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of such services.
These procedures include reviewing detailed back-up documentation for audit and permitted non-audit services. The documentation includes
a description of, and a budgeted amount for, particular categories of non-audit services that are recurring in nature and therefore anticipated
at the time that the budget is submitted. Audit Committee approval is required to exceed the pre-approved amount for a particular category
of non-audit services and to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for any non-audit services not included in those
pre-approved amounts. For both types of pre-approval, the Audit Committee considers whether such services are consistent with the rules
on auditor independence promulgated by the SEC and the PCAOB. The Audit Committee also considers whether the independent registered public
accounting firm is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service, based on such reasons as the auditor s familiarity
with our business, people, culture, accounting systems, risk profile, and whether the services enhance our ability to manage or control
risks, and improve audit quality. The Audit Committee may form and delegate pre-approval authority to subcommittees consisting of one
or more members of the Audit Committee, and such subcommittees must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next
scheduled meeting. All of the services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

78 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules. 

(a)(1) 
 Financial Statements. The financial statements required to be filed in this Annual Report are included in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 

(a)(2) 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is either inapplicable or included in the Financial Statements or related notes included in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits. The exhibits listed below are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report has been identified 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not Applicable 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 8, 2022, by and between Twin Vee PowerCats Co. and Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, File No. 001-40623, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2022) 
 
 2.2 
 Form of Support Agreement, by and between Twin Vee PowerCats Co. and Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. s directors, officers and certain stockholders (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, File No. 001-40623, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, dated December 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333- 255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida on January 22, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida on April 12, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 Article of Conversion filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, dated April 7, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Conversion filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 7, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 7, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 3.7 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 Form of Representative s Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 Description of Securities of Twin Vee PowerCats Co. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-40623, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 Twin Vee PowerCats Co. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and form of Incentive Plan Option Agreement, Non- Qualified Stock Option Agreement, and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 10.2+ 
 Repurchase Agreement, by and among Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc., Twin Vee Catamarans, Inc. and Northpoint Commercial Finance LLC, dated May 18, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 Inventory Blanket Repurchase Agreement by and between Twin Vee Catamarans, Inc. and Bank of the West, dated January 12, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 10.4+ 
 Inventory Financing Agreement, between GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation and Twin Vee Catamarans, Inc., dated January 28, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 Lease Agreement, by and among Visconti Holdings, LLC, Twin Vee Catamarans, Inc. and Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc., dated January 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021 

79 

10.6 
 SBA Loan Authorization and Agreement, dated April 21, 2020, with Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 Twin Vee PowerCats Co. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, with Joseph Visconti (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, with Preston Yarborough (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Promissory Note, dated March 19, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-255134, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 2021 by and between Twin Vee PowerCats Co. and Carrie Gunnerson, Effective October 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40623) filed on October 4, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated August 16, 2022, by and between Forza X1, Inc. and Twin Vee PowerCats Co. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report (File No. 001-40623) on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 F Agreement, dated August 17, 2022, by and between Forza X1, Inc. and OneWater Marine, Inc. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report (File No. 001-40623) on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 Amendment, dated August 22, 2022, to Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and between Twin Vee PowerCats Co. and Carrie Gunnerson (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40623) filed on August 22, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Twin Vee PowerCats Co. and Joseph Visconti, effective as of October 20, 2022 (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40623) filed on October 21, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labeled 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be identified pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report. 
 
 + 
 Certain portions of this exhibit indicated therein by [ ] have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

80 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Twin Vee PowerCats Co. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 /s/ Joseph C. Visconti 

Joseph C. Visconti 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant, Twin Vee PowerCats
Co., in the capacities and on the date indicated 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Joseph C. Visconti 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Joseph C. Visconti 

/s/ Carrie Gunnerson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Carrie Gunnerson 

/s/ Preston Yarborough 
 
 Vice President and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Preston Yarborough 

/s/Bard Rockenbach 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Bard Rockenbach 

/s/ James Melvin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 James Melvin 

/s/ Neil Ross 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Neil Ross 

/s/ Kevin Schuyler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Kevin Schuyler 

81 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 e4543_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Forza X1, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Fix My Boat, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 e4543_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333- 258129 and File No. 333-265016) and the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-266858) our report dated March 29, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Twin Vee Powercats Co. and Subsidiaries
appearing in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/ GRASSI CO., CPAs, P.C. 
 
 Jericho, New York 
 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e4543_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Joseph C. Visconti, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Twin Vee PowerCats Co.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph C. Visconti 

Name: Joseph C. Visconti 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e4543_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR RULE 15d-14 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Carrie Gunnerson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Twin Vee PowerCats Co.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Carrie Gunnerson 

Name: Carrie Gunnerson 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 e4543_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Twin Vee PowerCats Co. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph C. Visconti, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph C. Visconti 

Name: Joseph C. Visconti 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 e4543_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Twin Vee PowerCats Co. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carrie Gunnerson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Carrie Gunnerson 

Name: Carrie Gunnerson 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tvpc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tvpc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tvpc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tvpc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

