<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_1100397_0001493152-23-004167.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7907016</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>445313</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1305518</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2622834</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1568465</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1757770</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-004167.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209201138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-004167
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001100397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				841521955
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36138
		FILM NUMBER:		23608084

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 DEER PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE K-1
		CITY:			MONMOUTH JUNCTION
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732 545 1590

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 DEER PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE K-1
		CITY:			MONMOUTH JUNCTION
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08852

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Advaxis, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREAT EXPECTATIONS & ASSOCIATES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-004167.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO ______ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated
 Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepare or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

As
of April 29, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately based
on the closing bid price of the registrant s common stock on the -OTCQX Best Market (For purposes of determining this amount,
only directors, executive officers, and 10 or greater shareholders and their respective affiliates have been deemed affiliates). 

The
registrant had shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding as of January 31, 2023. 

Table
of Contents 

 Form
10-K Index 

PART 1 

Item
 1: 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 
 Item
 1B: 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 59 
 
 Item
 2: 
 Properties 
 59 
 
 Item
 3: 
 Legal Proceedings 
 59 
 
 Item
 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 

PART II 

Item
 5: 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 60 
 
 Item
 6: 
 Selected Financial Data 
 60 
 
 Item
 7: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 
 Item
 7A: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 
 Item
 8: 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 
 Item
 9: 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 68 
 
 Item
 9A: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 
 Item
 9B: 
 Other Information 
 69 
 
 Item
 9C: 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 

PART III 

Item
 10: 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 
 Item
 11: 
 Executive Compensation 
 75 
 
 Item
 12: 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 79 
 
 Item
 13: 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 
 Item
 14: 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 81 

Part IV 

Item
 15: 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 82 
 
 Item
 16: 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 86 

Signatures 
 87 

2 

PART
I 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE REGARDING RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

On
October 18, 2022, the Registrant entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the
Registrant, Old Ayala, Inc. (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), a Delaware corporation Old Ayala ), and Doe Merger Sub,
Inc. Merger Sub ), a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advaxis, Inc. New Ayala ). On January 19, 2023 (the Closing
Date ), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Old Ayala, with Old Ayala continuing as the surviving
company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant (the Merger ). 

The
Merger Agreement and additional information on the details of the Merger may be found in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by the Registrant on October 19, 2022. 

At
the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), (i) each share of the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of
Old Ayala (the Old Ayala Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was automatically converted
into the right to receive 0.1874 shares (the Exchange Ratio of the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Registrant
(the New Ayala Common Stock ), (ii) each outstanding option to purchase shares of the Old Ayala Common Stock (each, an Old
Ayala Option was substituted and converted automatically into an option (each, an New Ayala Replacement Option to purchase the number of shares of New Ayala Common Stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the number of shares of Old
Ayala Common Stock subject to such Old Ayala Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, by (b) the Exchange Ratio,
with any fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share, with each such New Ayala Replacement Option to have an exercise price
per share of New Ayala Common Stock equal to (x) the per share exercise price for the shares of Old Ayala Common Stock subject to the
corresponding Old Ayala Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, divided by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to
the nearest whole cent, and (iii) each restricted stock unit of Old Ayala (each, an Old Ayala RSU outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger, whether or not vested or issuable, was substituted and converted automatically into a restricted
stock unit award of New Ayala with respect to a number of shares of New Ayala Common Stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(a) the total number of shares of Old Ayala Common Stock subject to such Old Ayala RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the
Merger by (b) the Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

The
issuance of New Ayala Common Stock in connection with the Merger Agreement was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
pursuant to The Registrant s registration statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-268586) declared effective by the SEC on
December 12, 2022 (the Registration Statement ). The proxy statement/prospectus in the Registration Statement contains additional
information about the Merger. 

As
a result of the consummation of the Merger, Old Ayala, the surviving entity in the Merger, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant.
For accounting purposes, the Merger was treated as a reverse acquisition and Old Ayala was considered the accounting acquirer.
Accordingly, Old Ayala will be reflected as the predecessor and acquirer in the financial statements of the Registrant (the legal acquirer)
for periods ending after December 31, 2022. The Registrant s historical financial condition and results of operations shown for
comparative purposes in future periodic filings will reflect Old Ayala s historical results. 

3 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K Form 10-K includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking
statements. In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
including the terms believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, 
 plans, intends, may, could, might, will, 
 should, approximately or, in each case, their negative or other variations thereon or comparable
terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. They appear in a number of places throughout this Form
10-K and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses or current expectations concerning,
among other things, our ongoing and planned discovery and development of drug candidates, the strength and breadth of our
intellectual property, our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials, our available cash, liquidity, prospects,
growth and strategies, the timing of and our ability to make regulatory filings and obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our
product candidates, the degree of clinical utility of our product candidates, particularly in specific patient populations,
expectations regarding clinical trial data, our results of operations, financial condition, impacts of the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine, inflation and the Federal Reserve s
responses thereto, including increasing interest rates, the length of time that we will be able to continue to fund our operating
expenses and capital expenditures, our expected financing needs and sources of financing, the industry in which we operate and the
trends that may affect our industry or us. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events, competitive dynamics, and healthcare,
regulatory and scientific developments and depend on the economic circumstances that may or may not occur in the future or may occur
on longer or shorter timelines than anticipated. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement
contained in this Form 10-K, we caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially
from the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in
this Form 10-K, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 

Some
of the factors that we believe could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated or predicted include: 

the success
 and timing of our clinical trials, including patient accrual; 

our available cash; 

our ability to obtain
 and maintain regulatory approval and/or reimbursement of our product candidates for marketing; 

our ability to obtain
 the appropriate labeling of our products under any regulatory approval; 

our plans to develop
 and commercialize our products; 

the successful development
 and implementation of future sales and marketing campaigns; 

the change of key scientific
 or management personnel; 

the size and growth
 of the potential markets for our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets; 

our ability to successfully
 compete in the potential markets for our product candidates, if commercialized; 

regulatory developments
 in the United States and foreign countries; 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

the rate and degree
 of market acceptance of any of our product candidates; 

new products, product
 candidates or new uses for existing products or technologies introduced or announced by our competitors and the timing of these introductions
 or announcements; 

market conditions in
 the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

the accuracy of our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our ability to obtain
 additional funding; 

any outcomes from our
 review of strategic transactions and options to maximize stockholder value; 

4 

the ability
 of our product candidates to successfully perform in clinical trials and to resolve any clinical holds that may occur; 

our ability to obtain
 and maintain approval of our product candidates for trial initiation; 

the performance of third-party
 manufacturers; 

our ability to identify
 license and collaboration partners and to maintain existing relationships; 

the performance
 of our clinical research organizations, clinical trial sponsors and clinical trial investigators, and collaboration partners for
 any clinical trials we conduct; 

our ability to successfully
 implement our strategy; and 

our ability to maintain
 the listing of our common stock on the OTCQX Best Market OTCQX ). 

Any
forward-looking statements that we make in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation
to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K. You should also read carefully the factors
described in the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K to better understand the risks and uncertainties inherent in our
business and underlying any forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements
in this Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. 

This
Form 10-K includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and
studies conducted by third-parties. Industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their
information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such
information. While we believe these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently
verified such data. 

We
qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking
statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. 

In
this Form 10-K, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to New Ayala, Advaxis, 
the Company, we, us, our and similar references refer to Ayala Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, which prior to the change of its name effected on January 19, 2023 was known as Advaxis, Inc. 

Item
1. Business. 

Introductory
Note 

The
following discussion relates to the business of New Ayala as it existed prior to the Merger. Following the Merger, New Ayala has combined such
existing business and the business of Old Ayala. In accordance with Rule 12b-23 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), we are incorporating into this Item 1 the description of the business of Old Ayala set forth in pages 233-273 of the
Definitive Proxy Statement of Old Ayala for the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Old Ayala held on January 13, 2023, which was
filed with the Commission on December 12, 2022 and which pages are set forth on Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

5 

General 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala was a clinical-stage biotechnology company
that was focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary Listeria monocytogenes, or Lm , Technology antigen
delivery products based on a platform technology that utilizes live attenuated Lm bioengineered to secrete antigen/adjuvant fusion
proteins. These Lm -based strains are believed to be a significant advancement in immunotherapy as they integrate multiple functions
into a single immunotherapy and are designed to access and direct antigen presenting cells to stimulate anti-tumor T cell immunity, activate
the immune system with the equivalent of multiple adjuvants, and simultaneously reduce tumor protection in the Tumor Microenvironment,
or TME, to enable T cells to eliminate tumors. The Company believes that Lm Technology immunotherapies can complement and address
significant unmet needs in the current oncology treatment landscape. Specifically, the Company s product candidates have the potential
to optimize the clinical impact of checkpoint inhibitors while having a generally well-tolerated safety profile. The Company s passion for the clinical potential of Lm Technology is balanced by focus and fiscal discipline which is
directed towards improving treatment options for cancer patients and increasing shareholder value. 

Prior
to the Merger, New Ayala was focused on multiple antigen delivery products which are in various stages of clinical development. All
of the Company s products are anchored in the Company s Lm Technology TM , a unique platform designed for
its ability to target various cancers in multiple ways. As an intracellular bacterium, Lm is an effective vector for the presentation
of antigens through both the Major Histocompatibility Complex, or MHC, I and II pathways, due to its active phagocytosis by Antigen Presenting
Cells, or APCs. Within the APCs, Lm produces virulence factors which allow survival in the host cytosol and potently stimulate
the immune system. 

Through
a license from the University of Pennsylvania and through its own development efforts, New Ayala has exclusive access to a
proprietary formulation of attenuated Lm that is called Lm Technology. Lm Technology is designed to optimize
this natural system, and one of the keys to the enhanced immunogenicity of Lm Technology is the tLLO -fusion protein,
which is made up of tumor associated antigen, or TAA, fused to a highly immunogenic bacterial protein that triggers potent cellular
immunity. The tLLO -fusion protein is also designed to help reduce immune tolerance in the TME and to promote antigen
spreading, thereby improving activity in the TME. Multiple copies of the tLLO -fusion protein within each construct may
increase antigen presentation and TME impact. 

As the field of immunotherapy
continues to evolve, the flexibility of the Lm Technology platform allowed New Ayala to develop highly innovative products. To
date, Lm Technology has demonstrated preclinical synergy with multiple checkpoint inhibitors, co-stimulatory agents and radiation
therapy. The safety profile of all Lm Technology constructs seen to date across over 470 patients has been generally predictable
and manageable, consisting mostly of mild to moderate flu-like symptoms that have been transient and associated with infusion. 

The
New Ayala Corporate Strategy and Strategic Considerations 

Prior
to the Merger, New Ayala s strategy was to advance the Lm Technology platform and leverage its unique capabilities to
design and develop an array of cancer treatments. We are currently conducting clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in early
prostate cancer. We identified and worked with collaborators and potential licensees for
these programs and others for first-generation Lm immunotherapies like ADXS-HPV for HPV-associated cancer and ADXS-HER-2 for
pediatric osteosarcoma. 

New
Ayala mainly concentrated on its disease-focused, hotspot/ off-the-shelf neoantigen-directed therapies called ADXS-HOT.
ADXS-HOT is a program that leverages the Company s proprietary Lm technology to target hotspot mutations that commonly
occur in specific cancer types. ADXS-HOT drug candidates are designed to target acquired shared or public mutations in
tumor driver genes along with other cancer-associated antigens that also commonly occur in specific cancer types. 

Prior
to the Merger, New Ayala expected to continue investing exclusively in the HOT construct ADXS-504 in early prostate cancer
through an ongoing Investigator Sponsored Trial (IST) at Columbia University in NYC. The study with ADXS-503 immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer was stopped due to the
difficulty in enrolling additional patients. The Lm Technology platform is protected by a range of patents, covering both
product and process, some of which we believe can be maintained into 2039. 

In
October 2022, we announced that we had entered into the Merger Agreement with Old Ayala, pursuant to which Old Ayala is to merge with and into Merger Sub, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary
of Old Ayala, with New Ayala continuing as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Merger. The Merger closed on January 19, 2023. 

6 

Lm
 Technology and the Immunotherapy Landscape 

The
challenge of cancer immunotherapy has been to find the best overall balance between efficacy and side effects when mobilizing the body s
immune system to fight against cancer. The development of immune checkpoint inhibitors was a significant step forward, particularly with
anti-PD-1 therapies, and brought with it impressive clinical activity in many different types of cancers, including melanoma, lung, head
and neck and urothelial cancers. However, a literature review published in Science in 2018 noted that anti-PD-1 monotherapy response
rates are only in the 15-25 range, and rise to 50 only in selected groups of patients with desmoplastic melanoma, Merkel carcinoma
or tumors with mismatch-repair deficiency. Development of secondary resistance with disease progression is yet another common limitation
of these therapies. Therefore, for most cancer patients, there is room for improvement. Checkpoint inhibitors can expand existing cancer
fighting cells that may already be present in low numbers and support their activity against cancer cells, but if the right cancer-fighting
cells are not present, checkpoint inhibitors may not provide clinical benefit. Similarly, there are many mechanisms of immune tolerance
that are distinct from the checkpoints which may also be blocking the immune system from fighting cancer. Based on both pre-clinical
and early clinical data, New Ayala believes that checkpoint inhibitors, when combined with treatments such as Lm Technology, can have an amplified anti-tumor effect. Lm Technology incorporates several complementary elements that include innate immune stimulation,
potent generation of cancer-targeted T cells, ability to boost immunity through multiple treatments, enhancing lymphocyte infiltration
into tumors, reduction of non-checkpoint mediated immune tolerance within the tumor microenvironment, and promotion of antigen spreading
which may amplify the effects of treatment. These results provide rationale for further testing of Lm Technology agents alone
and in combination with checkpoint inhibitors. 

Traditional
cancer vaccines were another development within immunotherapy and have a history beginning over 30 years ago. Unfortunately, these
vaccines have largely been unsuccessful for a variety of potential reasons. These include poor selection of targets, imbalanced
antigen presentation by inclusion of certain immune enhancing agents (adjuvants), failure to consider the blocking actions of immune
tolerance, and choice of vaccine vectors. In some cases, patients may develop neutralizing antibodies, preventing further
treatments. In contrast to traditional cancer vaccines, Lm Technology takes advantage of a natural pathway in the immune
system that evolved to protect us against Listeria infections, that also happens to generate the same type of immunity that
is required when fighting cancer. The live but weakened (attenuated) bacteria stimulate a balanced concert of innate immune triggers
and present the tumor antigen target precisely where it needs to be able to generate potent cancer fighting cells from within the
immune system itself. The multitude of accompanying signals serves to broadly mobilize most of the immune system in support of
fighting what seems to be a Listeria infection, and is then re-directed against cancer cell targets.
Additionally, the unique intracellular lifecycle of Listeria avoids the creation of neutralizing antibodies, thereby allowing
for repeat administration as a chronic therapy with a sustained enhancing of tumor antigen-specific T cell immunity. 

Looking back on the last two decades, there have been promising technology
advancements to harness and activate killer T cells against cancers and every day more is learned about the interplay between immunity
and cancer that can lead to improved treatments. However, there are still significant unmet needs in the immunotherapy landscape that
New Ayala, feels Lm Technology may be able to address and complement. Specifically, Lm Technology has the potential to optimize
and expand checkpoint inhibitor activity in combination. It also avoids many of the limitations of previous cancer vaccine attempts by
tapping into the pathway reserved for defense against Listeria infection while incorporating the best cancer targets science can
identify, including neoantigens that result from mutations in the cancer. Moreover, these immunotherapies could be effectively used as
adjuvant therapies for patients who have had clinical response to radical therapy, in order to prevent emergence of new metastases and
disease progression. To date, Lm Technology products have a manageable safety profile, do not generate neutralizing antibodies
lending themselves to retreatments, and most of the products are designed to be immediately available for treatment without the complication
and expense of modifying a patient s own cells in a laboratory. 

Lm
 Technology: An optimized Listeria -based antigen delivery system 

New
Ayala s Listeria -based immunotherapies are designed for antigen delivery through a process of insertion of multiple
copies of the proprietary tLLO -fusion protein into each extrachromosomal protein expression and secretion plasmid that makes
and secretes the target protein right inside the patient s antigen presenting cells to initiate and/or boost their immune
response. The tLLO -fusion protein approach was developed at the University of Pennsylvania as an improvement over insertion
of a single copy of the target gene, as an ACT-A (or other Lm peptide) fusion, within the bacterial genome for four key
reasons: 

1. 
 Multiple copies
 of the DNA in the plasmids per bacteria can result in larger amounts of tLLO -fusion protein being expressed simultaneously,
 versus a single copy. This is designed to improve antigen presentation and immunologic priming and increases the number of T cells
 generated for a particular treatment. 

7 

2. 
 tLLO expressed
 on plasmids (with or without a tumor target protein attached) has been shown preclinically to reduce numbers and immune suppressive
 function of Tregs and myeloid-derived suppressor cells, or MDSCs, in the tumor microenvironment. Presented preclinical data demonstrates
 that Tregs are destroyed as soon as five days after the first Lm Technology treatment and that suppressive M2 tumor-associated
 macrophages, or TAMs, are replaced by M1 macrophages which support antigen presentation and adoptive immunity. 

3. 
 The extrachromosal DNA
 plasmids themselves also contain CpG sequence patterns that trigger TLR-9, which confers additional innate immune stimulation beyond
 a Listeria without the plasmids. 

4. 
 The multiple copies of
 bacterial DNA plasmids (up to 80-100 per bacteria) confers additional stimulation of the STING receptor within APC s which
 has been associated with enhancing anti-cancer immunity in patients. 

Clinical
Pipeline 

Prior
to the Merger, New Ayala was focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary Lm Technology antigen delivery products.
New Ayala is currently winding down or has wound down clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in four program
areas: 

Non-small cell
 lung cancer (ADXS-503) 

Human Papilloma Virus HPV )-associated
 cancers 

Personalized neoantigen-directed
 therapies 

Human epidermal growth
 factor receptor-2 (HER-2) associated cancers 

All
these clinical program areas are anchored in the Company s Lm Technology , a unique platform designed for its
ability to safely and effectively target various cancers in multiple ways. The Phase 1/2 study with ADXS-PSA pembrolizumab
in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer patients was closed on January 25, 2021. The MEDI Phase 2 combo study (AZ) with
AXAL durvalumab in Cervical and Head and Neck Cancer and the AIM2CERV Phase 3 clinical trial with ADXS-HPV (AXAL) in
cervical cancer were closed on August 22, 2019 and June 11, 2021, respectively. The study with personalized neoantigen-directed
therapies (ADXS-NEO) was closed on May 22, 2020 and the NEO program-IND inactivation request was submitted to the FDA on May 10,
2021. On October 18, 2022, New Ayala announced that it would begin the orderly wind down of its ADXS-503 product in the 4Q 2022 to
focus primarily on the Old Ayala product line and its other products. 

While
we are currently winding down clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in these program areas, our license agreements
continue with OS Therapies, LLC, for ADXS-HER2, and with GBP for the exclusive license for the development and commercialization of ADXS-HPV
or AXAL in Asia, Africa, and the former USSR territory, exclusive of India and certain other countries. 

8 

New Ayala
Pipeline of Product Candidates 

Disease-focused
hotspot/ off -the-shelf neoantigen therapies (ADXS-HOT) 

Prior
to the Merger, New Ayala created a new group of immunotherapy constructs for major solid tumor cancers that combines our
optimized Lm Technology vector with promising targets designed to generate potent anti-cancer immunity. The ADXS-HOT program
is a series of novel cancer immunotherapies that will target somatic mutations, or hotspots; cancer testis antigens, or CTAs; and
oncofetal antigens, or OFAs. These three types of targets form the basis of the ADXS-HOT program because they are designed to be
more capable of generating potent, tumor-specific, and high-strength killer T cells, versus more traditional over-expressed native
sequence tumor associated antigens. Most hotspot mutations and OFA/CTA proteins play critical roles in oncogenesis; targeting both
at once could significantly impair cancer proliferation. The ADXS-HOT products will combine many of the potential high
avidity targets that are expressed in all patients with the target disease into one off-the-shelf, ready-to-administer
treatment. The ADXS-HOT technology has a strong intellectual property, or IP, position, with potential protection into 2037, and an
IP filing strategy provides for broad coverage opportunities across multiple disease platforms and combination therapies.
New Ayala entered into an agreement with Columbia University Irving Medical Center in April 2021 to fund a phase 1 clinical study
evaluating ADXS-504 in patients with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. The study started early in 3Q 2021 and was the first
clinical evaluation of ADXS-504, New Ayala s off-the-shelf neoantigen immunotherapy drug candidate for early prostate
cancer. 

Nearly
248,530 men in the United States will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2021. It has been estimated that ~135,000 new cases undergo
radical prostatectomy (RP) or radiotherapy (RT). Of these cases, 20 40 of pts with RP and 30 50 with RT will experience
rising prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels following local therapy (BCR) within 10 years, a condition known as biochemical recurrence
(BCR). BCR is not typically associated with imminent death, and biochemical progression may occur over a prolonged period. Clinicians
treating men with BCR thus face a difficult set of decisions in attempting to delay the onset of metastatic disease and death while avoiding
over-treating patients whose disease may never affect their overall survival or quality of life. 

The
phase 1 open-label study is evaluating the safety and tolerability of ADXS-504 monotherapy, administered via infusion, in 9-18 patients
with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, i.e., those with elevation of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in the blood after radical
prostatectomy or radical radiotherapy (external beam or brachytherapy) and who are not currently receiving androgen ablation therapy.
The study will also evaluate if the body s immune system can control the prostate cancer following treatment with ADXS-504 monotherapy. 

HPV-Related
Cancers 

The
Company conducted several studies evaluating axalimogene filolisbac, or AXAL, for HPV-related cancers. AXAL is an Lm -based antigen
delivery product directed against HPV and designed to target cells expressing HPV. 

In
June 2019, the Company announced the closing of its AIM2CERV Phase 3 clinical trial with axalimogene filolisbac (AXAL) in high-risk locally
advanced cervical cancer. Company estimates showed that the remaining cost to complete the AIM2CERV trial ranged from 80 million to
 90 million, and initial efficacy data was not anticipated for at least three years. Therefore, results from the clinical trial were
not the basis for the decision to close the study, nor was safety as the trial recently underwent its third Independent Data Monitoring
Committee (IDMC) review with no safety issues noted. The Company has unblinded the AIM2CERV clinical data generated to date and currently
has no plans to present it at any medical conference as the data set is incomplete and inconclusive. The Company s clinical study
report of the AIM2CERV Phase 3 study was completed on January 3, 2022 and submitted to the FDA. 

In
2014, New Ayala granted Global BioPharma, or GBP, an exclusive license for the development and commercialization of AXAL in Asia, Africa,
and the former USSR territory, exclusive of India and certain other countries. GBP is responsible for all development and commercial
costs and activities associated with the development in their territories. 

9 

Personalized
Neoantigen-directed Therapies (ADXS-NEO) 

ADXS-NEO
is an individualized Lm Technology antigen delivery product developed using whole-exome sequencing of a patient s tumor
to identify neoantigens. ADXS-NEO is designed to work by presenting a large payload of neoantigens directly into dendritic cells within
the patient s immune system and stimulating a T cell response against cancerous cells. In October 2019, the Company announced that
it has dosed its last patient in Part A, in monotherapy, and does not intend to continue into Part B, in combination with a checkpoint
inhibitor. As a result, New Ayala has closed this study. The Company has completed the clinical study report from Part A of the ADXS-NEO
study and the NEO program-IND inactivation request has been submitted to FDA. 

Prostate
Cancer (ADXS-PSA) 

According
to the American Cancer Society, prostate cancer is the second most common type of cancer found in American men and is the second leading
cause of cancer death in men, behind only lung cancer. More than 160,000 men are estimated to be diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2018,
with approximately 30,000 deaths each year. Unfortunately, in about 10-20 of cases, men with prostate cancer will go on to develop castration-resistant
prostate cancer, or CRPC, which refers to prostate cancer that progresses despite androgen deprivation therapy. Metastatic CRPC, or mCRPC,
occurs when the cancer spreads to other parts of the body and there is a rising prostate-specific antigen, PSA, level. This stage of
prostate cancer has an average survival of 9-13 months, is associated with deterioration in quality of life, and has few therapeutic
options available. 

Recent
data regarding checkpoint inhibitor monotherapy has shown some antitumor activity that provides disease control in a subset of patients
with bone predominant mCRPC previously treated with next generation hormonal agents and docetaxel. Data from the KEYNOTE-199 trial in
bone predominant-mCRPC patients treated with KEYTRUDA , or pembrolizumab, was updated at the ASCO GU meeting in 2019. In this trial,
the total stable disease/disease stabilization rate was 39 with no responses reported so far, and only one patient with 50 decrease
in the post-baseline PSA value. It is hypothesized that the limited activity in mCRPC may be due to 1) the inability of the checkpoint
inhibitor to infiltrate the tumor microenvironment and 2) the presence of an immunosuppressive tumor micro-environment, or TME. The combination
therapy with agents like Lm constructs that induce T cell infiltration within the tumor and decrease negative regulators
in the TME may improve performance of checkpoints in prostate cancer. 

Lm Technology
constructs demonstrated the ability to induce anti-tumor T cell responses and T cell infiltration in the TME and to reduce the
number and suppressive function of Tregs and MDSCs in the TME. For example, destruction of Tregs in the TME has been documented as
soon as five days after dosing Lm constructs in models. This reduction of immune suppression in the tumors has been
attributed to our proprietary tLLO -fusion peptides expressed by multiple copies of the plasmids in each bacteria. Because of
all these effects, it is hypothesized that Lm constructs can turn cold prostate tumors into hot
tumors that better respond to checkpoint inhibitors. Advaxis believes that the combination of
ADXS-PSA, its immunotherapy designed to target the PSA antigen, with a checkpoint inhibitor may provide an alternative
treatment option for patients with mCRPC. 

New
Ayala entered into a clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with Merck to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ADXS-PSA as
monotherapy and in combination with KEYTRUDA , Merck s anti PD-1 antibody, in a Phase 1/2, open-label, multicenter, dose
determination and expansion trial in patients with previously treated metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer
(KEYNOTE-046). ADXS-PSA was tested alone or in combination with KEYTRUDA in an advanced and heavily pretreated patient population
who had progressed on androgen deprivation therapy. A total of 13 and 37 patients were evaluated on monotherapy and combination
therapy, respectively. For the ADXS-PSA monotherapy dose escalation and determination portion of the trial, cohorts were started at
a dose of 1 x 10 9 cfu (n=7) and successfully escalated to higher dose levels of 5x10 9 cfu (n=3) and
1x10 10 cfu (n=3) without achieving a maximum tolerated dose. TEAEs noted at these higher dose levels were generally
consistent with those observed at the lower dose level (1 x 10 9 cfu) other than a higher occurrence rate of Grade 2/3
hypotension. The Recommended Phase II Dose of ADXS-PSA monotherapy was determined to be 1x 10 9 cfu based on a review of
the totality of the clinical data. This dose was used in combination with 200mg of pembrolizumab in a cohort of six patients to
evaluate the safety of the combination before moving into an expanded cohort of patients. The safety of the combination was
confirmed and enrollment in the expansion cohort phase was initiated. Enrollment in the study was completed in January
2017. 

10 

At
the final data cutoff of September 16, 2019, median overall survival for 37 patients in the combination arm was 33.6 months (95 CI,
range 15.4-33.6 months). This updated median overall survival is an increase from the previous data presented at the American Association
for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in April 2019, where median overall survival was 21.1 months in the combination arm. The combination
of ADXS-PSA with KEYTRUDA , might be associated with prolonged OS in this population, particularly in patients with unmet medical
needs like visceral metastasis (16.4 months, range 4.0 - not reached) and those with prior docetaxel (16 months, range 6.4-34.6). The
majority of TEAEs consisted of transient and reversible Grade 1-2 chills/rigors, fever, hypotension, nausea and fatigue. The combination
of ADXS-PSA and KEYTRUDA has appeared to be well-tolerated to date, with no additive toxicity observed. The Company presented these
new data at the ASCO Genitourinary Cancers Symposium in San Francisco, CA. on February 2020 and the final results were published in the
peer-reviewed journal The Oncologist in 2022. New Ayala has also completed the clinical study report for the ADXS-PSA study. 

Other
Lm Technology Products 

HER2
Expressing Solid Tumors 

HER2
is overexpressed in a percentage of solid tumors including osteosarcoma. According to published literature, up to 60 of
osteosarcomas are HER2 positive, and this overexpression is associated with poor outcomes for patients. ADXS-HER2 is an Lm Technology
antigen delivery product candidate designed to target HER2 expressing solid tumors including human and canine osteosarcoma.
ADXS-HER2 has received FDA and EMA ODD for osteosarcoma and has received Fast Track designation from the FDA for patients with
newly-diagnosed, non-metastatic, surgically-resectable osteosarcoma. 

A
phase 1B dose escalation study of ADXS31-164 in subjects with HER-2 expressing tumors was completed, and the database lock was completed
in November 2018. Overall, ADXS31-164 IV infusion at the dose of 1 10 9 CFU appeared to be safe and well tolerated in
12 subjects treated and evaluable. No objective responses were observed in this late stage heavily pre-treated patient cohort. The results
of this study were primarily intended to describe the safety and tolerability of ADXS31-164. This study was not intended to contribute
to the evaluation of the effectiveness of ADXS31-164 for the treatment of patients with a history of HER2 expressing tumors. New Ayala
has completed the clinical study report and it has been transferred along with the ADXS31-164 program-IND to OS Therapies, as described
below. 

In
September 2018, the Company announced that it had granted a license to OS Therapies, LLC, or OS Therapies, for the use of ADXS31-164,
also known as ADXS-HER2, for evaluation in the treatment of osteosarcoma in humans. Under the terms of the license agreement, OS Therapies,
in collaboration with the Children s Oncology Group, will be responsible for the conduct and funding of a clinical study evaluating
ADXS-HER2 in recurrent, completely resected osteosarcoma. In December 2020 and January 2021, we received an aggregate of 1,415,000 from
OS Therapies upon achievement of the 1,550,000 funding milestone set forth in the license agreement. In April 2021, the Company achieved
the second milestone set forth in the license agreement for evaluation in the treatment of osteosarcoma in humans and received the amount
due from OS Therapies of 1,375,000 in May 2021. For more information, see Note 12, Licensing Agreements of the
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. 

Canine
Osteosarcoma 

On
March 19, 2014, we entered into a definitive Exclusive License Agreement, or Aratana Agreement, with Aratana Therapeutics, Inc., or Aratana,
where we granted Aratana an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license, with the right to sublicense, certain of our proprietary technology
that enables Aratana to develop and commercialize animal health products that will be targeted for treatment of osteosarcoma and other
cancer indications in animals. A product license request was filed by Aratana for ADXS-HER2 (also known as AT-014 by Aratana) for the
treatment of canine osteosarcoma with the United States Department of Agriculture, or USDA. Aratana received communication in December
2017 that the USDA granted Aratana conditional licensure for AT-014 for the treatment of dogs diagnosed with osteosarcoma, one year of
age or older. Initially, Aratana plans to make the therapeutic available for purchase at approximately two dozen veterinary oncology
practice groups across the United States who participate in the study. Aratana received communication in December 2017 that the USDA
granted Aratana conditional licensure for AT-014 for the treatment of dogs diagnosed with osteosarcoma, one year of age or older. Aratana
is currently conducting an extended field study which is a requirement for full USDA licensure. Initially, Aratana plans to make the
therapeutic available for purchase at approximately two dozen veterinary oncology practice groups across the United States who participate
in the study. 

11 

Under
the terms of the Aratana Agreement, Aratana paid an upfront payment to New Ayala in the amount of 1,000,000 upon signing of the Aratana
Agreement. Aratana will also pay New Ayala: (a) up to 36.5 million based on the achievement of milestone relating to the advancement of
products through the approval process with the USDA in the United States and the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union,
or E.U., in all four therapeutic areas and up to an additional 15 million in cumulative sales milestones based on achievement of gross
sales revenue targets for sales of any and all products for use in non-human animal health applications, or the Aratana Field, (regardless
of therapeutic area), and (b) tiered royalties starting at 5 and going up to 10 , which will be paid based on net sales of any and all
products (regardless of therapeutic area) in the Aratana Field in the United States. Royalties for sales of products outside of the United
States will be paid at a rate equal to half of the royalty rate payable by Aratana on net sales of products in the United States (starting
at 2.5 and going up to 5 ). Royalties will be payable on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis from first commercial sale
of a product in a country until the later of (a) the 10th anniversary of first commercial sale of such product by Aratana, its affiliates
or sub licensees in such country or (b) the expiration of the last-to-expire valid claim of our patents or joint patents claiming or
covering the composition of matter, formulation or method of use of such product in such country. Aratana will also pay us 50 of all
sublicense royalties received by Aratana and its affiliates. In fiscal year 2019, the Company received approximately 8,000 in royalty
revenue from Aratana. Additionally, in July 2019, Aratana announced that their shareholders approved a merger agreement with Elanco Animal
Health, or Elanco, whereby Elanco is now the majority shareholder of Aratana. On October 6, 2020, the Company received a notice from
Aratana, dated September 17, 2020, indicating that Aratana was terminating the Exclusive License Agreement effective December 21, 2020.
The Company did not incur any early termination penalties as a result of the termination. Aratana was required to make all payments to
the Company that were otherwise payable under the Exclusive License Agreement through the effective date of termination. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were originally incorporated in the State of Colorado on June 5, 1987 under the name Great Expectations, Inc. We were a publicly-traded
 shell company without any business until November 12, 2004 when we acquired New Ayala, a Delaware corporation, through
a Share Exchange and Reorganization Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2004, which we refer to as the Share Exchange, by and among New Ayala,
the stockholders of New Ayala and us. As a result of the Share Exchange, New Ayala became our wholly-owned subsidiary and our sole operating
company. On December 23, 2004, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation and changed our name to New Ayala. On June 6,
2006, our stockholders approved the reincorporation of our company from Colorado to Delaware by merging the Colorado entity into our
wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary. Our date of inception, for financial statement purposes, is March 1, 2002 and the Company was listed
on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq in 2014. In December 2021, the Company was delisted from Nasdaq and accepted onto
the OTCQX. Shares of New Ayala s common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQX under the symbol ADXS. We have filed
an application for listing on Nasdaq, and intend to undertake the actions necessary to allow our common stock to be uplisted from the
OTCQX to Nasdaq. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 9 Deer Park Drive, Suite K-1, Monmouth Junction, New Jersey 08852, and our telephone number
is (609) 452-9813. We maintain a corporate website at www.ayalapharma.com which contains descriptions of our technology, our product candidates
and the development status of each drug. We make available free of charge through our internet website our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We are not including the information on our website
as a part of, nor incorporating it by reference into, this report. The SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly, and current
reports, proxy statements, and other information that issuers (including us) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website
address is http://www.sec.gov. 

12 

Intellectual
Property 

Protection
of our intellectual property is important to our business. We have a robust patent portfolio that protects our product candidates and
 Lm -based immunotherapy technology. Currently, we own or have rights to several hundred patents and applications, which are owned,
licensed from, or co-owned with University of Pennsylvania, or Penn, Merck, National Institute of Health, or NIH, and/or Augusta University.
We aggressively prosecute and defend our patents and proprietary technology. Our patents and applications are directed to the compositions
of matter, use, and methods thereof, of our Lm -LLO immunotherapies for our product candidates, including AXAL, ADXS-PSA, ADXS-HOT,
ADXS-HER2. We have and may continue to abandon prosecuting certain patents that are not strategically aligned with the direction of the
Company. 

Our
approach to the intellectual property portfolio is to create, maintain, protect, enforce and defend our proprietary rights for the products
we develop from our immunotherapy technology platform. We endeavor to maintain a coherent and aggressive strategic approach to building
our patent portfolio with an emphasis in the field of cancer vaccines. Issued patents which are directed to AXAL, ADXS-PSA, and ADXS-HER2
in the United States, will expire between 2021 and 2032. Issued patents directed to our product candidates AXAL, ADXS-PSA, and ADXS-HER2
outside of the United States, will expire in 2032. Issued patents directed to our Lm -based immunotherapy platform in the United
States, will expire between 2021 and 2031. Issued patents directed to our Lm -based immunotherapy platform outside of the United
States, will expire between 2021 and 2033. 

We
have pending patent applications directed to our product candidates AXAL, ADXS-PSA, ADXS-HER2, and ADXS-HOT that, if issued would expire
in the United States and in countries outside of the United States between 2021 and 2037. We have pending patent applications directed
to methods of using of our product candidates AXAL, ADXS-PSA, ADXS-HOT, ADXS-HER2 directed to the following indications and others: prostate
cancer and her2/neu-expressing cancer, that, if issued would expire in the United States and in countries outside of the United States
between 2021 and 2037, depending on the specific indications. 

We
will be able to protect our technology from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent it is covered by valid and enforceable
patents or is effectively maintained as trade secrets. Patents and other proprietary rights are an essential element of our business. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology, and
know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights.
Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related
to our proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade
secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 

Any
patent applications which we have filed or will file or to which we have or will have license rights may not issue, and patents that
do issue may not contain commercially valuable claims. In addition, any patents issued to us or our licensors may not afford meaningful
protection for our products or technology, or may be subsequently circumvented, invalidated, narrowed, or found unenforceable. Our processes
and potential products may also conflict with patents which have been or may be granted to competitors, academic institutions or others.
As the pharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our processes and potential products may
give rise to interferences filed by others in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or to claims of patent infringement by other companies,
institutions or individuals. These entities or persons could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin clinical
testing, manufacturing and marketing of the related product or process. In recent years, several companies have been extremely aggressive
in challenging patents covering pharmaceutical products, and the challenges have often been successful. If any of these actions are successful,
in addition to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to cease the infringing activity or obtain a license in order
to continue to manufacture or market the relevant product or process. We may not prevail in any such action and any license required
under any such patent may not be made available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our failure to successfully defend a patent challenge
or to obtain a license to any technology that we may require to commercialize our technologies or potential products could have a materially
adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States
and other countries may materially diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

13 

We
also rely upon unpatented proprietary technology, and in the future may determine in some cases that our interests would be better served
by reliance on trade secrets or confidentiality agreements rather than patents or licenses. We may not be able to protect our rights
to such unpatented proprietary technology and others may independently develop substantially equivalent technologies. If we are unable
to obtain strong proprietary rights to our processes or products after obtaining regulatory clearance, competitors may be able to market
competing processes and products. 

Others
may obtain patents having claims which cover aspects of our products or processes which are necessary for, or useful to, the development,
use or manufacture of our services or products. Should any other group obtain patent protection with respect to our discoveries, our
commercialization of potential therapeutic products and methods could be limited or prohibited. 

The
Drug Development Process 

The
product candidates in our pipeline are at various stages of clinical development. The path to regulatory approval includes multiple phases
of clinical trials in which we collect data that will ultimately support an application to regulatory authorities to allow us to market
a product for the treatment, of a specific type of cancer. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in research and development
of new products, resulting in high costs and variable success rates. Bringing a drug from discovery to regulatory approval, and ultimately
to market, takes many years and significant costs. 

The
process required by the FDA before product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice,
 or GLP, regulations; 

submission to the FDA of
 an IND which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin at United States clinical trial sites; 

approval by an IRB for
 each clinical site, or centrally, before each trial may be initiated; 

adequate and well-controlled
 human clinical trials to establish the product candidate s safety, purity, and potency for its intended use, performed in accordance
 with GCPs; 

development of manufacturing
 processes to ensure the product candidate s identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency; 

submission to the FDA of
 a BLA; 

satisfactory completion
 of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion
 of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the products are produced to assess compliance with cGMPs
 and to assure that the facilities, methods, and controls are adequate to preserve the therapeutics identity, strength, quality,
 purity, and potency as well as satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of selected clinical sites and selected clinical investigators
 to determine GCP compliance; and 

14 

FDA review
 and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing for particular indications for use. 

Preclinical
studies include laboratory evaluation of chemistry, pharmacology, toxicity, and product formulation, as well as animal studies to assess
potential safety and efficacy. Such studies must generally be conducted in accordance with the FDA s GLPs. Prior to commencing
the first clinical trial at a United States investigational site with a product candidate, an IND sponsor must submit the results of
the preclinical tests and preclinical literature, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data
or literature, and proposed clinical study protocols among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND automatically becomes effective
30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA notifies the applicant of safety concerns or questions related to one or more proposed
clinical trials and places the trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns
before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during trials due to safety
concerns or non-compliance. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during
product development. 

Clinical
testing, known as clinical trials or clinical studies, is either conducted internally by pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies or
managed on behalf of these companies by Clinical Research Organizations, or CROs. The process of conducting clinical studies is highly
regulated by the FDA, as well as by other governmental and professional bodies. In a clinical trial, participants receive specific interventions
according to the research plan or protocol created by the study sponsor and implemented by study investigators. Clinical trials must
be conducted in accordance with federal regulations and GCP requirements, which include the requirements that all research subjects provide
their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial, as well as review and approval of the study by an IRB.
Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent data safety monitoring board, which reviews data and advises the study
sponsor on study continuation. A protocol for each clinical trial, and any subsequent protocol amendments, must be submitted to the FDA
as part of the IND. 

Clinical
trials may compare a new medical approach to a standard one that is already available or to a placebo that contains no active ingredients
or to no intervention. Some clinical trials compare interventions that are already available to each other. When a new product or approach
is being studied, it is not usually known whether it will be helpful, harmful, or no different than available alternatives. The investigators
try to determine the safety and efficacy of the intervention by measuring certain clinical outcomes in the participants. 

Phase
1 . Phase 1 clinical trials begin when regulatory agencies allow initiation of clinical investigation of a new drug or product candidate.
They typically involve testing an investigational new drug on a limited number of patients. Phase 1 studies determine a drug s
basic safety, maximum tolerated dose, mechanism of action and how the drug is absorbed by, and eliminated from, the body. Typically,
cancer therapies are initially tested on late-stage cancer patients. 

Phase
2 . Phase 2 clinical trials involve larger numbers of patients that have been diagnosed with the targeted disease or condition. Phase
2 clinical trials gather preliminary data on effectiveness (where the drug works in people who have a certain disease or condition) and
to determine the common short-term side effects and risks associated with the drug. If Phase 2 clinical trials show that an investigational
new drug has an acceptable range of safety risks and probable effectiveness, a company will continue to evaluate the investigational
new drug in Phase 3 studies. 

Phase
3 . Phase 3 clinical trials are typically controlled multi-center trials that involve a larger number of patients to ensure the study
results are statistically significant. The purpose is to confirm effectiveness and safety on a large scale and to provide an adequate
basis for physician labeling. These trials are generally global in nature and are designed to generate clinical data necessary to submit
an application for marketing approval to regulatory agencies. Typically, two Phase 3 trials are required for product approval. Under
limited circumstances, however, approval may be based upon a single adequate and well-controlled clinical trial plus confirmatory evidence
or a single large multicenter trial without confirmatory evidence. 

15 

The
FDA may also consider additional kinds of data in support of a BLA, such as patient experience data and real-world evidence. For genetically
targeted populations and variant protein targeted products intended to address an unmet medical need in one or more patient subgroups
with a serious or life threatening rare disease or condition, the FDA may allow a sponsor to rely upon data and information previously
developed by the sponsor or for which the sponsor has a right of reference, that was submitted previously to support an approved application
for a product that incorporates or utilizes the same or similar genetically targeted technology or a product that is the same or utilizes
the same variant protein targeted drug as the product that is the subject of the application. 

Reports
regarding clinical study progress must be submitted to the FDA and IRB on an annual basis. Additional reports are required if serious
adverse events or other significant safety information is found. Certain reports may also be required to be submitted to the IBC. Investigational
biologics must additionally be manufactured in accordance with cGMPs, imported in accordance with FDA requirements, and exported in accordance
with the requirements of the receiving country as well as FDA. 

Additionally,
under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, BLAs or BLA supplements for a new active ingredient, dosage form, dosage regimen, or
route of administration, unless subject to the below requirement for molecularly targeted cancer products, must contain data to assess
the safety and effectiveness of the product in all relevant pediatric subpopulations. The FDA may, however, grant deferrals or full or
partial waivers of this requirement. PREA does not apply to orphan designated products approved solely for the orphan indication. 

If
a product is intended for the treatment of adult cancer and is directed at molecular targets that the FDA determines to be substantially
relevant to the growth or progression of pediatric cancer, even if the product has orphan designation, the application sponsors must
submit, reports from molecularly targeted pediatric cancer investigations designed to yield clinically meaningful pediatric study data,
gathered using appropriate formulations for each applicable age group, to inform potential pediatric labeling. Like PREA, FDA may grant
deferrals or waivers of some or all of this data requirement. 

Certain
gene therapy studies are also subject to the National Institutes of Health s Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant DNA
Molecules, or NIH Guidelines. The NIH Guidelines include the review of the study by a local institutional committee called an institutional
biosafety committee, or IBC. The IBC assesses the compliance of the research with the NIH Guidelines, assesses the safety of the research
and identifies any potential risk to public health or the environment. 

In
addition to the regulations discussed above, there are a number of additional standards that apply to clinical trials involving the use
of gene therapy. The FDA has issued various guidance documents regarding gene therapies, which outline additional factors that the FDA
will consider during product development. These include guidance regarding preclinical studies; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls;
the measurement of product potency; how FDA will determine whether a gene therapy product is the same as another product for the purpose
of the agency s orphan drug regulations; and long term patient and clinical study subject follow up and regulatory reporting. 

To
lessen the burden of subjects being required to travel to the clinic for an onsite visit during the Lm surveillance phase of the
studies, the Lm surveillance period was reduced to 1 year instead of 3 years based on an agreement with the FDA in November 2020. 

Biologic
License Application (BLA) . During clinical trials, companies usually also complete additional preclinical studies. Companies further
develop additional information about the product candidate s physical characteristics and finalize the cGMP manufacturing process.
The results of the clinical trials using biologics are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA. Following the completion of Phase 3 studies,
if the sponsor of a potential product in the United States believes it has sufficient information to support the safety and effectiveness
of the investigational biologic, the sponsor submits a BLA to the FDA requesting marketing approval. The application is a comprehensive
filing that includes the results of all preclinical and clinical studies, information about the product s composition, and the
sponsor s plans for manufacturing, packaging, labeling and testing the investigational new product 

16 

Subject
to certain exceptions, the BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee at the time of the first submission. FDA has 60 days from
its receipt of a BLA to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete for filing and for a substantive review. If the FDA
determines that the NDA is incomplete, the FDA may refuse to file the application, in which case the applicant must address the FDA identified
deficiencies before refiling. After the BLA is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the application to determine whether the product
meets FDA s approval standards. The FDA aims to complete its review within ten months of the 60-day filing date. For products that
present significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of serious conditions FDA
aims to complete its review within 6 months of the 60-day filing date. The FDA, however, does not always meet its review goal. The review
goal date may also be extended if FDA requests or the sponsor provides additional information regarding the application. As part of the
approval process, FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites, as well as the facility or the facilities at which the product
is manufactured to ensure GCP and cGMP compliance. 

FDA
may also refer an application for review by an independent advisory committee. Specifically, for a product candidate for which no active
ingredient (including any ester or salt of active ingredients) has previously been approved by the FDA, the FDA must either refer that
product candidate to an advisory committee or provide in an action letter, a summary of the reasons why the FDA did not refer the product
candidate to an advisory committee. While FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, it does carefully consider
the committee s recommendations. 

After
evaluating the application, FDA may issue an approval letter, authorizing product marketing, or a Complete Response Letter, or CRL, indicating
that the application is not ready for approval. The CRL describes the application s deficiencies and conditions that must be met
for product approval. If a CRL is issued, the applicant may resubmit the application, addressing the deficiencies, withdraw the application,
or request a hearing. Even with submission of additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application is not approvable. 

If
approval is granted, the FDA may limit the indications for use, including the indicated population, require contraindications, warnings
or precautions be included in the product labeling, including black box warnings, or may not approve label statements necessary for successful
commercialization. FDA may also require, or companies may conduct, additional clinical trials following approval, called Phase 4 studies,
which can confirm or refute the effectiveness of a product candidate, and can provide important safety information. FDA may also require
the implementation of a REMS which may include requirements for a medication guide or patient package insert, a communication plan on
product risks, or other elements to assure safe use. 

After
approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or label claims, which may themselves require
further clinical testing, or changing the manufacturing process are subject to further FDA review and approval. FDA can also require
the implementation REMS or the conduct of phase 4 studies after product approval. 

Government
Regulations 

General 

Government
authorities in the United States and other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the preclinical and clinical testing,
manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of biopharmaceutical
and drug products. In the United States, the FDA subjects drugs to rigorous review under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or
FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and implementing regulations. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Under
the ODA, the FDA may grant ODD, to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which means a disease
or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States,
but for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug or biological product available in the
United States will be recovered from domestic sales of the product. Additionally, sponsors must present a plausible hypothesis for clinical
superiority to obtain ODD if there is a product already approved by the FDA that that is considered by the FDA to be the same as the
already approved product and is intended for the same indication. This hypothesis must be demonstrated to obtain orphan exclusivity. 

17 

The
benefits of ODD can be substantial, including research and development tax credits, grants and exemption from user fees. The tax advantages,
however, were limited in the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Moreover, if there is no other product that the FDA considers to be the same
product that is approve for the orphan indication, the orphan designated product is eligible for 7 years of orphan market exclusivity
once the product is approved. During that period, the FDA generally may not approve any other application for the same product for the
same indication, although there are exceptions, most notably when the later product is shown to be clinically superior to the product
with exclusivity. Other applicants, however, may receive approval of different products for the orphan indication or the same product
for a different indication during the orphan exclusivity period. In order to qualify for these incentives, a company must apply for designation
of its product as an Orphan Drug and obtain approval from the FDA. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage
in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 

We
currently have ODD with the FDA for AXAL for treatment of anal cancer (granted August 2013), HPV-associated head and neck cancer (granted
November 2013); and treatment of Stage II-IV invasive cervical cancer (granted May 2014). We also have ODD with the FDA for ADXS-HER2
for the treatment of osteosarcoma (granted May 2014). 

In
Europe, the Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, COMP, has issued a positive opinion on the application for ODD of AXAL for the treatment
of anal cancer (December 2015) and on the application for ODD of ADXS-HER2 for osteosarcoma (November 2015). 

Expedited
Review and Approval Programs for Serious Conditions 

Four
core FDA programs are intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new biologics to address unmet medical need in the
treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions: Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval,
and priority review. We intend to avail ourselves of any and all of these programs as applicable to our products. 

FDA
is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of products that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition, and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program,
the sponsor of a new biologic product candidate may request that FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast
Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the product candidate. FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies
for Fast Track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. If Fast Track designation is obtained, sponsors
may be eligible for more frequent development meetings and correspondence with the FDA. FDA may also initiate review of sections of a
Fast Track product s BLA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and FDA
approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, FDA s
time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the BLA is submitted. 

Under
FDA s accelerated approval programs, FDA may approve a product for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful
therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical
benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to
predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence
of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 

In
clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for
a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly
than clinical endpoints. A product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including
the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required
post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow FDA to withdraw the product from the market
on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review
by FDA. 

18 

Under
the provisions of the FDA Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, enacted in 2012, a sponsor can request designation of a product candidate
as a breakthrough therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a product that is intended, alone or in combination with
one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates
that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such
as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Products designated as breakthrough therapies are eligible for
intensive guidance on an efficient development program beginning as early as Phase 1 trials, a commitment from the FDA to involve senior
managers and experienced review staff in a proactive collaborative and cross-disciplinary review, rolling review, and the facilitation
of cross-disciplinary review. 

Another
expedited pathway is the Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy, or RMAT, designation. Qualifying products must be a cell therapy, therapeutic
tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or a combination of such products, and not a product solely regulated as a
human cell and tissue product. The product must be intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease
or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence must indicate that the product has the potential to address an unmet need for such disease
or condition. Advantages of the RMAT designation include all the benefits of the Fast Track and breakthrough therapy designation programs,
including early interactions with the FDA. These early interactions may be used to discuss potential surrogate or intermediate endpoints
to support accelerated approval. 

Even
if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for
qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 

Disclosure
of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors
of clinical trials of FDA regulated products, including biologics, are required to register and submit certain clinical trial information
within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their clinicaltrials.gov website.
Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, Trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the
clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical
trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years, depending
on the circumstances, after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge
regarding the progress of development programs. 

Coverage,
Pricing and Reimbursement 

Successful
commercialization of new drug products depends in part on the extent to which reimbursement for those drug products will be available
from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party
payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drug products they will pay for and establish
reimbursement levels. The availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients
to be able to afford a drug product. Sales of drug products depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which
the costs of drugs products are paid for by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations,
or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. 

19 

A
primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors
have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular drug products. In many countries,
the prices of drug products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices
of drug products under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own
prices for drug products, but monitor and control company profits. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement
for drug products may be reduced compared with the United States. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for
new drug products are typically made by CMS an agency within HHS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new drug product will be covered
and reimbursed under certain federal governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare, and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial
degree. However, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement
levels for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. In the United States, the process for determining whether a third-party
payor will provide coverage for a biological product typically is separate from the process for setting the price of such product or
for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. With respect to biologics,
third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all
of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication, or place products at certain formulary levels that result in lower reimbursement
levels and higher cost sharing obligation imposed on patients. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our product candidates
could reduce physician utilization of a product. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does
not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable a manufacturer
to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on its investment in product development. Additionally, coverage
and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular
medical product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product, or will provide coverage at an
adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process usually requires manufacturers to provide scientific and
clinical support for the use of their products to each payor separately and is a time-consuming process. 

Coverage
policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained
for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented
in the future. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical
necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If third-party
payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover that product after FDA
approval or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a manufacturer to sell its product at a profit. 

In
addition, in many foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements
governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. In the European Union, governments influence the price
of products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost
of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed
once a reimbursement price has been agreed to by the government. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries
may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product to currently available therapies.
Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. There can be no assurance
that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement
and pricing arrangements for any of our products. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription products,
has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some
countries, cross border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country (particularly in the
EEA where it is illegal to impede such imports from elsewhere within the EEA). 

Other
Healthcare Laws 

Manufacturing,
sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in
the United States in addition to the FDA, including CMS, the HHS Office of Inspector General and HHS Office for Civil Rights, other divisions
of the HHS and the Department of Justice. 

Healthcare
providers, physicians, and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which
we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, healthcare providers and physicians may expose
us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements
and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any drugs for which we obtain marketing approval. In the United States,
these laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, physician transparency, and patient data privacy
and security laws and regulations, including but not limited to those described below. 

20 

The
AKS prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving or providing
any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging
for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare,
Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of
value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers on the one hand
and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and beneficiaries on the other hand. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions
and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Failure
to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per
se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review
of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose
of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated.
In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have
committed a violation. Moreover, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the FCA. 

Although
we would not submit claims directly to payors, drug manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA, which imposes civil penalties, including
through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities (including manufacturers) for, among other things, knowingly
presenting, or causing to be presented to federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services, including
drugs, that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items
or services. The government may deem manufacturers to have caused the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for
example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. Several biopharmaceutical,
medical device and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under the FCA and civil monetary penalty laws for, among other things,
allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other
companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for unapproved
(e.g., or off-label), and thus non-covered, uses. In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person
who is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know
is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Claims which include items or services resulting
from a violation of the federal AKS are false or fraudulent claims for purposes of the FCA. 

Our
future marketing and activities relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, if approved, the
reporting of prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement
for our products, and the sale and marketing of our product candidates, are subject to scrutiny under these laws. 

HIPAA,
created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to
execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property
owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully
embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and
knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent
statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity
does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

In
addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and certain other healthcare
providers. The Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, imposed, among other things, new annual reporting requirements through the Physician
Payments Sunshine Act for covered manufacturers for certain payments and transfers of value provided to physicians and
teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit
timely, accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value and ownership or investment interests
may result in civil monetary penalties. Covered manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year and
the reported information is publicly made available on a searchable website. 

21 

We
may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
HIPAA, as amended by HITECH and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule published on January
25, 2013, impose specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information
held by covered entities and their business associates. Among other things, HITECH made HIPAA s security standards directly applicable
to business associates, defined as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain
or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity, although it is
unclear that we would be considered a business associate in the normal course of our business. HITECH also increased the
civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state
attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws
and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and
security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the
same requirements, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Similar
state and foreign fraud and abuse laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing
arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services. Such laws are generally broad and are enforced by various state agencies
and private actions. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply
regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Some state laws require pharmaceutical
companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant federal government compliance
guidance, and require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other
healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or drug pricing. 

In
order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale
distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products
into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements
on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require
manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain.
Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs,
file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities,
and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician
prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and
marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform,
especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased
their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions,
convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business
practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare
laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that
may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual
damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs from government funded healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations
and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with
these laws, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. If any of the physicians
or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they
may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.
Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government
authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 

22 

Current
and Future Legislation 

In
the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding
the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities
and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We expect that current laws,
as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional
downward pressure on the price that we, or any collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 

The
ACA, for example, contains provisions that subject biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars and may
reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extend Medicaid
rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, provide for mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees
based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs. With the current Congress, there will likely
be additional administrative or legislative changes, including modification, repeal or replacement of all, or certain provisions of
the ACA, which may impact reimbursement for drugs and biologics. On January 20, 2017, former President Trump signed an Executive
Order directing federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the ACA to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or
delay the implementation of any provision of the ACA that would impose a fiscal or regulatory burden on states, individuals,
healthcare providers, health insurers, or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices. On October 13, 2017, former President
Trump signed an Executive Order terminating the cost-sharing subsidies that reimburse insurers under the ACA. Several state
Attorneys General filed suit to stop the administration from terminating the subsidies, but their lawsuit was dismissed by a federal
judge in California on July 18, 2018. In addition, CMS has recently finalized regulations that would give states greater flexibility
in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the
essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. Further, each chamber of Congress has put
forth multiple bills, and may do so again in the future, designed to repeal or repeal and replace portions of the ACA. 

While
Congress has not passed repeal legislation, the Tax Reform Act includes a provision that repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based
shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part
of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or the BBA,
among other things, amended the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to increase from 50 percent to 70 percent the point-of-sale discount
that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D and to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans,
commonly referred to as the donut hole. Congress may consider other legislation to repeal and replace elements of the ACA.
On December 14, 2018, a U.S. District Court judge in the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate portion of the
ACA is an essential and inseverable feature of the ACA, and therefore because the mandate was repealed as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act, the remaining provisions of the ACA are invalid as well. The Trump administration and CMS have both stated that the ruling will
have no immediate effect, and on December 30, 2018 the same judge issued an order staying the judgment pending appeal. A Fifth Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals hearing to determine whether certain states and the House of Representatives have standing to appeal the lower
court decision was held on July 9, 2019, but it is unclear when a Court will render its decision on this hearing, and what effect it
will have on the status of the ACA. Litigation and legislation over the ACA are likely to continue, with unpredictable and uncertain
results. 

Additionally,
other federal health reform measures have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted: 

The Budget
 Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit
 Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable
 to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. These changes
 included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013
 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA, will remain in effect through 2027, unless additional
 Congressional action is taken. 

23 

The American
 Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations
 period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 

The Middle Class Tax Relief
 and Job Creation Act of 2012 required that CMS reduce the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule by 2 in 2013, which served as
 a base for 2014 and subsequent years. In addition, effective January 1, 2014, CMS also began bundling the Medicare payments for certain
 laboratory tests ordered while a patient received services in a hospital outpatient setting. 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which
have resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency
to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement
methodologies for products. In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest
in implementing cost containment programs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution
of generic products for branded prescription drugs to limit the growth of government paid healthcare costs. For example, the U.S. government
has passed legislation requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide rebates and discounts to certain entities and governmental payors
to participate in federal healthcare programs. Further, Congress and the current administration have each indicated that it will continue
to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs, and the current administration recently released a Blueprint ,
or plan, to reduce the cost of drugs. The Blueprint contains certain measures that HHS is already working to implement. For example,
in May 2019, CMS issued a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January
1, 2020. This final rule codified CMS s policy change that was effective January 1, 2019. Congress has indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. Individual states
in the United States have also been increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical
and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access
and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and
bulk purchasing. 

Non-U.S.
Regulation 

Before
our products can be marketed outside the United States, they are subject to regulatory approval of the respective authorities in the
country in which the product should be marketed. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing
and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. No action can be taken to market any product in a country until an appropriate
application has been approved by the regulatory authorities in that country. The time spent in gaining approval varies from that required
for FDA approval, and in certain countries, the sales price of a product must also be approved. The pricing review period often begins
after market approval is granted. Even if a product is approved by a regulatory authority, satisfactory prices might not be approved
for such product. 

24 

Collaborations,
Partnerships and Agreements 

Collaborations,
partnerships and agreements are a key component of New Ayala s corporate strategy. As a clinical stage biotechnology company without
sales revenue, partnerships are an essential part of the ongoing strategy. Additionally, the evolution of the field of immunotherapy
has resulted in combination treatments becoming ubiquitous; ongoing clinical studies and agreements with many of the leading, large oncology
pharmaceutical companies helps validate that Lm Technology may play a key role in the cancer treatment protocols of the future. 

Our
collaborators and partners include Merck, OS Therapies, Biocon, Global BioPharma, Knight, and others. For more information, see Note
12, Licensing Agreements of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item 8. 

We
entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Penn, on July 1, 2002 with respect to the innovative work of Yvonne Paterson,
Ph.D., Associate Dean for Research at the School of Nursing at Penn, and former Professor of Microbiology at Penn, in the area of innate
immunity, or the immune response attributed to immune cells, including dendritic cells, macrophages and natural killer cells, that respond
to pathogens non-specifically (subject to certain U.S. government rights). This agreement was amended and restated as of February 13,
2007, and, thereafter, has been amended from time to time. 

This
license, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, terminates upon the latter of (a) the expiration of the last to expire
of the Penn patent rights; or (b) twenty years after the effective date of the license. Penn may terminate the license agreement early
upon the occurrence of certain defaults by us, including, but not limited to, a material breach by us of the Penn license agreement that
is not cured within 60 days after notice of the breach is provided to us. 

The
license provides us with the exclusive commercial rights to the patent portfolio developed by Penn as of the effective date of the license,
in connection with Dr. Paterson and requires us to pay various milestone, legal, filing and licensing payments to commercialize the technology.
In exchange for the license, Penn received shares of our Common Stock. In addition, Penn is entitled to receive a non-refundable initial
license fee, royalty payments and milestone payments based on net sales and percentages of sublicense fees and certain commercial milestones.
Under the amended licensing agreement, Penn is entitled to receive 2.5 of net sales in the territory. Should annual net sales exceed
 250 million, the royalty rate will increase to 2.75 , but only with respect to those annual net sales in excess of 250 million. Additionally,
Penn will receive tiered sales milestone payments upon the achievement of cumulative global sales ranging between 250 million and 2
billion, with the maximum aggregate amounts payable to Penn in the event that maximum sales milestones are achieved is 40 million. Notwithstanding
these royalty rates, upon first in-human commercial sale (U.S. E.U.), we have agreed to pay Penn a total of 775,000 over a four-year
period as an advance minimum royalty, which shall serve as an advance royalty in conjunction with the above terms. In addition, under
the license, we are obligated to pay an annual maintenance fee of 100,000 commencing on December 31, 2010, and each December 31st thereafter
for the remainder of the term of the agreement until the first commercial sale of a Penn licensed product. We are responsible for filing
new patents and maintaining and defending the existing patents licensed to us and we are obligated to reimburse Penn for all attorney s
fees, expenses, official fees and other charges incurred in the preparation, prosecution and maintenance of the patents licensed from
Penn. 

Upon
first regulatory approval in humans (US or EU), Penn will be entitled to a milestone payment of 600,000. Furthermore, upon the achievement
of the first sale of a product in certain fields, Penn will be entitled to certain milestone payments, as follows: 2.5 million will
be due upon the first in-human commercial sale (US or EU) of the first product in the cancer field and 1.0 million will be due upon
the date of first in-human commercial sale (US or EU) of a product in each of the secondary strategic fields sold. 

Manufacturing 

cGMPs,
are the standards identified to conform to requirements by governmental agencies that control authorization and licensure for manufacture
and distribution of biologic products for either clinical investigations or commercial sale. GMPs identify the requirements for procurement,
manufacturing, testing, storage, distribution and the supporting quality systems to ensure that a drug product is safe for its intended
application. cGMPs are enforced in the United States by the FDA, under the authorities of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and
its implementing regulations and use the phrase current good manufacturing practices to describe these standards. 

25 

Each
of New Ayala s wholly owned product candidates is manufactured using a platform process, with uniform methods and testing procedures.
This allows for an expedited pathway from construct discovery to clinical product delivery, while helping to keep cost of goods low. 

New
Ayala has entered into agreements with multiple third-party organizations, or CMOs, to handle the manufacturing, testing, and
distribution of product candidates. These organizations have extensive experience within the biologics space and with the production
of clinical and commercial GMP supplies. 

Competition 

The
biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition.
As a result, our actual or proposed immunotherapies could become obsolete before we recoup any portion of our related research and development
expenses. While we believe that our product candidates, technology, knowledge and experience provide us with competitive advantages,
we face competition from established and emerging pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, among others. The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are highly competitive, and this competition comes from both biotechnology firms and from major pharmaceutical companies,
including: BioNtech, Moderna, Gritstone, BMS, AstraZeneca, Merck, Neon Therapeutics, et al., each of which is pursuing cancer vaccines
and/or immunotherapies. 

Many
of these companies have substantially greater financial, marketing, and human resources than we do (including, in some cases, substantially
greater experience in clinical testing, manufacturing, and marketing of pharmaceutical products). We also experience competition in the
development of our immunotherapies from universities and other research institutions and compete with others in acquiring technology
from such universities and institutions. In addition, certain of our immunotherapies may be subject to competition from investigational
new drugs and/or products developed using other technologies, some of which have completed numerous clinical trials. 

Our
competition will be determined in part by the potential indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory
authorities. Additionally, the timing of market introduction of some of our potential immunotherapies or of competitors products
may be an important competitive factor. Accordingly, the speed with which we can develop immunotherapies, complete preclinical testing,
clinical trials and approval processes and supply commercial quantities to market are expected to be important competitive factors. We
expect that competition among products approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, administration,
reliability, acceptance, availability, price and patent position. 

Experience
and Expertise 

Our
management team has extensive experience in oncology development, including contract research, development, manufacturing and commercialization
across a board range of science, technologies, and process operations. We have built internal capabilities supporting research, clinical,
medical, manufacturing and compliance operations and have extended our expertise with collaborations. 

Employees 

As
of October 31, 2022, we had 15 employees, 14 of which were full time employees. Of our full-time employees, 1 holds a Ph.D. degree. None
of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Properties 

New Ayala s
principal office is located at 9 Deer Park Drive, Suite K-1, Monmouth Junction, New Jersey 08852. We will continue to rent necessary
offices and laboratories to support our business. New Ayala believes that its facilities are sufficient to meet its current needs and that
suitable additional space will be available as and when needed. 

26 

Legal
Proceedings 

The
Company is from time to time involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. The Company does not believe that
any of these claims or proceedings against us is likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the financial
condition or results of operations. For more information regarding legal proceedings involving the Company, please see Note 8 
Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in New Ayala s Common Stock speculative or risky. This summary does
not address all of the risks that New Ayala faces. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other
risks that New Ayala faces, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together
with other information in this Form 10-K and New Ayala s other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding
New Ayala s Common Stock. 

New Ayala has
 incurred significant losses since its inception and anticipate that it will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 

New Ayala will require additional
 capital to fund its operations and if it fails to obtain necessary financing, it will not be able to complete the development and
 commercialization of its product candidates. 

The failure to successfully
 integrate the businesses and operations of Old Ayala and New Ayala in the expected time frame, and certain other factors relating to
 the Merger, may adversely affect the combined company s future results. 

Our auditor s report includes a going concern paragraph. 

New Ayala is significantly
 dependent on the success of its L m Technology platform and its product candidates based on this platform. 

If New Ayala is unable to
 establish, manage or maintain strategic collaborations in the future, its revenue and drug development may be limited. 

New Ayala is subject to certain
 U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations Trade
 Laws ). New Ayala can face serious consequences for violations. 

New Ayala depends upon its
 senior management and key consultants and their loss or unavailability could put it at a competitive disadvantage. 

The biotechnology and immunotherapy
 industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. New Ayala may be unable to compete
 with more substantial enterprises. 

New Ayala can provide no
 assurance that its clinical product candidates will obtain regulatory approval or that the results of clinical studies will be favorable. 

27 

Drug discovery
 and development is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process that is fraught with risk and a high rate of failure. 

New Ayala may face legal
 claims; legal disputes are expensive and New Ayala may not be able to afford the costs. 

New Ayala can provide no
 assurance of the successful and timely development of new products. 

Ongoing healthcare legislative
 and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on New Ayala s business and results of operations. 

New Ayala relies on patents
 to protect its technology. New Ayala may be unable to protect its intellectual property rights and it may be liable for infringing
 the intellectual property rights of others. 

The price of New Ayala s
 Common Stock and warrants may be volatile. 

Risk
Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other information provided to you in this annual report, including information
in the section of this document entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The risks and uncertainties described below are not
the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may
also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected, the value of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Introductory
Note 

The
following discussion sets forth the risk factors relating to the business of New Ayala as it existed prior to the Merger, as well as certain
risk factors relating to the Merger and the combined business of the Company following the Merger. In addition, we are incorporating
into this Item 1A the description of the risk factors relating to Old Ayala set forth in pages 64-131 of the Old Ayala Merger Proxy,
which pages are set forth on Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to New Ayala s Financial Position, Capital Needs and Strategic Considerations 

New
Ayala has incurred significant losses since its inception and anticipate that it will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable
future. 

New
Ayala is a clinical-stage biotechnology company. Investment in biotechnology product development is highly speculative because it
entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a product candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval
or become commercially viable. New Ayala has not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and it continues to incur
significant development and other expenses related to its ongoing operations. As a result, New Ayala is not profitable and have
incurred losses in each period since its inception. 

New Ayala
expects to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and it expects these losses to increase as it continues its development
of, and seek regulatory approvals for, New Ayala s product candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved products. New Ayala may
encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect its business.
The size of New Ayala s future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of its expenses and its ability to generate
revenues. If any of New Ayala s product candidates fail in clinical studies or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fails
to achieve market acceptance, New Ayala may never become profitable. Even if New Ayala achieves profitability in the future, it may not be
able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. New Ayala s prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue
to have an adverse effect on its stockholders (deficit) equity and working capital. 

28 

New Ayala
will require additional capital to fund its operations and if it fails to obtain necessary financing, it will not be able to complete
the development and commercialization of its product candidates. 

The
research and development of New Ayala s products have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. New Ayala expects to continue
to invest in advancing the clinical development of its product candidates and to commercialize any product candidates for which it receives
regulatory approval. As of October 31, 2022, New Ayala had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 25.2 million. New Ayala will require
additional capital for the further development of its product candidates. New Ayala is pursuing various ways to support its development
efforts including debt and/or equity financing as well as targeting potential collaborators of its products. 

New Ayala
cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If New Ayala is unable to raise additional
capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to it, New Ayala may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development
or commercialization of one or more of its products or product candidates or one or more of its other research and development initiatives.
New Ayala s forecast of the period of time through which its financial resources will be adequate to support its operations is a forward-looking
statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors
discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. New Ayala has based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong,
and it could utilize its available capital resources sooner than it currently expects. New Ayala s future funding requirements, both
near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

The progress,
 timing, costs and results of the clinical studies underway; 

future clinical development
 plans it establishes for New Ayala s product candidates; 

the number and characteristics
 of product candidates that New Ayala develops or may in-license; 

the outcome, timing and
 cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities, including the potential for the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to require that New Ayala
 performs more studies than those that it currently expects; 

the cost of filing, prosecuting,
 defending and enforcing New Ayala s patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the cost of defending intellectual
 property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against New Ayala or its product candidates; 

the effect of competing
 technological and market developments; 

the cost and timing of
 completion of commercial-scale outsourced manufacturing activities; and 

the cost of establishing
 sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which New Ayala may receive regulatory approval in regions
 where it chooses to commercialize its products on its own. 

29 

The
failure to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of Old Ayala and New Ayala in the expected time frame may adversely affect
the combined company s future results. 

New Ayala
and Old Ayala operated independently and there can be no assurances that the businesses can be integrated successfully. It is
possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, independent contractors, principal investigators,
Clinical Research Organizations CROs ), consultants, vendors, and any other third parties, the disruption of our
ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, higher than
expected integration costs and an overall integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the
following issues, among others, must be addressed in integrating the operations of Old Ayala and New Ayala in order to realize the
anticipated benefits of the Merger so the combined company performs as expected: 

combining the
 companies operations and corporate functions; 

combining the businesses
 of Old Ayala and New Ayala and meeting the capital requirements of the combined company, in a manner that permits the combined company
 to achieve any cost savings or other synergies anticipated to result from the Merger, the failure of which would result in the anticipated
 benefits of the Merger not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; 

integrating personnel from
 the two companies, especially in the COVID-19 environment which has required many people to work remotely in many locations; 

integrating and unifying
 Old Ayala s and New Ayala s pipeline of product candidates in development; 

identifying and eliminating
 redundant and underperforming functions and assets; 

harmonizing the companies 
 operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 

maintaining existing agreements
 with employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, CROs, consultants, vendors, and any other third parties, avoiding
 delays in entering into new agreements with prospective employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, CROs, consultants,
 vendors, and any other third parties, and leveraging relationships with such third parties for the benefit of the combined company; 

addressing possible differences
 in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; 

consolidating the companies 
 administrative and information technology infrastructure; 

coordinating research,
 commercialization, and marketing efforts; 

coordinating geographically
 dispersed organizations; and 

effecting actions that
 may be required in connection with obtaining regulatory or other governmental approvals. 

In
addition, at times the attention our management may be focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted
from day-to-day business operations or other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us, which may disrupt our ongoing business. 

New Ayala
and Old Ayala incurred substantial direct and indirect costs as a result of the Merger and New Ayala will incur substantial direct and
indirect costs in connection with combining the businesses of New Ayala and Old Ayala following the Merger. 

New Ayala
and Old Ayala will incur substantial expenses in connection with and as a result of consummating the Merger, and over a period of time
following the consummation of the Merger, the combined company also expects to incur substantial expenses in connection with coordinating
and, in certain cases, combining the businesses, operations, policies and procedures of New Ayala and Old Ayala. These expenses could adversely
affect the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the combined company following the consummation of the Merger. 

30 

Sales
of shares of New Ayala Common Stock after the completion of the Merger may cause the market price of New Ayala Common Stock to fall. 

Old
Ayala stockholders may decide not to hold the shares of New Ayala Common Stock they received in the Merger and other Old Ayala stockholders,
such as funds with limitations on the amount of stock they are permitted hold in individual issuers, may be required to sell shares of
New Ayala Common Stock that they received in the Merger. Such sales, or market perception of such sales, of New Ayala Common Stock could
result in higher than average trading volume and may cause the market price for New Ayala Common Stock to decline. Such sales may take
place at anytime as there is no lock-up in place that would prevent institutional or larger stockholders from selling some or all of
their New Ayala Common Stock now that the Merger has closed. 

If
third parties threaten to terminate, terminate or alter existing contracts or relationships with New Ayala or Old Ayala, New Ayala s
and Old Ayala s respective businesses may be materially harmed. 

Old
Ayala had contracts with customers, suppliers, vendors, landlords, licensors and other business partners which may require Ayala to obtain
consents from these other parties in connection with the Merger. If these consents cannot be obtained, the combined company may suffer
a loss of potential future revenues and may lose rights that are material to the business of the combined company. In addition, third
parties with whom Old Ayala or New Ayala had or have relationships may terminate or otherwise reduce the scope of their relationship with
either. Any such disruptions could limit the Company s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger. 

Both
Old Ayala and New Ayala have operated with a loss and negative cash flows for the entirety of their existence and it is expected the Company
will have to raise significant capital in the future that could be dilutive to stockholders. 

Both
Old Ayala and New Ayala have operated with a loss and negative cash flows for the entirety of their existence. Old Ayala and New Ayala have
incurred significant net operating losses in every year since inception and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating
losses for the foreseeable future. New Ayala s net losses were approximately 14.4 million for the year ended October 31, 2022. Ayala s
net losses were approximately 40.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 28.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2022. Based on the combined company s anticipated cash balances and recurring losses, there is substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a standalone company. 

The
Company may not be able to raise capital to continue operations in the future which could result in bankruptcy or liquidation. As a result,
adequate funding may not be available to the Company on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our
auditor s report includes a going concern paragraph. 

Our
auditor s report on our financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2022 includes a going concern paragraph. The Company s
products that are being developed have not generated significant revenue. As a result, the Company has suffered recurring losses and
requires significant cash resources to execute its business plans. These losses are expected to continue for an extended period of time.
The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from
the date of filing. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. 

Historically,
the major source of our cash has been from proceeds from various public and private offerings of our common stock. Management s
plans to mitigate an expected shortfall of capital, to support future operations, include raising additional funds. The actual amount
of cash that it will need to operate is subject to many factors. 

The
Company also recognizes it will need to raise additional capital in order to continue to execute its business plan in the future. There
is no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that management will be able to obtain financing on terms
acceptable to the Company or whether the Company will become profitable and generate positive operating cash flow. If the Company is
unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to scale back its operations. 

Risks
Related to New Ayala s Business, Industry and Strategy 

New Ayala
is currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical
instability, an ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and record inflation. New Ayala s business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting
from the conflict in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, or record inflation. 

U.S.
and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported.
Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine has led to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions, which has caused
record inflation globally. New Ayala is continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact
on New Ayala s business. 

Although,
to date, New Ayala s business has not been materially impacted by the ongoing military conflict between Russian and Ukraine, geopolitical
tensions, or record inflation, it is impossible to predict the extent to which its operations will be impacted in the short and long
term, or the ways in which the conflict in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, or record inflation may impact New Ayala s business. The
extent and duration of the conflict in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, record inflation and resulting market disruptions are impossible
to predict, but could be substantial. 

31 

New Ayala
is a clinical stage company. 

New Ayala
is a clinical stage biotechnology company with a history of losses and can provide no assurance as to future operating results. As a
result of losses that will continue throughout New Ayala s clinical stage, it may exhaust its financial resources and be unable to
complete the development of its products. New Ayala anticipates that it will continue to incur significant operational costs as New Ayala
executes its clinical development strategy. New Ayala s deficit will continue to grow during its drug development period. 

New Ayala
has sustained losses from operations in each fiscal year since its inception, and it expects losses to continue for the foreseeable future
due to its substantial investment in research and development. As of October 31, 2022, New Ayala had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 443 million and stockholders equity of approximately 23.6 million. New Ayala expects to spend substantial additional sums on
the continued administration and research and development of proprietary products and technologies with no certainty that its immunotherapies
will become commercially viable or profitable as a result of these expenditures. If New Ayala fails to raise a significant amount of capital,
it may need to significantly curtail operations or cease operations in the near future. If any of New Ayala s product candidates fail
in clinical trials or does not gain regulatory approval, New Ayala may never become profitable. Even if New Ayala achieves profitability
in the future, it may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. 

New Ayala
is significantly dependent on the success of its Lm Technology platform and its product candidates based on this platform. 

New Ayala
is invested, and it expects to continue to invest, significant efforts and financial resources in the development of product candidates
based on its Lm Technology. New Ayala s ability to generate meaningful revenue, which may not occur for the foreseeable future,
if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of one or more of these product
candidates, and such regulatory approval and commercialization may never occur. 

The
successful development of immunotherapies is highly uncertain. 

Successful
development of immunotherapies is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond New Ayala s control.
Immunotherapies that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach, or be delayed in reaching, the market for
several reasons including: 

preclinical
 study results that may show the immunotherapy to be less effective than desired (e.g., the study failed to meet its primary objectives)
 or to have harmful or problematic side effects; 

clinical study results
 that may show the immunotherapy to be less effective than expected (e.g., the study failed to meet its primary endpoint) or to have
 unacceptable side effects; 

failure to receive the
 necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused by slow enrollment
 in clinical studies, length of time to achieve study endpoints, delays in receiving the necessary products or supplies for the conduct
 of clinical or pre-clinical trials, additional time requirements for data analysis, or Biologics License Application BLA preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional preclinical or clinical data, FDA delays in inspecting manufacturing
 establishments, failure to receive FDA approval for manufacturing processes or facilities, or unexpected safety or manufacturing
 issues; 

32 

manufacturing
 costs, formulation issues, pricing or reimbursement issues, or other factors that make the immunotherapy uneconomical; and 

the proprietary rights
 of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent the immunotherapy from being commercialized. 

Success
in preclinical and early clinical studies does not ensure that large-scale clinical studies will be successful. Clinical results are
frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. The length of time necessary
to complete clinical studies and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies
significantly from one immunotherapy to the next and may be difficult to predict. 

Even
if New Ayala s product candidates are approved, they may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses and populations for which
they may be marketed. They may also be subject to other conditions of approval, may contain significant safety warnings, including boxed
warnings, contraindications, and precautions, may not be approved with label statements necessary or desirable for successful commercialization,
or may contain requirements for costly post-market testing and surveillance, or other requirements, including the submission of risk
evaluation and mitigation strategies, or REMS, to monitor the safety or efficacy of the products. If New Ayala does not receive FDA approval
for, and successfully commercialize its product candidates, it will not be able to generate revenue from these product candidates in
the United States in the foreseeable future, or at all. Any significant delays in obtaining approval for and commercializing New Ayala s
product candidates will have a material adverse impact on its business and financial condition. 

New Ayala
must rely upon third parties for manufacturing. 

New Ayala
currently has agreements with third party manufacturing facilities for production of many of its immunotherapies for research and development
and testing purposes. New Ayala depends on third-party manufacturers to supply all of its clinical materials, but it does not have direct
control over their personnel or operations. Third-party manufacturers must be able to meet New Ayala s deadlines as well as adhere
to quality standards and specifications. New Ayala s reliance on third parties for the manufacturing of its drug substance, investigational
new drugs and, in the future, any approved products, creates a dependency that could severely disrupt New Ayala s research and development,
its clinical testing, and ultimately its sales and marketing efforts if the source of such supply proves to be unreliable or unavailable.
For instance, manufacturers may experience unforeseen problems, such as material or personnel shortages, temporary or permanent facility
closures, or scale up challenges. If any contracted manufacturing operation is unreliable or unavailable, New Ayala may not be able to
manufacture clinical drug supplies of its immunotherapies, and its preclinical and clinical testing programs may not be able to move
forward and its entire business plan could fail. If New Ayala is able to commercialize its products in the future, there is no assurance
that any third-party manufacturers will be able to meet commercialized scale production requirements in a timely manner. 

There
is also no guarantee that New Ayala s third-party manufacturers will be able to manufacture its product candidates in accordance with
current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs. Poor control of production processes can lead to the introduction of adventitious agents
or other contaminants, or to inadvertent changes in the properties or stability of a product candidate that may not be detectable in
final product testing. If these third-party manufacturers are not able to comply with cGMPs, New Ayala may not be able to conduct clinical
trials, may need to conduct additional studies, and may not, eventually, receive and maintain FDA approval for those products. Deviations
from manufacturing requirements may also require remedial measures that may be costly and/or time-consuming for a third party to implement
and that may include the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical trial or commercial sales or the temporary or permanent closure
of a facility. Any such remedial measures imposed upon or by third parties with whom New Ayala contracts could materially harm its business.
A failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may also result in regulatory enforcement actions against New Ayala s
manufacturers. 

33 

While
New Ayala is ultimately responsible for the manufacturing of its product candidates, other than through its contractual arrangements, New Ayala
has little control over its manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. If New Ayala s manufacturers encounter
manufacturing difficulties, including cGMP compliance, it may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which it may not be
able to on favorable terms or at all, and which would significantly impact New Ayala s ability to develop, obtain and maintain regulatory
approval for or market its product candidates, if approved. Any new manufacturers would need to either obtain or develop the necessary
manufacturing know-how, and obtain the necessary equipment and materials, which may take substantial time and investment. New Ayala must
also receive FDA approval for the use of any new manufacturers for commercial supply. 

If
New Ayala is unable to establish, manage or maintain strategic collaborations in the future, its revenue and drug development may be limited. 

New Ayala s
strategy includes eventual substantial reliance upon strategic collaborations for marketing and commercialization of its clinical product
candidates, and it may rely even more on strategic collaborations for research, development, marketing and commercialization for some
of New Ayala s immunotherapies. To date, New Ayala has been heavily reliant upon third party outsourcing for its clinical trials execution
and production of drug supplies for use in clinical trials. Establishing strategic collaborations is difficult and time-consuming. New Ayala s
discussions with potential collaborators may not lead to the establishment of collaborations on favorable terms, if at all. For example,
potential collaborators may reject collaborations based upon their assessment of New Ayala s financial, clinical, regulatory or intellectual
property position. New Ayala s current collaborations, as well as any future new collaborations, may never result in the successful
development or commercialization of its immunotherapies or the generation of sales revenue. To the extent that New Ayala has entered or
will enter into co-promotion or other collaborative arrangements, its product revenues are likely to be lower than if it directly marketed
and sold any products that New Ayala may develop. 

Management
of New Ayala s relationships with its collaborators will require: 

significant
 time and effort from New Ayala s management team; 

financial funding to support
 said collaboration; 

coordination of New Ayala s
 research and development programs with the research and development priorities of its collaborators; and 

effective allocation of
 New Ayala s resources to multiple projects. 

If
New Ayala continues to enter into research and development collaborations at the early phases of drug development, its success will in
part depend on the performance of its corporate collaborators. New Ayala will not directly control the amount or timing of resources devoted
by its corporate collaborators to activities related to its immunotherapies and its collaborations may terminate at any time. New Ayala s
corporate collaborators may not commit sufficient resources to its research and development programs or the commercialization, marketing
or distribution of its immunotherapies. If any corporate collaborator fails to commit sufficient resources or terminate their collaborations
with New Ayala, its preclinical or clinical development programs related to this collaboration could be delayed or terminated. 

Further,
New Ayala s collaborators may pursue existing or other development-stage products or alternative technologies in preference to those
being developed in collaboration with New Ayala. Collaborators may also fail to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements, which
may subject them or New Ayala to regulatory enforcement actions. Finally, if New Ayala fails to make required milestone or royalty payments
to its collaborators or to observe other obligations in its agreements with them, New Ayala s collaborators may have the right to
terminate those agreements. 

34 

Changes
in product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 

In
an effort to optimize processes and results, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods,
manufacturing sites, and formulation, are altered as product candidates are developed from preclinical studies to late-stage clinical
trials toward approval and commercialization. Any of these changes could cause New Ayala s product candidates to perform differently
and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the altered materials. Such changes
may also require additional testing, regulatory disclosure, or prior approval from the FDA. For instance, the FDA may require that New Ayala
conducts a comparability study that evaluates the potential differences in the product candidate resulting from the change. Delays in
designing and completing such a study to the satisfaction of the FDA could delay or preclude New Ayala s development and commercialization
plans, and the regulatory approval of its product candidates. It may also require the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase
clinical trial costs, delay approval of New Ayala s product candidates and jeopardize its ability to commence product sales and generate
revenue. Any of the foregoing could limit New Ayala s future revenues and growth. Any changes would also require that New Ayala devotes
time and resources to manufacturing development, including with third-party manufacturers, and would also likely require additional testing
and regulatory actions on its part, which may delay the development of its product candidates. 

New Ayala
may incur significant costs complying with environmental laws and regulations. 

New Ayala
and its contracted third parties use hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological agents and compounds that could be dangerous
to human health and safety or the environment. As appropriate, New Ayala stores these materials and wastes resulting from their use at
New Ayala or its outsourced laboratory facility pending their ultimate use or disposal. New Ayala contract with a third party to properly
dispose of these materials and wastes. New Ayala is subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the
use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes. Compliance with such laws and regulations
may be costly. 

Additional
laws and regulations governing international operations could negatively impact or restrict New Ayala s operations. 

If
New Ayala further expands its operations outside of the United States, it must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws
and regulations in each jurisdiction in which it plans to operate. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any U.S.
individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign
official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the
individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United
States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring New Ayala to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect
all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal
accounting controls for international operations. 

Compliance
with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA
presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government,
and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical
trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 

Various
laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain
non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating
to those products. If New Ayala expands its presence outside of the United States, it will require New Ayala to dedicate additional resources
to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude it from developing, manufacturing or selling certain products and product candidates
outside of the United States, which could limit its growth potential and increase New Ayala s development costs. 

The
failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension
or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations
of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 

35 

New Ayala
is subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations.
New Ayala can face serious consequences for violations. 

Among
other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations,
which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal
counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving,
directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector.
Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment,
tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, exclusion from public tenders, reputational harm and other consequences.
New Ayala has direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities
and other organizations. New Ayala plans to engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent
registrations and other regulatory approvals and it can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of its personnel,
agents or partners, even if New Ayala does not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. 

If
New Ayala uses biological materials in a manner that causes injury, it may be liable for damages. 

New Ayala s
research and development activities involve the use of biological and hazardous materials. Although New Ayala believes its safety procedures
for handling and disposing of these materials complies with federal, state and local laws and regulations, it cannot entirely eliminate
the risk of accidental injury or contamination from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. New Ayala does not carry
specific biological waste or pollution liability or remediation insurance coverage, nor do its workers compensation, general liability,
and property and casualty insurance policies provide coverage for damages and fines/penalties arising from biological exposure or contamination.
Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, New Ayala could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines in an amount exceeding
its resources, and its clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended or terminated. 

New Ayala
needs to attract and retain highly skilled personnel; it may be unable to effectively manage growth with its limited resources. 

As
of October 31, 2022 New Ayala had 15 employees, 14 of which were full time employees. New Ayala s ability to attract and retain highly
skilled personnel is critical to its operations and expansion. New Ayala faces competition for these types of personnel from other technology
companies and more established organizations, many of which have significantly larger operations and greater financial, technical, human
and other resources than it has. New Ayala may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel on a timely basis, on
competitive terms, or at all. If New Ayala is not successful in attracting and retaining these personnel, or integrating them into its
operations, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. In such circumstances
New Ayala may be unable to conduct certain research and development programs, unable to adequately manage its clinical trials and other
products, unable to commercialize any products, and unable to adequately address its management needs. 

New Ayala
depends upon its senior management and key consultants and their loss or unavailability could put it at a competitive disadvantage. 

New Ayala
depends upon the efforts and abilities of its senior executives, as well as the services of several key consultants. The loss or unavailability
of the services of any of these individuals for any significant period of time could have a material adverse effect on New Ayala s
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. New Ayala has not obtained, does not own, nor is it the beneficiary
of, key-person life insurance. 

36 

The
biotechnology and immunotherapy industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. New Ayala
may be unable to compete with more substantial enterprises. 

The
biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition.
As a result, New Ayala s actual or proposed immunotherapies could become obsolete before it recoups any portion of its related research
and development and commercialization expenses. Competition in the biopharmaceutical industry is based significantly on scientific and
technological factors. These factors include the availability of patent and other protection for technology and products, the ability
to commercialize technological developments and the ability to obtain governmental approval for testing, manufacturing and marketing.
New Ayala competes with specialized biopharmaceutical firms in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, as well as a growing number of
large pharmaceutical companies that are applying biotechnology to their operations. Many biopharmaceutical companies have focused their
development efforts in the human therapeutics area, including cancer. Many major pharmaceutical companies have developed or acquired
internal biotechnology capabilities or made commercial arrangements with other biopharmaceutical companies. These companies, as well
as academic institutions and governmental agencies and private research organizations, also compete with New Ayala in recruiting and retaining
highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants. New Ayala s ability to compete successfully with other companies in the pharmaceutical
field will also depend to a considerable degree on the continuing availability of capital to New Ayala. 

New Ayala
is aware of certain investigational new products under development or approved products by competitors that are used for the prevention,
diagnosis, or treatment of certain diseases it has targeted for product development. Various companies are developing biopharmaceutical
products that have the potential to directly compete with New Ayala s immunotherapies even though their approach may be different.
The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are highly competitive, and this competition comes from both biotechnology firms and
major pharmaceutical companies, including companies like: Gritstone, Moderna, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMS ), Merck
and Neon Therapeutics, among others, each of which is pursuing cancer vaccines and/or immunotherapies. Many of these companies have substantially
greater financial, marketing, and human resources than New Ayala does (including, in some cases, substantially greater experience in clinical
testing, manufacturing, and marketing of pharmaceutical products). New Ayala also experiences competition in the development of its immunotherapies
from universities and other research institutions and compete with others in acquiring technology from such universities and institutions. 

In
addition, certain of New Ayala s immunotherapies may be subject to competition from investigational new drugs and/or products developed
using other technologies, some of which have completed numerous clinical trials. 

Risks
Related to the Development and Regulatory Approval of New Ayala Product Candidates 

New Ayala
can provide no assurance that its clinical product candidates will obtain regulatory approval or that the results of clinical studies
will be favorable. 

New Ayala
is currently evaluating the safety and efficacy of its product candidates in clinical trials. However, even though the initiation and
conduct of the clinical trials is in accordance with the governing regulatory authorities in each country, as with any investigational
new drug (under an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, in the United States, or the equivalent in countries outside of the
United States), New Ayala is at risk of a clinical hold at any time based on the evaluation of the data and information submitted to the
governing regulatory authorities. 

There
can be delays in obtaining FDA and/or other necessary regulatory approvals in the United States and in countries outside the United States
for any investigational new drug and failure to receive such approvals would have an adverse effect on the investigational new drug s
potential commercial success and on New Ayala s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The time required
to obtain approval by the FDA and non-U.S. regulatory authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement
of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. For example,
the FDA or non-U.S. regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of New Ayala s clinical trials or study
endpoints; or it may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks.
In addition, the FDA or non-U.S. regulatory authorities may disagree with New Ayala s interpretation of data from preclinical studies
or clinical trials or the data collected from clinical trials of its product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission
of a BLA or New Drug Application NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere.
The FDA or non-U.S. regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
with which New Ayala contracts for clinical and commercial supplies; and the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or non-U.S. regulatory
authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering New Ayala s clinical data insufficient for approval. 

37 

In
addition to the foregoing, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change
during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. New Ayala has not submitted for
nor obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate in-humans (US EU) and it is possible that none of its existing product
candidates or any product candidates New Ayala may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 

Drug
discovery and development is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process that is fraught with risk and a high rate of failure. 

Product
candidates are subject to extensive pre-clinical testing and clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy in humans. Conducting
pre-clinical testing and clinical trials is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process that takes many years. New Ayala cannot be
sure that pre-clinical testing or clinical trials of any of its product candidates will demonstrate the safety, efficacy and benefit-to-risk
profile necessary to obtain marketing approvals. In addition, product candidates that experience success in pre-clinical testing and
early-stage clinical trials will not necessarily experience the same success in larger or late-stage clinical trials, which are required
for marketing approval. 

Even
if New Ayala is successful in advancing a product candidate into the clinical development stage, before obtaining regulatory and marketing
approvals, it must demonstrate through extensive human clinical trials that the product candidate is safe and effective for its intended
use. Human clinical trials must be carried out under protocols that are acceptable to regulatory authorities and to the independent committees
responsible for the ethical review of clinical studies. There may be delays in preparing protocols or receiving approval for them that
may delay the start or completion of the clinical trials. In addition, clinical practices vary globally, and there is a lack of harmonization
among the guidance provided by various regulatory bodies of different regions and countries with respect to the data that is required
to receive marketing approval, which makes designing global trials increasingly complex. There are a number of additional factors that
may cause New Ayala s clinical trials to be delayed, prematurely terminated or deemed inadequate to support regulatory approval, such
as: 

safety issues
 up to and including patient death (whether arising with respect to trials by third parties for compounds in a similar class as tour
 product or product candidate), inadequate efficacy, or an unacceptable risk-benefit profile observed at any point during or after
 completion of the trials; 

slower than expected rates
 of patient enrollment, which could be due to any number of factors, including failure of New Ayala s third-party vendors, including
 its CROs, to effectively perform their obligations to New Ayala, a lack of patients who meet the enrollment criteria or competition
 from clinical trials in similar product classes or patient populations, or onerous treatment administration requirements; 

subjects may drop out of
 New Ayala s clinical trials, be lost to follow-up at a higher rate than it anticipates, or not comply with the required clinical
 trial procedures; 

New Ayala may experience
 delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective
 trial sites and its CROs; 

the cost of clinical trials
 may be greater than New Ayala anticipates or it may have insufficient funds for a clinical trial or to pay the substantial FDA user
 fees; 

38 

the FDA or
 comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with New Ayala s study design, including endpoints, its intended indications,
 or its interpretation of data; 

the risk of failure of
 New Ayala s clinical investigational sites and related facilities, including its suppliers and CROs, to maintain compliance with
 the FDA s cGMP and Good Clinical Practices, or GCP, regulations or similar regulations in countries outside of the U.S., including
 the risk that these sites fail to pass inspections by the appropriate governmental authority, which could invalidate the data collected
 at that site or place the entire clinical trial at risk; 

any inability to reach
 agreement or lengthy discussions with the FDA, equivalent regulatory authorities, or ethical review committees on trial design that
 New Ayala is able to execute or it may be required to modify its trial design such that studies are impracticable; 

regulators may require
 New Ayala to perform additional or unanticipated clinical trials to obtain approval or it may be subject to additional post-marketing
 testing, surveillance, or REMS requirements to maintain regulatory approval; 

FDA refusal to accept the
 data from foreign clinical trial sites to the extent New Ayala uses such sites; 

changes in laws, regulations,
 regulatory policy or clinical practices, especially if they occur during ongoing clinical trials or shortly after completion of such
 trials; and 

clinical trial record keeping
 or data quality and accuracy issues. 

Any
deficiency in the design, implementation or oversight of New Ayala s development programs could cause it to incur significant additional
costs, conduct additional trials, experience significant delays, prevent it from obtaining marketing approval for any product candidate
or abandon development of certain product candidates, any of which could harm its business and cause its stock price to decline. 

39 

New Ayala
may face legal claims; legal disputes are expensive and it may not be able to afford the costs. 

New Ayala
may face legal claims involving stockholders, consumers, clinical trial subjects, competitors, regulators and other parties. New Ayala
is engaged in legal proceedings. Litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including
monetary damages, or an injunction stopping New Ayala from engaging in business practices, or requiring other remedies, including, but
not limited to, compulsory licensing of patents. 

The
costs of litigation or any proceeding, including, but not limited to, those relating to New Ayala s intellectual property or contractual
rights, could be substantial, even if resolved in its favor. Some of New Ayala s competitors or financial funding sources have far
greater resources than it does and may be better able to afford the costs of complex litigation. Also, a lawsuit, even if frivolous,
will require considerable time commitments on the part of management, New Ayala s attorneys and consultants. Defending these types
of proceedings or legal actions involve considerable expense and could negatively affect New Ayala s financial results. Legal claims
may also adversely impact New Ayala in other ways, such as the withdrawal or slower enrollment in or from its clinical trials, regulatory
enforcement actions, and negative media attention, any of which could materially and negatively harm New Ayala and its operations. 

New Ayala
can provide no assurance of the successful and timely development of new products. 

New Ayala
immunotherapies are at various stages of development. Further development and extensive testing will be required to determine their technical
feasibility and commercial viability. New Ayala will need to complete significant additional clinical trials demonstrating that its product
candidates are safe and effective to the satisfaction of the FDA and other non-U.S. regulatory authorities. The drug approval process
is time-consuming, involves substantial expenditures of resources, and depends upon a number of factors, including the severity of the
illness in question, the availability of alternative treatments, and the risks and benefits demonstrated in the clinical trials. New Ayala s
success will depend on its ability to achieve scientific and technological advances and to translate such advances into licensable, FDA-approvable,
commercially competitive products on a timely basis. Failure can occur at any stage of the process. If such programs are not successful,
New Ayala may invest substantial amounts of time and money without developing revenue-producing products. As New Ayala enters a more extensive
clinical program for its product candidates, the data generated in these studies may not be as compelling as the earlier results. 

The
proposed development schedules for New Ayala immunotherapies may be affected by a variety of factors, including technological difficulties,
clinical trial failures, regulatory hurdles, clinical holds, competitive products, intellectual property challenges and/or changes in
governmental regulation, many of which will not be within its control. Any delay in the development, introduction or marketing of New Ayala
products could result either in such products being marketed at a time when their cost and performance characteristics would not be competitive
in the marketplace or in the shortening of their commercial lives. In light of the long-term nature of New Ayala s projects, the unproven
technology involved, and the other factors described elsewhere in this section, there can be no assurance that New Ayala will be able to
successfully complete the development or marketing of any new products which could materially harm its business, results of operations
and prospects. 

New Ayala
research and development expenses are subject to uncertainty. 

Factors
affecting New Ayala research and development expenses include, but are not limited to: 

competition
 from companies that have substantially greater assets and financial resources than New Ayala has; 

need for market acceptance
 of New Ayala s immunotherapies if it receives regulatory approval; 

ability to anticipate and
 adapt to a competitive market and rapid technological developments; 

ability to raise sufficient
 capital to fund New Ayala research and development activities; 

amount and timing of operating
 costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of New Ayala business, operations and infrastructure; 

need to rely on multiple
 levels of outside funding due to the length of drug development cycles and governmental approved protocols associated with the pharmaceutical
 industry; and 

dependence upon key personnel
 including key independent consultants and advisors. 

There
can be no guarantee that New Ayala research and development expenses will be consistent from period to period. New Ayala may be required
to accelerate or delay incurring certain expenses depending on the results of its studies and the availability of adequate funding. 

40 

New Ayala
may be required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials for a number of reasons, which could preclude approval of any of its product
candidates. 

New Ayala
clinical trials may be suspended at any time for a number of reasons. A clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by New Ayala, an
Institutional Review Board IRB ), the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a failure to conduct the clinical trial
in accordance with regulatory requirements or its clinical protocols, presentation or identification of unforeseen safety signals or
issues, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the investigational drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions,
lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, or for other business-related reasons. For example, in June 2019, New Ayala announced
that it was closing its AIM2CERV Phase 3 clinical trial with AXAL in cervical cancer due to the delays New Ayala incurred as a result of
the recent FDA partial clinical hold on the trial, as well as the estimated cost and time to completion of the trial. Furthermore, New Ayala
has completed the clinical study report from Part A of the ADXS-NEO study and plans to close its ADXS-NEO program IND as next step. In
addition, clinical trials for New Ayala s product candidates could be suspended due to adverse side effects. Drug-related side effects
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims.
New Ayala may also voluntarily suspend or terminate its clinical trials if at any time it believes that they present an unacceptable risk
to patients or do not demonstrate clinical benefit. If New Ayala elects or is forced to suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any
product candidates that it develops, the commercial prospects of such product candidates will be harmed and its ability to generate product
revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed or eliminated. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm New Ayala s
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Preliminary
or interim results of a clinical trial are not necessarily predictive of future or final results. 

Interim
or preliminary data from clinical trials that New Ayala may conduct may not be indicative of the final results of the trial and are subject
to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become
available. Interim or preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being
materially different from the interim or preliminary data. As a result, interim or preliminary data should be viewed with caution until
the final data are available. Even if New Ayala s clinical trials are completed as planned, it cannot be certain that their results
will support its proposed indications. 

New Ayala
is subject to numerous risks inherent in conducting clinical trials. 

New Ayala
outsources the management of its clinical trials to third parties. Agreements with CROs, clinical investigators and medical institutions
for clinical testing and data management services, place substantial responsibilities on these parties that, if unmet, could result in
delays in, or termination of, New Ayala s clinical trials. For example, if any of New Ayala s clinical trial sites or CROs fail
to comply with FDA-approved good clinical practices, New Ayala may be unable to use the data gathered at those sites. If these clinical
investigators, medical institutions or other third parties do not carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or fail
to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere
to New Ayala s clinical protocols or for other reasons, its clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and New Ayala may
be unable to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, its agents. New Ayala is not certain that it will successfully
recruit enough patients to complete its clinical trials nor that it will reach its primary endpoints. Delays in recruitment, lack of
clinical benefit or unacceptable side effects would delay or prevent the initiation of future development of New Ayala s agents. 

While
New Ayala has agreements governing the activities of such third parties and are responsible for its third-party service provider s
activities and regulatory compliance, it has limited influence and control over their actual performance and activities and cannot control
whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to New Ayala s ongoing clinical, non-clinical, and preclinical programs and
cannot control whether they maintain regulatory compliance. New Ayala s third-party service providers may also have relationships
with other entities, some of which may be its competitors, for whom they may also be conducting trials or other therapeutic development
activities that could harm New Ayala s competitive position. 

41 

Agreements
with third parties conducting or otherwise assisting with New Ayala s clinical or preclinical studies might terminate for a variety
of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If any of New Ayala s relationships with these third parties terminate,
it may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative providers or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding
additional third parties involve additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period
when a new third party commences work. As a result, if New Ayala needs to enter into alternative arrangements, it could delay its product
development activities and adversely affect its business. Though New Ayala carefully manages its relationships with third parties, there
can be no assurance that it will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a
material adverse impact on New Ayala s business, financial condition and prospects, and results of operations. 

New Ayala
or its regulators may suspend or terminate its clinical trials for a number of reasons. New Ayala may voluntarily suspend or terminate
its clinical trials if at any time it believes they present an unacceptable risk to the patients enrolled in its clinical trials or do
not demonstrate clinical benefit. In addition, regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of New Ayala s
clinical trials, or place its products on temporary or permanent hold, at any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being
conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or that they present an unacceptable safety risk to the patients enrolled
in New Ayala s clinical trials. 

New Ayala s
clinical trial operations are subject to regulatory inspections at any time. If regulatory inspectors conclude that New Ayala or its clinical
trial sites are not in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements for conducting clinical trials, it may receive reports of observations
or warning letters detailing deficiencies, and it will be required to implement corrective actions. If regulatory agencies deem New Ayala s
responses to be inadequate or are dissatisfied with the corrective actions it or its clinical trial sites have implemented, New Ayala s
clinical trials may be temporarily or permanently discontinued, may be fined, New Ayala or its investigators may be precluded from conducting
any ongoing or any future clinical trials, the government may refuse to approve its marketing applications or allow it to manufacture
or market its products, and New Ayala may be criminally prosecuted. 

The
lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in New Ayala failing to obtain regulatory
approval for its product candidates, which would materially harm its business, results of operations and prospects. 

New Ayala
employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, principal investigators, or CROs may engage in misconduct or other
improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on
its business. 

New Ayala
is exposed to the risk of employee and third-party fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees, independent contractors, consultants,
commercial partners, manufacturers, investigators, or CROs could include intentional, reckless, negligent, or unintentional failures
to comply with FDA regulations, comply with applicable fraud and abuse laws, provide accurate information to the FDA, properly calculate
pricing information required by federal programs, comply with federal procurement rules or contract terms, report financial information
or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to New Ayala. This misconduct could also involve the improper use or misrepresentation
of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to New Ayala s
reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter this type of misconduct, and the precautions New Ayala takes to detect and
prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting it from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Moreover, it is
possible for a whistleblower to pursue a federal False Claims Act, or FCA, case against New Ayala even if the government considers the
claim unmeritorious and declines to intervene, which could require New Ayala to incur costs defending against such a claim. Further, due
to the risk that a judgment in an FCA case could result in exclusion from federal health programs or debarment from government contracts,
whistleblower cases often result in large settlements. If any such actions are instituted against New Ayala, and it is not successful in
defending itself or asserting its rights, those actions could have a significant impact on its business, financial condition, and results
of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

42 

New Ayala
must comply with significant government regulations. 

The
research and development, manufacturing and marketing of human therapeutic and diagnostic products are subject to regulation, primarily
by the FDA in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. These national agencies and other federal, state, local
and foreign entities regulate, among other things, research and development activities (including testing in animals and in humans) and
the testing, manufacturing, handling, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, distribution, advertising and promotion of the products
that New Ayala is developing. If New Ayala obtains approval for any of its product candidates, its operations will be directly or indirectly
through its customers, subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback
Statue and the FCA, and privacy laws. New Ayala, its product candidates, and its products, if it receives marketing approval are and will
continue to be subject to extensive governmental regulation and regulatory authorities do and will continue to closely monitor New Ayala
and its contractor s compliance through, among other methods, inspections. Noncompliance with applicable laws and requirements
can result in various adverse consequences and regulatory enforcement actions, including delay in approving or refusal to approve product
licenses or other applications, suspension or termination of clinical investigations, revocation of approvals previously granted, fines,
criminal prosecution, civil and criminal penalties, restitution or disgorgement of profits, recall or seizure of products, exclusion
from having its products reimbursed by federal health care programs, the curtailment or restructuring of New Ayala s operations, corporate
integrity agreements or consent decrees, refusal to permit product import or export, modifications to labeling or promotional materials,
issuance of corrective information, regulatory authority public statements, warning, untitled, or cyber letters, requirements for post-market
studies or REMS, injunctions against shipping products and total or partial suspension of production and/or refusal to allow a company
to enter into governmental supply contracts. Any of these events could prevent New Ayala from achieving or maintaining product approval
and market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of developing
and commercializing such product, which in turn could delay or prevent New Ayala from generating significant revenues from its sale. Any
of these events could further have other material and adverse effects on New Ayala s operations and business and could adversely impact
its stock price and could significantly harm New Ayala s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

The
process of obtaining requisite FDA approval has historically been costly and time-consuming. Current FDA requirements for a new human
biological product to be marketed in the United States include: (1) the successful conclusion of preclinical laboratory and animal tests,
if appropriate, to gain preliminary information on the product s safety; (2) filing with the FDA of an IND to conduct human clinical
trials for drugs or biologics; (3) the successful completion of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety
and efficacy of the investigational new drug for its recommended use; and (4) filing by a company and acceptance and approval by the
FDA of a BLA for marketing approval of a biologic, to allow commercial distribution of a biologic product. The FDA also requires that
any drug or formulation to be tested in humans be manufactured in accordance with its cGMP regulations. This has been extended to include
any drug that will be tested for safety in animals in support of human testing. The cGMPs set certain minimum requirements for procedures,
record-keeping and the physical characteristics of the laboratories used in the production of these drugs. A delay in one or more of
the procedural steps outlined above could be harmful to New Ayala in terms of getting its immunotherapies through clinical testing and
to market. 

New Ayala
may not obtain or maintain the benefits associated with Orphan Drug Designation, including market exclusivity. 

Although
New Ayala has been granted a designation from the FDA under the Orphan Drug Act, or ODA, intended to treat a rare disease or condition
(Orphan Drug Designation, or ODD for AXAL for use in the treatment of anal cancer, HPV-associated head and neck cancer,
Stage II-IV invasive cervical cancer and for ADXS-HER2 for the treatment of osteosarcoma in the United States, as well as the European
Medicines Agency, or EMA, ODD for AXAL for the treatment of anal cancer and for ADXS-HER2 for the treatment of osteosarcoma in the EU,
New Ayala may not receive the benefits associated with ODD. This may result from a failure to maintain orphan drug status or result from
a competing product reaching the market that has an orphan designation for the same disease indication. Moreover, while ODD does provide
New Ayala with certain advantages, it neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a product candidate nor gives
the product candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 

43 

Under
U.S. rules for orphan drugs, if such a competing product reaches the market before New Ayala does, if such product is considered by FDA
to be the same as New Ayala s, and if such product is intended for the same orphan indication, the competing product could potentially
obtain a scope of market exclusivity that limits or precludes its product from being sold in the United States for seven years unless
New Ayala can demonstrate that its product is clinically superior. Even if New Ayala obtains exclusivity, the FDA could subsequently approve
the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior to New Ayala in that it is shown to
be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. A competitor also may receive approval of different products
for the same indication for which New Ayala s orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different
indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity. Moreover, New Ayala may not be able to maintain its ODD or exclusivity and its
product candidates would not be eligible for exclusivity if the approved indication is broader than the ODD. 

In
addition, if and when New Ayala requests ODD in Europe, the European exclusivity period is ten years but can be reduced to six years if
the drug no longer meets the criteria for ODD or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified.
Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the
manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 

New Ayala
may incur substantial liabilities from any product liability claims if its insurance coverage for those claims is inadequate. 

New Ayala
faces an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of its immunotherapies in human clinical trials and will
face an even greater risk if the approved products are sold commercially. An individual may bring a liability claim against New Ayala if
one of the immunotherapies causes, or merely appears to have caused, an injury. If New Ayala cannot successfully defend itself against
the product liability claim, it will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result
in: 

decreased demand
 for New Ayala s immunotherapies; 

damage to New Ayala s
 reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical
 trial participants; 

costs of related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards
 to patients or other claimants; 

loss of revenues; 

the inability to commercialize
 immunotherapies; and 

increased difficulty in
 raising required additional funds in the private and public capital markets. 

New Ayala
has product liability and clinical trial liability insurance coverage for each clinical trial. New Ayala does not have product liability
insurance for sold commercial products because it does not have products on the market. New Ayala plans to expand such coverage to include
the sale of commercial products if marketing approval is obtained for any of its immunotherapies. However, insurance coverage is increasingly
expensive and New Ayala may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost. Further, New Ayala may not be able to obtain
insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 

New Ayala
may not receive Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy Designation or any other designation that it may apply for from the FDA
and, if granted, such designations may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

The
FDA has granted a designation to facilitate development and expedite the review of therapies with the potential to treat a serious condition
where there is an unmet medical need (the Fast Track designation) for AXAL for adjuvant therapy for high-risk locally advanced
cervical cancer patients, and has granted Fast Track designation for ADXS-HER2 for patients with newly-diagnosed, non-metastatic, surgically-resectable
osteosarcoma. New Ayala may seek Breakthrough Therapy Designation for its product candidates or Fast Track designation for certain of its
other product candidates. There is no guarantee, however, that New Ayala will be able to obtain or maintain such designations. 

44 

The
FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant any special designation, so even if New Ayala believes one of its product candidates is
eligible for this designation, it cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Additionally, even if New Ayala receives a special
designation, it may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA
may also withdraw the designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from New Ayala s clinical development
program. 

The
results of clinical trials conducted at clinical trial sites outside the United States might not be accepted by the FDA, and data developed
outside of a foreign jurisdiction similarly might not be accepted by such foreign regulatory authority. 

Some
of the clinical trials for New Ayala product candidates that are being or will be conducted through its partnerships and collaborations
may be conducted outside the United States, and it intends in the future to conduct additional clinical trials outside the United States.
Although the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may accept data from clinical trials conducted outside the relevant
jurisdiction, acceptance of these data is subject to certain conditions. For example, the FDA requires that the clinical trial must be
well designed and conducted and performed by qualified investigators in accordance with ethical principles such as IRB or ethics committee
approval and informed consent, the trial population must adequately represent the U.S. population, and the data must be applicable to
the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice in ways that the FDA deems clinically meaningful. In addition, while these clinical trials
are subject to the applicable local laws, acceptance of the data by the FDA will be dependent upon its determination that the trials
were conducted consistent with all applicable U.S. laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept data from
trials conducted outside of the United States as adequate support of a marketing application. Similarly, New Ayala must also ensure that
any data submitted to foreign regulatory authorities adheres to their standards and requirements for clinical trials and there can be
no assurance a comparable foreign regulatory authority would accept data from trials conducted outside of its jurisdiction. 

New Ayala s
relationships with healthcare providers and physicians and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and
abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose it to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational
harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 

Healthcare
providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription
of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufacturers to broadly applicable
fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (the AKS and the FCA which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which such companies sell, market and
distribute pharmaceutical products. In particular, the research of New Ayala s product candidates, as well as the promotion, sales
and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive
laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit
a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and
other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the
course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that may
affect New Ayala s ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 

the AKS, which
 prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any
 kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either
 the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment
 may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity
 can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition,
 a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of
 the FCA. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers,
 purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting
 some common activities from prosecution; 

45 

the federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the FCA, which prohibit, among other things, individuals
 or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to, or approval by Medicare,
 Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement
 material to a false or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government, or knowingly concealing
 or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers
 can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause 
 the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The government may deem manufacturers to have caused the submission of
 false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product
 off-label. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal
 government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; 

the federal Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly
 and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false
 or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of,
 any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing
 or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of,
 or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity can
 be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 

HIPAA, as amended by HITECH,
 and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, requirements on certain healthcare providers, health
 plans and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their respective business associates, independent contractors
 that perform services for covered entities that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information,
 relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers
 of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave
 state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA
 laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 

46 

the federal
 Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended, or ACA, and its implementing
 regulations, which require some manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available
 under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers
 for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, information related to
 payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors)
 and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

analogous state
 and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements
 and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers,
 and may be broader in scope than their federal equivalents; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply
 with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the
 federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state and foreign laws that require drug
 manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers,
 marketing expenditures or drug pricing; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives;
 and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ
 from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

The
distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing,
storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. Pharmaceutical companies may
also be subject to federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities
that potentially harm consumers. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform,
especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies continue to closely scrutinize
interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding
to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from
the business. 

47 

It
is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that New Ayala s business practices may not comply with current
or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any
such actions are instituted against New Ayala, and it is not successful in defending itself or asserting its rights, those actions could
have a significant impact on its business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines,
disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the
curtailment or restricting of New Ayala s operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if it becomes subject
to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Further, if any of the
physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom New Ayala expects to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable
laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare
programs. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause a biopharmaceutical manufacturer to incur
significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. Prohibitions or restrictions on
sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of New Ayala s product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that it will be successful
in obtaining regulatory approval of its product candidates in other jurisdictions. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of New Ayala s product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that it will be able
to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one
jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval
of a product candidate, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion
of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative
review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials,
as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions
outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction.
In some cases, the price that New Ayala intends to charge for its products are also subject to approval. 

New Ayala
may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have
requirements for approval of product candidates with which it must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign
regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for
New Ayala and could delay or prevent the introduction of its products in certain countries. If New Ayala fails to comply with the regulatory
requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, its target market will be reduced and its ability
to realize the full market potential of its product candidates will be harmed. 

Even
if New Ayala receives regulatory approval of any product candidates, it will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued
regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and it may be subject to penalties if it fails to comply with regulatory
requirements or experience unanticipated problems with its product candidates. 

If
any of New Ayala s product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling,
packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, distribution, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission
of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements
of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, New Ayala will be subject to continued compliance with cGMP and GCP requirements
for any clinical trials that it conducts post-approval. 

Manufacturers
and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements,
including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, New Ayala and its contract manufacturers
will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any BLA, other
marketing application and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, New Ayala and others with whom it works must continue
to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 

48 

Any
regulatory approvals that New Ayala receives for its product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for
which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing,
including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. Certain endpoint data
New Ayala hopes to include in any approved product labeling also may not make it into such labeling, including exploratory or secondary
endpoint data such as patient-reported outcome measures. The FDA may also require a REMS program as a condition of approval of New Ayala s
product candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans
or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools.
In addition, if the FDA, EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves New Ayala s product candidates, it will have to
comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. 

The
FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if
problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with New Ayala s product candidates,
including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with its third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or
failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, imposition
of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions
under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of New Ayala s products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory
 product recalls; 

fines, warning letters
 or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve
 pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by New Ayala or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 

product seizure or detention
 or refusal to permit the import or export of New Ayala s product candidates; and 

injunctions or the imposition
 of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The policies of the FDA, EMA and comparable
foreign regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory
approval of New Ayala s product candidates. New Ayala cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that
may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If New Ayala is slow or unable to adapt
to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if New Ayala is not able to maintain regulatory
compliance, it may lose any marketing approval that it may have obtained and it may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

Coverage
and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for New Ayala s product candidates, if approved, which
could make it difficult for New Ayala to sell any product candidates profitably. 

The
success of New Ayala s product candidates, if approved, depends on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party
payors. New Ayala cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately estimate the potential revenue from,
its product candidates or assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that it may develop. 

49 

Patients
who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated
with their treatment. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial
payors is critical to new product acceptance. 

Government
authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and
treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number
of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 

a covered benefit
 under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically
 necessary; 

appropriate for the specific
 patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor
 investigational. 

In
the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. As a result, obtaining
coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process
that could require New Ayala to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of its products
on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Even if New Ayala obtains coverage
for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for it to achieve or sustain profitability or may
require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement
for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of product candidates, once approved. Patients are unlikely to use New Ayala s
product candidates, once approved, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate 

Ongoing
healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on New Ayala s business and results of operations. 

Changes
in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact New Ayala s business in the future by requiring,
for example: (i) changes to its manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or
discontinuation of its products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely
affect the operation of New Ayala s business. 

In
the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in
March 2010, the ACA was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers,
and significantly impacted the U.S. biopharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, addressed a new methodology by which rebates
owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted
or injected, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate
program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain
branded prescription drugs and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer
70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period,
as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. 

50 

Some
of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be fully implemented, while certain provisions have been subject to judicial and Congressional
challenges to repeal or replace certain aspects of the ACA. For example, Congress has
considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed repeal legislation,
the Tax Reform Act includes a provision that repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed
by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred
to as the individual mandate. As a result of the individual mandate repeal, subsequent litigation challenged the validity
of the ACA. On December 14, 2018, a U.S. District Court judge in the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate portion
of the ACA is an essential and inseverable feature of the ACA, and therefore because the mandate was repealed as part of the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act, or TCJA, the remaining provisions of the ACA are invalid as well. The Trump administration and CMS have both stated that
the ruling will have no immediate effect, and on December 30, 2018 the same judge issued an order staying the judgment pending appeal.
A Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals hearing to determine whether certain states and the House of Representatives have standing to appeal
the lower court decision was held on July 9, 2019, but it is unclear when the court will render its decision on this hearing, and what
effect it will have on the status of the ACA. Litigation and legislation over the ACA are likely to continue, with unpredictable and
uncertain results. New Ayala will continue to evaluate the effect that the ACA and its possible repeal and replacement has on its business. 

Since
January 2017, President Trump has signed two Executive Orders designed to delay the implementation of certain provisions of the ACA or
otherwise circumvent some of the requirements for health insurance mandated by the ACA. Further, the Trump administration has concluded
that cost-sharing reduction, or CSR, payments to insurance companies required under the ACA have not received necessary appropriations
from Congress and announced that it will discontinue these payments immediately until those appropriations are made. The loss of the
CSR payments is expected to increase premiums on certain policies issued by qualified health plans under the ACA. Bipartisan bills to
appropriate funds for CSR payments were proposed in 2017 and 2018, but the proposals have not been enacted into law. Multiple state Attorneys
General filed suit to stop the administration from terminating the subsidies, but their case was dismissed by a federal judge in California
on July 18, 2018. Furthermore, on June 14, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled that the federal government
was not required to pay more than 12 billion in ACA risk corridor payments to third-party payors who argued were owed to them. The effects
of this gap in reimbursement on third-party payors, the viability of the ACA marketplace and providers, and the potential effect on New Ayala s
business, are not yet known. 

Inadequate
funding for the FDA and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent
new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing
normal business functions on which the operation of New Ayala s business may rely, which could negatively impact its business. 

The
ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding
levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes.
Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies,
which would adversely affect New Ayala s business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several
times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged
government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process New Ayala s regulatory
submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. Further, upon completion of this offering and in New Ayala s
operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact its ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary
capital in order to properly capitalize and continue its operations. 

Approval
of New Ayala s product candidates does not ensure successful commercialization and reimbursement. 

New Ayala
is not currently marketing its product candidates, nor can it until they are approved; however, New Ayala is seeking partnering and commercial
opportunities for its products. New Ayala cannot assure you that it will be able to commercialize any of its product candidates itself
or find a commercialization partner or that it will be able to agree to acceptable terms with any partner to launch and commercialize
its products. 

51 

The
commercial success of New Ayala s product candidates is subject to risks in both the United States and European countries. In addition,
in European countries, pricing and payment of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to more extensive governmental control than in
the United States. Pricing negotiations with European governmental authorities can take six to 12 months or longer after the receipt
of regulatory approval and product launch. If reimbursement is unavailable in any country in which reimbursement is sought, limited in
scope or amount, or if pricing is set at or reduced to unsatisfactory levels, New Ayala s ability or any potential partner s
ability to successfully commercialize in such a country would be impacted negatively. Furthermore, if these measures prevent New Ayala
or any potential partner from selling on a profitable basis in a particular country, they could prevent the commercial launch or continued
sale in that country and could adversely impact the commercialization market opportunity in other countries. 

Moreover,
as a condition of approval, the regulatory authorities may require that New Ayala conduct post-approval studies. Those studies may reveal
new safety or efficacy findings regarding New Ayala s drug that could adversely impact the continued commercialization or future market
opportunity in other countries. 

In
addition, New Ayala predominantly relies on a network of suppliers and vendors to manufacture its products. Should a regulatory authority
make any significant findings on an inspection of New Ayala s own operations or the operations of those companies, the ability for
it to continue producing its products could be adversely impacted and further production could cease. Regulatory GMP requirements are
extensive and can present a risk of injury or recall, among other risks, if not manufactured or labeled properly under GMPs. 

New Ayala s
potential revenues from the commercialization of its product candidates are subject to these and other factors, and therefore it may
never reach or maintain profitability. 

Even
if New Ayala is successful in obtaining market approval, commercial success of any of its product candidates will also depend in large
part on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payers, including government payers such as the Medicare
and Medicaid programs and managed care organizations, which may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures designed
to reduce the cost of health care. Third-party payers could require New Ayala to conduct additional studies, including post-marketing studies
related to the cost effectiveness of a product, to qualify for reimbursement, which could be costly and divert its resources. If government
and other health care payers were not to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for one any of New Ayala s products once
approved, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. 

In
addition, if one of New Ayala s products is approved for marketing, it will be subject to significant regulatory obligations regarding
product promotion, the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration, and will need to continue
to comply (or ensure that New Ayala s third-party providers comply) with cGMPs, and GCPs for any clinical trials that it conducts
post-approval. In addition, there is always the risk that New Ayala or a regulatory authority might identify previously unknown problems
with a product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. Compliance with these requirements is costly,
and any failure to comply or other issues with New Ayala product candidates post-market approval could have a material adverse effect
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to New Ayala s Intellectual Property 

New Ayala
relies on patents to protect its technology. New Ayala may be unable to protect its intellectual property rights and it may be liable for
infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

New Ayala s
ability to compete effectively will depend on its ability to maintain the proprietary nature of its technologies, including the Lm -LLO
based immunotherapy platform technology, and the proprietary technology of others with whom New Ayala has entered into collaboration and
licensing agreements. 

Currently,
New Ayala owns or have rights to several hundred patents and applications, which are owned, licensed from, or co-owned with Penn and Merck.
New Ayala has obtained the rights to all future patent applications in this field originating in the laboratories of Dr. Yvonne Paterson
and Dr. Fred Frankel, at the University of Pennsylvania. 

52 

New
Ayala owns or hold licenses to a number of issued patents and U.S. pending patent applications, as well as foreign patents and
foreign counterparts. New Ayala s success depends in part on its ability to obtain patent protection both in the United States
and in other countries for its product candidates, as well as the methods for treating patients in the product indications using
these product candidates. Such patent protection is costly to obtain and maintain, and New Ayala cannot guarantee that sufficient
funds will be available. New Ayala s ability to protect its product candidates from unauthorized or infringing use by third
parties depends in substantial part on its ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents. Due to evolving legal
standards relating to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering pharmaceutical inventions and the scope of
claims made under these patents, New Ayala s ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patents is uncertain and involves complex
legal and factual questions. Even if New Ayala s product candidates, as well as methods for treating patients for prescribed
indications using these product candidates are covered by valid and enforceable patents and have claims with sufficient scope,
disclosure and support in the specification, the patents will provide protection only for a limited amount of time. Accordingly,
rights under any issued patents may not provide New Ayala with sufficient protection for its product candidates or provide sufficient
protection to afford it a commercial advantage against competitive products or processes. 

In
addition, New Ayala cannot guarantee that any patents will issue from any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to
New Ayala. Even if patents have issued or will issue, New Ayala cannot guarantee that the claims of these patents are or will be valid or
enforceable or will provide it with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable to
New Ayala. The laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the United States
and many companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. Furthermore,
different countries have different procedures for obtaining patents, and patents issued in different countries offer different degrees
of protection against use of the patented invention by others. If New Ayala encounters such difficulties in protecting or are otherwise
precluded from effectively protecting its intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions, its business prospects could be substantially
harmed. 

The
patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including New Ayala s patent position, involve complex legal and factual
questions, and, therefore, validity and enforceability cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents may be challenged, deemed unenforceable,
invalidated, or circumvented as a result of laws, rules and guidelines that are changed due to legislative, judicial or administrative
actions, or review, which render New Ayala s patents unenforceable or invalid. New Ayala s patents can be challenged by its competitors
who can argue that its patents are invalid, unenforceable, lack utility, sufficient written description or enablement, or that the claims
of the issued patents should be limited or narrowly construed. Patents also will not protect New Ayala s product candidates if competitors
devise ways of making or using these product candidates without infringing its patents. 

New Ayala
will be able to protect its proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that its technologies, methods
of treatment, product candidates, and any future products are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained
as trade secrets and New Ayala has the funds to enforce its rights, if necessary. 

The
expiration of New Ayala s owned or licensed patents before completing the research and development of its product candidates and receiving
all required approvals in order to sell and distribute the products on a commercial scale can adversely affect New Ayala s business
and results of operations. 

Litigation
regarding patents, patent applications and other proprietary rights may be expensive and time consuming. If New Ayala is involved in such
litigation, it could cause delays in bringing product candidates to market and harm its ability to operate. 

New Ayala s
success will depend in part on its ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. The pharmaceutical
industry is characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Other parties may obtain
patents in the future and allege that the products or use of New Ayala s technologies infringe these patent claims or that it is employing
their proprietary technology without authorization. 

In
addition, third parties may challenge or infringe upon New Ayala s existing or future patents. Proceedings involving New Ayala s
patents or patent applications or those of others could result in adverse decisions regarding: 

the patentability
 of New Ayala s inventions relating to its product candidates; and/or 

the enforceability, validity
 or scope of protection offered by New Ayala s patents relating to its product candidates. 

53 

Even
if New Ayala is successful in these proceedings, it may incur substantial costs and divert management time and attention in pursuing these
proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on New Ayala. If New Ayala is unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others,
it may be required to seek a license, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in court. Patent litigation
is costly and time consuming. New Ayala may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition,
if New Ayala does not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully
or have infringed patents declared valid, New Ayala may: 

incur substantial
 monetary damages; 

encounter significant delays
 in bringing New Ayala product candidates to market; and/or 

be precluded from participating
 in the manufacture, use or sale of New Ayala product candidates or methods of treatment requiring licenses. 

New Ayala
may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

New Ayala
also relies on trade secrets to protect its proprietary technologies, especially where it does not believe patent protection is appropriate
or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. New Ayala relies in part on confidentiality agreements with its employees,
consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors to protect its trade secrets and other proprietary
information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy
in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover New Ayala s trade
secrets and proprietary information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of New Ayala s
proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect its competitive business position. 

Some
of New Ayala s products are dependent upon its license agreement with Penn; if New Ayala breaches the license agreement and/or fail
to make payments due and owing to Penn under its license agreement, its business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Pursuant
to the terms of New Ayala s license agreement with Penn, which has been amended from time to time, it has acquired exclusive worldwide
licenses for patents and patent applications related to its proprietary Listeria vaccine technology. The license provides New Ayala
with the exclusive commercial rights to the patent portfolio developed at Penn as of the effective date of the license, in connection
with Dr. Paterson and requires New Ayala to pay various milestone, legal, filing and licensing payments to commercialize the technology.
As of October 31, 2022, New Ayala did not have outstanding payables to Penn. New Ayala can provide no assurance that it will be able to make
all future payments due and owing thereunder, that such licenses will not be terminated or expire during critical periods, that it will
be able to obtain licenses from Penn for other rights that may be important to New Ayala, or, if obtained, that such licenses will be obtained
on commercially reasonable terms. The loss of any current or future licenses from Penn or the exclusivity rights provided therein could
materially harm New Ayala s business, financial condition and operating results. 

If
New Ayala is unable to obtain licenses needed for the development of its product candidates, or if it breaches any of the agreements under
which New Ayala licenses rights to patents or other intellectual property from third parties, it could lose license rights that are important
to its business. 

If
New Ayala is unable to maintain and/or obtain licenses needed for the development of its product candidates in the future, it may have
to develop alternatives to avoid infringing on the patents of others, potentially causing increased costs and delays in drug development
and introduction or precluding the development, manufacture, or sale of planned products. Some of New Ayala s licenses provide for
limited periods of exclusivity that require minimum license fees and payments and/or may be extended only with the consent of the licensor.
New Ayala can provide no assurance that it will be able to meet these minimum license fees in the future or that these third parties will
grant extensions on any or all such licenses. This same restriction may be contained in licenses obtained in the future. 

54 

Additionally,
New Ayala can provide no assurance that the patents underlying any licenses will be valid and enforceable. To the extent any products developed
by New Ayala are based on licensed technology, royalty payments on the licenses will reduce its gross profit from such product sales and
may render the sales of such products uneconomical. In addition, the loss of any current or future licenses or the exclusivity rights
provided therein could materially harm New Ayala s business, financial condition and its operations. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of New Ayala s Securities 

Because
New Ayala is quoted on the OTCQX instead of an exchange or national quotation system, its investors find it more difficult to trade in
its stock or might experience volatility in the market price of New Ayala s Common Stock. 

New Ayala s
Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQX. The OTCQX is often highly illiquid, in part because it does not have a national quotation system
by which potential investors can follow the market price of shares except through information received and generated by a limited number
of broker-dealers that make markets in particular stocks. There is a greater chance of volatility for securities that are quoted on the
OTCQX as compared to a national exchange or quotation system. This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack
of readily available price quotations, the absence of consistent administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, lower trading
volume, and market conditions. Investors in New Ayala s Common Stock may experience high fluctuations in the market price and volume
of the trading market for its securities. These fluctuations, when they occur, have a negative effect on the market price for New Ayala s
securities. Accordingly, New Ayala stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price from their shares when they determine to sell them
or may have to hold them for a substantial period of time until the market for its Common Stock improves. 

New Ayala s
stock is quoted on the OTCQX, if it fails to remain current on its reporting requirements, New Ayala could be removed from the OTCQX which
would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell its securities in the secondary market. 

Companies
trading on the OTCQX, must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and must be current in their reports under Section
13, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQX. As a result, the market liquidity for New Ayala s securities could
be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to sell its securities and the ability of stockholders to sell
their securities in the secondary market. In addition, it may be unable to get requoted on the OTCQX, which may have an adverse material
effect on New Ayala. 

On
January 10, 2023, New Ayala, was notified by the OTC Markets Group Inc., that its market capitalization has stayed below 5 million for
the past 30 consecutive calendar days and no longer meets the Standards for Continued Qualification for the OTCQX U.S. tier as per the
OTCQX Rules for U.S. Companies section 3.2.b.2. If the Company s market capitalization has not stayed at or above 5 million for
ten consecutive trading days by July 10, 2023, then its common stock will be moved from OTCQX to the OTCQB market. 

New Ayala
could issue additional blank check preferred stock without stockholder approval with the effect of diluting then current
stockholder interests and impairing their voting rights, and provisions in its charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage
a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

New Ayala s
certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that it may authorize and issue up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check 
preferred stock with designations, rights, and preferences as may be determined from time to time by New Ayala s Board. New Ayala s
Board is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion,
voting, or other rights, which could dilute the interest of or impair the voting power of its holders of Common Stock. The issuance of
a series of preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change in control. For example, it would
be possible for New Ayala s Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success
of any attempt to change control of New Ayala. 

55 

Sales
of additional equity securities may adversely affect the market price of New Ayala s Common Stock and your rights may be reduced. 

New Ayala
expects to continue to incur drug development and selling, general and administrative costs, and to satisfy its funding requirements,
it will need to sell additional equity securities, which may be subject to registration rights and warrants with anti-dilutive protective
provisions. The sale or the proposed sale of substantial amounts of New Ayala s Common Stock or other equity securities in the public
markets may adversely affect the market price of its Common Stock and stock price may decline substantially. New Ayala shareholders may
experience substantial dilution and a reduction in the price that they are able to obtain upon sale of their shares. Also, new equity
securities issued may have greater rights, preferences or privileges than New Ayala s existing Common Stock. 

The
price of New Ayala s Common Stock and warrants may be volatile. 

The
trading price of New Ayala s Common Stock and warrants may fluctuate substantially. The price of New Ayala s Common Stock and warrants
that will prevail in the market may be higher or lower than the price you have paid, depending on many factors, some of which are beyond
New Ayala s control and may not be related to its operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose part or all of
your investment in New Ayala s Common Stock and warrants. Those factors that could cause fluctuations include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

price and volume
 fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

fluctuations in stock market
 prices and trading volumes of similar companies; 

actual or anticipated changes
 in New Ayala s net loss or fluctuations in its operating results or in the expectations of securities analysts; 

the issuance of new equity
 securities pursuant to a future offering, including issuances of preferred stock; 

general economic conditions
 and trends; 

positive and negative events
 relating to healthcare and the overall pharmaceutical and biotech sector; 

major catastrophic events; 

sales of large blocks of
 New Ayala stock; 

significant dilution caused
 by the anti-dilutive clauses in New Ayala s financial agreements; 

departures of key personnel; 

changes in the regulatory
 status of New Ayala s immunotherapies, including results of its clinical trials; 

events affecting Penn or
 any current or future collaborators; 

announcements of new products
 or technologies, commercial relationships or other events by New Ayala or its competitors; 

regulatory developments
 in the United States and other countries; 

failure of New Ayala s
 Common Stock or warrants to be listed or quoted on the OTCQX Best Market or on a national market system; 

56 

changes in
 accounting principles; and 

discussion of New Ayala or
 its stock price by the financial and scientific press and in online investor communities. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Due to the potential volatility of New Ayala s stock price, it may therefore be the target
of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention
and resources from its business. 

The
market prices for New Ayala s Common Stock may be adversely impacted by future events. 

New Ayala s
Common Stock began trading on the over-the-counter-markets on July 28, 2005 and is currently quoted on the OTCQX under the symbol ADXS.
Market prices for New Ayala s Common Stock and warrants will be influenced by a number of factors, including: 

the issuance
 of new equity securities pursuant to a future offering, including issuances of preferred stock; 

changes in interest rates; 

significant dilution caused
 by the anti-dilutive clauses in New Ayala s financial agreements; 

competitive developments,
 including announcements by competitors of new products or services or significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
 joint ventures or capital commitments; 

variations in quarterly
 operating results; 

change in financial estimates
 by securities analysts; 

the depth and liquidity
 of the market for New Ayala s Common Stock and warrants; 

investor perceptions of
 New Ayala and the pharmaceutical and biotech industries generally; and 

general economic and other
 national conditions. 

So
long as New Ayala s Common Stock continues to be quoted on the OTCQX, it could be subject to the so-called penny stock 
rules that impose restrictive sales practice requirements. 

As
New Ayala s Common Stock has been de-listed from the Nasdaq Capital Market and is now quoted on the OTCQX, which is not a national
securities exchange as defined by the Exchange Act, and thus its Common Stock will be become subject to the so-called penny
stock rules if the shares have a market value of less than 5.00 per share. The SEC has adopted regulations that define a penny
stock to include any stock that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions, including an exception
for stock traded on a national securities exchange. The SEC regulations impose restrictive sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. An accredited investor generally is a person
whose individual annual income exceeded 200,000, or whose joint annual income with a spouse exceeded 300,000 during the past two years
and who expects their annual income to exceed the applicable level during the current year, or a person with net worth in excess of 1.0
million, not including the value of the investor s principal residence and excluding mortgage debt secured by the investor s
principal residence up to the estimated fair market value of the home, except that any mortgage debt incurred by the investor within
60 days prior to the date of the transaction shall not be excluded from the determination of the investor s net worth unless the
mortgage debt was incurred to acquire the residence. For transactions covered by this rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability
determination for the purchaser and must have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. This means
that so long as New Ayala s Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, the ability of stockholders to sell their
Common Stock in the secondary market could be adversely affected. 

57 

If
a transaction involving a penny stock is not exempt from the SEC s rule, a broker-dealer must deliver a disclosure schedule relating
to the penny stock market to each investor prior to a transaction. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both
the broker-dealer and its registered representative, current quotations for the penny stock, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker,
the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements
must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the customer s account and information on the limited
market in penny stocks. 

New Ayala
may be at an increased risk of securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The
market price of New Ayala s Common Stock may be volatile, and in the past companies that have experienced volatility in the market
price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. New Ayala may be the target of this type of litigation in
the future. Securities litigation against New Ayala could result in substantial costs and divert its management s attention from
other business concerns, which could seriously harm its business. 

New Ayala
does not intend to pay cash dividends. 

New Ayala
has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock, and it does not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the payment of cash dividends on New Ayala s Common Stock will be at its Board
of Directors discretion and will depend on its financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and other factors
that its Board of Directors considers to be relevant. 

New Ayala s
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change
in control, which may cause New Ayala s stock price to decline. 

New Ayala s
certificate of incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions which could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
New Ayala, even if closing such a transaction would be beneficial to its shareholders. New Ayala is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance
by New Ayala s Board of Directors without further action by shareholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may include voting
rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion and redemption
rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of
New Ayala s Common Stock, and therefore, reduce the value of its Common Stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders
of preferred stock could be used to restrict New Ayala s ability to merge with, or sell its assets to, a third party and thereby preserve
control by the present management. 

Provisions
of New Ayala s certificate of incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware law also could have the effect of discouraging potential Acquisition
Proposals or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a shareholder might consider favorable.
Such provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by New Ayala shareholders to replace or remove its management. In particular, the
certificate of incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware law, as applicable, among other things; provide the Board of Directors with the ability
to alter the By-laws without shareholder approval and provide that vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of
directors in office, and less than a quorum. 

These
provisions are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons
seeking to acquire control of New Ayala to first negotiate with its board. These provisions may delay or prevent someone from acquiring
or merging with New Ayala, which may cause the market price of its Common Stock to decline. 

58 

Item
1B: Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
corporate offices are located at 9 Deer Park Drive, Suite K-1, Monmouth Junction, NJ 08852
which is occupied pursuant to a lease that expires on March 31, 2023. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Atachbarian 

On
November 15, 2021, a purported stockholder of the Company commenced an action against the Company and certain of its directors in the
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, entitled Atachbarian v. Advaxis, Inc., et al., No. 3:21-cv-20006. The plaintiff alleges
that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties and violated Section 14(a) and Rule 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder by allegedly failing to disclose certain matters in its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Commission
File No. 333-259065 (the Registration Statement filed in connection with a proposed merger with Biosight Ltd. (the Previously
Proposed Merger ). On December 15, 2021, pursuant to an understanding reached with the plaintiff, the Company made certain other
additional disclosures that mooted the demands asserted in the complaint. On December 17, 2021, the plaintiff filed a notice of voluntary
dismissal with prejudice. On February 7, 2022, the Company and the plaintiff reached a settlement agreement, which is recorded in general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Purported
Stockholder Claims Related to Biosight Transaction 

Between
September 16, 2021, and November 4, 2021, the Company received demand letters on behalf of six purported stockholders of the Company,
alleging that the Company failed to disclose certain matters in the Registration Statement, and demanding that the Company disclose such
information in a supplemental disclosure filed with the SEC. On October 14, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to the Registration
Statement and on November 8, 2021, the Company made certain other additional disclosures that mooted the demands asserted in the above-referenced
letters. The six plaintiffs have made settlement demands. On May 20, 2022, the Company and one of the plaintiffs have reached a settlement
agreement, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. At
this time, the Company is unable to predict the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. 

In
addition, the Company received certain additional demands from stockholders asserting that the proxy materials filed by the Company in
connection with the Previously Proposed Merger contained alleged material misstatements and/or omissions. Certain stockholders also demanded
books and records of the Company pursuant to Delaware law. In response to these demands, the Company agreed to make, and did make, certain
supplemental disclosures to the proxy materials. The stockholders have made settlement demands. On July 18, 2022, the Company and the
plaintiffs consummated settlement agreements, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Purported
Stockholder Claims Related to Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Offering 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company received a letter on behalf of purported stockholders of the Company, demanding certain books and records
pursuant to Delaware law regarding the proposed issuance of super voting preferred stock. The Company agreed to provide certain books
and records to the stockholders and agreed to make, and did make, a supplemental disclosure to the proxy materials. The stockholders
have made settlement demands. On July 18, 2022, the Company and the plaintiffs consummated settlement agreements, which is recorded in general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Purported
Stockholder Claims Related to Merger with Old Ayala 

On December 15, 2022, a purported stockholder of Old Ayala filed a complaint
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Old Ayala and the members of its Board, captioned Stephen Bushansky
v. Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Case No.1:22-cv-10621 (S.D.N.Y.) (the Complaint ). 

The
Complaint asserts claims against all defendants under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder for omitting or misrepresenting material information from Old
Ayala s Proxy Statement and against the individual defendants under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act for alleged
 control person liability with respect to such alleged omissions and misrepresentations. The allegations in the
Complaint include that the Proxy Statement omitted material information regarding Old Ayala s financial projections and the
financial analyses of Old Ayala s financial advisor for the Merger. The Complaint seeks, among other relief, (1) to enjoin
defendants from consummating the Merger; (2) to enjoin a vote on the Merger; (3) to rescind the Merger Agreement or recover damages,
if the Merger is completed; (4) a declaration that defendants violated Sections 14(a) or 20(a) and Rule 14a-9 of the Exchange Act;
and (5) attorneys fees and costs. 

In addition, approximately nine purported stockholders of Old Ayala sent letters to those
noted in the above-referenced Complaint alleging similar deficiencies in Old Ayala s Proxy Statement (collectively, the
 Demand Letters ). 

At this time, the Company is unable to predict the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to
the Complaint and the Demand Letters. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

59 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Our Common stock and Related Shareholder Matters. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQX under the symbol ADXS . 

As
of October 31, 2022 there were approximately 80 holders of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater
than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by
brokers or held by other nominees. 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. Selected Financial Data . 

[Reserved]. 

ITEM
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and other portions of this report contain
forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
by the forward-looking information. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, availability and cost of
financial resources, product demand, market acceptance and other factors discussed in this report under the heading Risk Factors .
This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with
our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

Ayala Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. New Ayala or the Company is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization
of proprietary Lm Technology antigen delivery products based on a platform technology that utilizes live attenuated Listeria
monocytogenes , or Lm , bioengineered to secrete antigen/adjuvant fusion proteins. These Lm -based strains are believed
to be a significant advancement in immunotherapy as they integrate multiple functions into a single immunotherapy by accessing and directing
antigen presenting cells to stimulate anti-tumor T cell immunity, stimulate and activate the innate immune system with the equivalent
of multiple adjuvants, and simultaneously reduce tumor protection in the Tumor Microenvironment, or TME, to enable the T cells to attack
tumor cells. 

The
Company believes that Lm Technology immunotherapies can complement and address significant unmet needs in the current oncology
treatment landscape. Specifically, our product candidates (i.e., ADXS-PSA and ADXS-504) have the potential to optimize, enhance checkpoint
performance of other oncology treatments, while having a generally well-tolerated safety profile. 

New Ayala
is currently winding down or has wound down clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in three program areas: 

Human
 Papilloma Virus HPV )-associated cancers 

Personalized
 neoantigen-directed therapies 

Human
 epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) associated cancers 

60 

All
these clinical program areas are anchored in the Company s Lm Technology TM , a unique platform designed for its
ability to safely and effectively target various cancers in multiple ways. While we are currently winding down clinical studies of Lm
 Technology immunotherapies in these three program areas, our license agreements continue with OS Therapies, LLC for ADXS-HER2 and
with Global BioPharma, or GBP, for the exclusive license for the development and commercialization of ADXS-HPV, or AXAL, in Asia, Africa,
and the former USSR territory, exclusive of India and certain other countries. 

Recent
Developments 

Merger
with Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

On
October 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), subject to shareholder approval,
with Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Old Ayala and Doe Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ), a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of New Ayala. Under the terms of the agreement, the Merger Sub merged with and into Old Ayala, with Old Ayala continuing as
the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Ayala (the Merger ). Immediately after the Merger, New Ayala stockholders
as of immediately prior to the Merger owned approximately 37.5 of the outstanding shares of the combined company and former
Old Ayala shareholders owned approximately 62.5 of the outstanding shares of the combined company. The Merger was accounted
for a reverse acquisition pursuant to ASC 805-40. 

At
the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), each share of share capital of Old Ayala issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New Ayala common stock, par value
 0.001 per share, equal to the exchange ratio, 0.1874 shares of New Ayala common stock per Old Ayala share. 

Results
of Operations for the Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Revenue
was 250,000 for the year ended October 31, 2022 compared to 3,240,000 for the year ended October 31, 2021. In
the prior period, we recognized royalty payments from OST. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

We
invest in research and development to advance our Lm technology through our preclinical and clinical development programs. Research
and development expenses for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 were categorized as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Hotspot/Off-the-Shelf therapies 
 4,323 
 4,261 
 62 
 1 
 
 Prostate cancer 
 94 
 30 
 64 
 213 
 
 HPV-associated cancers 
 263 
 2,069 
 (1,806 
 (87 
 
 Personalized neoantigen-directed therapies 
 11 
 495 
 (484 
 (98 
 
 Other expenses 
 2,925 
 3,707 
 (782 
 (21 
 
 Total research development expense 
 7,616 
 10,562 
 (2,946 
 (28 

Stock-based compensation expense included in research and development expense 
 47 
 164 
 (117 
 (71 

61 

Hotspot/Off-the-Shelf
Therapies (ADXS-HOT) 

Research
and development costs associated with our hotspot mutation-based therapy for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 increased approximately
1 to 4,323,000 compared to the same period in 2021. The increase is attributable to patient recruitment costs and manufacturing costs
pertaining to the HOT-503 study incurred in the current period and partially offset by a slowdown in patient enrollment. On October 18,
2022, we announced that we are conducting an orderly wind down of our HOT-503 study. 

Prostate
Cancer (ADXS-PSA) 

Research
and development costs associated with our prostate cancer therapy for the year ended October 31, 2022 increased approximately
 64,000, or 213 , compared to the same period in 2021. The increase is not significant. The Phase 1/2 study of our ADXS-PSA compound
in combination with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), Merck s humanized monoclonal antibody, has been completed and we do not anticipate
that we will continue to incur significant costs associated with the wind down of the study. 

HPV-Associated
Cancers (AXAL) 

The
majority of the HPV-associated research and development costs include clinical trial and other related costs associated with our AXAL
programs in cervical and head and neck cancers. HPV-associated costs for the year ended October 31, 2022 decreased approximately 1,806,000,
or 87 , compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is attributable to wind down costs associated with the closure of our Phase
3 AIM2CERV study in high-risk locally advanced cervical cancer. We do not anticipate that we will continue to incur significant costs
associated with the wind down of our Phase 3 AIM2CERV study. 

Personalized
Neoantigen-Directed Therapies (ADXS-NEO) 

Research
and development costs associated with personalized neoantigen-directed therapies for the year ended October 31, 2022 decreased approximately
 484,000, or 98 , compared to the same period in 2021. The study has been completed and we do not anticipate that we will continue to
incur significant costs associated with the wind down of the study. 

Other
Expenses 

Other
expenses include salary and benefit costs, stock-based compensation expense, professional fees, laboratory costs and other internal and
external costs associated with our research development activities. Other expenses for the year ended October 31, 2022 decreased
approximately 782,000, or 21 , compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is attributable to (1) prior period losses on disposal
of property and equipment in connection with the termination of our office lease at our former location, (2) decrease in personnel costs
due to decreases in headcount, stock compensation and bonus accruals, and (3) decrease in depreciation expense. The decreases were partially
offset by increases in (1) clinical trial expenses due to credit memos issued by vendors in the prior year and (2) consulting expenses. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses primarily include salary and benefit costs and stock-based compensation expense for employees included in
our finance, legal and administrative organizations, outside legal and professional services, and facilities costs. General and administrative
expenses for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended October 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expense 
 8,891 
 11,464 
 (2,573 
 (22 

Stock-based compensation expense included in general and administrative expense 
 50 
 402 
 (352 
 (88 

62 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended October 31, 2022 decreased approximately 2,573,000, or 22 , compared to the same period
in 2021. This decrease primarily relates to (1) legal and consulting fees related to the Previously
Proposed Merger in the prior period, (2) prior period losses on disposal of property and
equipment in connection with the termination of our office lease at our former location, (3) prior period sublicense fees paid to the
University of Pennsylvania for the OST milestones reached, (4) decrease in personnel costs due to decreases in stock compensation and
bonus accruals, (5) decreases in rent, utilities and depreciation due to the termination of our office lease at our former location and
(6) decreases in Director and Officer insurance. These decreases were partially offset by (1) an increase in proxy solicitation fees
related to the Previously Proposed Merger and the reverse stock split and (2) an increase in amounts
paid in settlement of shareholder demand letters in the current period. 

Intangible
Asset Impairment 

During
the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge under ASC 350 for its patents owned and in-licensed intellectual
property of approximately 3,053,000. 

Changes
in Fair Values 

For
the year ended October 31, 2022, we recorded non-cash income from changes in the fair value of derivative liabilities of approximately
 4,853,000. The decrease in the derivative liabilities was attributable to a decrease in our share price from 38.77 at October 31, 2021
to 1.86 at October 31, 2022. 

For
the year ended October 31, 2021, we recorded non-cash income from changes in the fair value of the warrant liability of approximately
 970,000. The decrease in the fair value of liability warrants resulted primarily from the issuance of warrants in the April 2021 Private
Placement. The warrants issued in the April 2021 Private Placement decreased in fair value from date of issuance to October 31, 2021
due to a decrease in our share price from 45.36 at April 14, 2021 to 38.77 at October 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Going
Concern and Management s Plans 

Similar
to other development stage biotechnology companies, our products that are being developed have not generated significant revenue. As
a result, we have historically suffered recurring losses and we have required significant cash resources to execute our business
plans. These losses are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. Additionally, due to the Merger, we will need additional
cash resources to properly integrate and implement the operations of Old Ayala. The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern within twelve months after the date the
financial statements are issued. 

Historically,
the Company s major sources of cash have comprised proceeds from various public and private offerings of its securities (including
common stock), debt financings, clinical collaborations, option and warrant exercises, income earned on investments and grants, and interest
income. From October 2013 through October 31, 2022, the Company raised approximately 339.4 million in gross proceeds from various public
and private offerings of our common stock. The Company has sustained losses from operations in each fiscal year since our inception,
and we expect losses to continue for the indefinite future. As of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 443 million and 428.6 million, respectively, and stockholders equity of approximately 23.6 million
and 38.9 million, respectively. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. An extended period of economic disruption could
negatively affect the Company s business, financial condition, and access to sources of liquidity. As of October 31, 2022, the
Company had approximately 25.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. The actual amount of cash that the Company will need to continue
operating is subject to many factors. 

63 

The
Company recognizes that it will need to raise additional capital in order to continue to execute its business plan in the future. There
is no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that the Company will be able to obtain financing on terms
acceptable to it or whether the Company will become profitable and generate positive operating cash flow. If the Company is unable to
raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to further scale back its operations. The Company based
this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, and we could use available capital resources sooner than currently expected. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 15,284,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 compared to 15,439,000, for
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities includes reduced spending associated with our clinical
trial programs and general and administrative activities. The variance is insignificant. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 166,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 compared to 11,000 for the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2021. The decrease is the result of proceeds on a prior period disposal
of property and equipment partially offset by reductions in purchases for intangible assets. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities was approximately 956,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 as compared to net cash provided
by financing activities of 31,886,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. On January 31, 2022, the Company closed on an offering
with certain institutional investors for the private placement of 1,000,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The shares sold had an
aggregate stated value of 5,000,000. Each share of the Series D Preferred Stock was sold for a purchase price of 4.75, representing
an original issue discount of 5 of the stated value. Total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the financial advisor s
fees and other estimated offering expenses, were approximately 4.3 million. The Series D preferred stock also had a liquidation preference
over the shares of common stock, and could be redeemed by the investors, in accordance with certain terms, for a redemption price equal
to 105 of the stated value, or in certain circumstances, 110 of the stated value. On April 6, 2022, the holders of all 1,000,000 outstanding
shares of the Series D Preferred Stock exercised their right to cause the Company to redeem all of such shares at a price per share equal
to 105 of the stated value per share of 5.00, and such shares were redeemed accordingly. 

In
November 2020, the Company closed on a public offering of 383,333 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 24.00 per
share. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses, the net proceeds from the offering were
approximately 8.5 million. In addition, the Company also undertook a concurrent private placement of warrants to purchase up to 191,674
shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price per share of 28.00, are exercisable immediately and will expire five years
from the date of issuance. 

On
April 12, 2021, the Company completed an offering of (i) 219,718 shares of common stock, (ii) 95,899 pre-funded warrants to purchase
95,899 shares of common stock and (iii) registered common share purchase warrants to purchase 140,552 shares of common stock with two
healthcare focused, institutional investors. The Company also issued to the investors, in a concurrent private placement, unregistered
common share purchase warrants to purchase 175,065 shares of the Company s common stock. We received gross proceeds of approximately
 20 million, before deducting the fees and expenses payable by us in connection with the offering. 

During
the year ended October 31, 2021, warrant holders from the Company s November 2020 and April 2021 offerings exercised 230,343 warrants
in exchange for 230,343 shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to these warrant exercises, the Company received aggregate
proceeds of approximately 3.8 million. 

64 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of October 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
account for our warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC
815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for
liability classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among
other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time
of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

Some
of our warrants meet the criteria as liability classified derivative instruments and are recorded at fair value on the grant date and
re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Warrant liabilities are classified
on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Volatility in our common stock may result in significant changes in the value of the warrant
liabilities and resulting gains and losses on our consolidated statement of operations. 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets primarily consist of legal and filing costs associated with obtaining patents and licenses and are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their remaining useful lives which are estimated to be twenty years from the effective dates of the University of Pennsylvania
(Penn) License Agreements, beginning in July 1, 2002. These legal and filing costs are invoiced to the Company through Penn and its patent
attorneys. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Revenue
Recognition 

Under
ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the
consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements
that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s)
with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the
transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration
it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined
to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract, determines those that are
performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount
of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

65 

The
Company enters into licensing agreements that are within the scope of ASC 606, under which it may exclusively license rights to research,
develop, manufacture and commercialize its product candidates to third parties. The terms of these arrangements typically include payment
to the Company of one or more of the following: non-refundable, upfront license fees; reimbursement of certain costs; customer option
exercise fees; development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments; and royalties on net sales of licensed products. 

In
determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under its agreements, the Company performs
the following steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised
goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of
the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. As part of the accounting
for these arrangements, the Company must use significant judgment to determine: (a) the number of performance obligations based on the
determination under step (ii) above; (b) the transaction price under step (iii) above; and (c) the stand-alone selling price for each
performance obligation identified in the contract for the allocation of transaction price in step (iv) above. The Company uses judgment
to determine whether milestones or other variable consideration, except for royalties, should be included in the transaction price as
described further below. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis,
for which the Company recognizes revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. 

Amounts
received prior to revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months
following the balance sheet date are classified as current portion of deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue,
net of current portion. 

Exclusive
Licenses. If the license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations
identified in the arrangement, the Company recognizes revenue from non-refundable, upfront fees allocated to the license when the license
is transferred to the customer and the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. In assessing whether a performance obligation
is distinct from the other performance obligations, the Company considers factors such as the research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization capabilities of the collaboration partner and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace.
In addition, the Company considers whether the collaboration partner can benefit from a performance obligation for its intended purpose
without the receipt of the remaining performance obligation, whether the value of the performance obligation is dependent on the unsatisfied
performance obligation, whether there are other vendors that could provide the remaining performance obligation, and whether it is separately
identifiable from the remaining performance obligation. For licenses that are combined with other performance obligation, the Company
utilizes judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation
is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
revenue. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and
related revenue recognition. The measure of progress, and thereby periods over which revenue should be recognized, are subject to estimates
by management and may change over the course of the research and development and licensing agreement. Such a change could have a material
impact on the amount of revenue the Company records in future periods. 

Milestone
Payments. At the inception of each arrangement that includes research or development milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether
the milestones are considered probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most
likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included
in the transaction price. An output method is generally used to measure progress toward complete satisfaction of a milestone. Milestone
payments that are not within the control of the Company or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of
being achieved until those approvals are received. The Company evaluates factors such as the scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial,
and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone in making this assessment. There is considerable judgment involved
in determining whether it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur. At the end of each subsequent reporting period,
the Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of all milestones subject to constraint and, if necessary, adjusts its estimate
of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenue and earnings
in the period of adjustment. 

66 

Stock
Based Compensation 

The
Company has an equity plan which allows for the granting of stock options to its employees, directors and consultants for a fixed number
of shares with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the shares at date of grant. The Company measures the cost of services received
in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. The fair value of the award is measured on the grant
date and is then recognized over the requisite service period, usually the vesting period, in both research and development expenses
and general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations, depending on the nature of the services provided
by the employees or consultants. 

The
process of estimating the fair value of stock-based compensation awards and recognizing stock-based compensation cost over their requisite
service period involves significant assumptions and judgments. The Company estimates the fair value of stock option awards on the date
of grant using the Black Scholes Model BSM for the remaining awards, which requires that the Company makes certain assumptions
regarding: (i) the expected volatility in the market price of its common stock; (ii) dividend yield; (iii) risk-free interest rates;
and (iv) the period of time employees are expected to hold the award prior to exercise (referred to as the expected holding period).
As a result, if the Company revises its assumptions and estimates, stock-based compensation expense could change materially for future
grants. 

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation using fair value recognition and records forfeitures as they occur. As such, the Company
recognizes stock-based compensation cost only for those stock-based awards that vest over their requisite service period, based on the
vesting provisions of the individual grants. 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
account for our warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC
815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for
liability classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among
other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time
of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

Some
of our warrants meet the criteria as liability classified derivative instruments and are recorded at fair value on the grant date and
re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Warrant liabilities are classified
on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Volatility in our common stock may result in significant changes in the value of the warrant
liabilities and resulting gains and losses on our consolidated statement of operations. 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets primarily consist of legal and filing costs associated with obtaining patents and licenses and are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their remaining useful lives which are estimated to be twenty years from the effective dates of the University of Pennsylvania
(Penn) License Agreements, beginning in July 1, 2002. These legal and filing costs are invoiced to the Company through Penn and its patent
attorneys. 

Management
reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not
be recoverable. Net assets are recorded on the balance sheet for patents related to ADXS-HER2 and the Lm technology licensed from the
University of Pennsylvania. There are various scenarios under which an impairment charge may be recorded, which include if a competitor
were to gain FDA approval for a similar treatment before the Company, if future clinical trials fail to meet the targeted endpoints,
or if a drug application is rejected or fails to be issued. Lastly, if the Company is unable to raise enough capital to continue funding
its studies and developing its intellectual property, the Company would likely record an impairment to these assets. 

67 

Leases 

At
the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease based on the facts and circumstances
present in the arrangement. An arrangement is or contains a lease if the arrangement conveys the right to control the use of an identified
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Most leases with a term greater than one year are recognized on the consolidated
balance sheet as operating lease right-of-use assets and current and long-term operating lease liabilities, as applicable. The Company
has elected not to recognize on the consolidated balance sheet leases with terms of 12 months or less. The Company typically only includes
the initial lease term in its assessment of a lease arrangement. Options to extend a lease are not included in the Company s assessment
unless there is reasonable certainty that the Company will renew. 

Operating
lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected
remaining lease term. Certain adjustments to the right-of-use asset may be required for items such as prepaid or accrued rent. The interest
rate implicit in the Company s leases is typically not readily determinable. As a result, the Company utilizes its incremental
borrowing rate, which reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease payments
in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. In transition to ASC 842, the Company utilized the remaining
lease term of its leases in determining the appropriate incremental borrowing rates. 

New
Accounting Standards 

See
Note 2 to our financial statements that discusses new accounting standards. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

At
October 31, 2022, we had approximately 25.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, which consisted primarily of bank deposits and money
market funds. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. We
use a combination of internal and external management to execute our investment strategy and achieve our investment objectives. We typically
invest in highly-rated securities (such as money market funds), and our investment policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure
to any one issuer. The policy requires investments generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential
risk of principal loss. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk; however, historical fluctuations of interest
income have not been significant. 

We
have not been exposed nor do we anticipate being exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10 change
in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial statements. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
information required by this Item 8 is incorporated by reference to our financial statements and the related notes and the report of
our independent registered public accounting firm beginning at page F-1 of this report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

68 

Item
9A: Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures reflects the fact
that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls
and procedures relative to their costs. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of October 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that,
as of October 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, our management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022. In conducting such
evaluation, management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework 
published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) to evaluate the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of October 31, 2022, based on those criteria. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over
financial reporting, in accordance with applicable SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report in this report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

69 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Legal
Proceedings Involving Directors 

None. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

On
May 27, 2015, David Sidransky was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Board and continues to serve as Chairman.
Dr. Sidransky s experience in life science companies, as well as his scientific knowledge, his history with our Company and his
own history of innovation and strategic thinking, qualify him to serve as our Chairman. Additionally, on April 23, 2018, Kenneth Berlin
was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and named a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Berlin s knowledge of industry
standards and his experience in industry operations, and his leadership experience complements Dr. Sidransky s scientific knowledge. 

While
we do not have a formal policy regarding the separation of our principal executive officer and chairman of our Board, we believe the
current structure is in the best interest of the Company at this time. Further, this structure demonstrates to our employees and stockholders
that we are under strong leadership, with multiple skills and sets the tone for managing our operations. This leadership structure promotes
strategic development and execution, timely decision-making and effective management of our resources. We believe that we are well-served
by this structure. 

New Ayala s
directors are elected annually by the stockholders and serve for one-year terms until his/her successor is elected and qualified or until
such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. The executive officers and key personnel are appointed by and serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors. The executive officers and directors of New Ayala and their respective ages as of October
31, 2022 were as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dr.
 David Sidransky (2) (3) (4) 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman
 of our Board of Directors 
 
 Dr.
 James P. Patton (1) (3) (4) 
 
 65 
 
 Vice
 Chairman of our Board of Directors 
 
 Roni
 A. Appel (1) (3) 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Kenneth
 A. Berlin 
 
 58 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Richard
 J. Berman (1) (2) 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Samir N. Khleif (2) (4) 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Andres
 Gutierrez 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer and Executive Vice President 
 
 Igor
 Gitelman 
 
 47 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer, VP of Finance 

(1) 
 Member
 of the Audit Committee 

(2) 
 Member
 of the Compensation Committee 

(3) 
 Member
 of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

(4) 
 Member
 of the Research Development Committee 

In
connection with the Merger, Dr. Patton and Mr. Berman stepped down from the Board and were replaced by Dr. Vered Bisker-Leib, Murray
A. Goldberg, and Dr. Robert Spiegel. 

Dr.
David Sidransky 

Dr.
Sidransky currently serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors and has served as a member of our Board of Directors since July
2013. He is a renowned oncologist and research scientist named and profiled by TIME magazine in 2001 as one of the top physicians and
scientists in America, recognized for his work with early detection of cancer. Since 1994, Dr. Sidransky has been the Director of the
Head and Neck Cancer Research Division and Professor of Oncology, Otolaryngology, Genetics, and Pathology at Johns Hopkins University
School of Medicine. He has served as Chairman or Lead of the Board of Directors of Champions Oncology since October 2007 and was a director
and Vice-Chairman of ImClone Systems until its merger with Eli Lilly Inc. He is the Chairman of Tamir Biotechnology and Ayala and serves
on the Board of Directors of Galmed and Orgenesis. He has served on scientific advisory boards of MedImmune, Roche, Amgen, and Veridex,
LLC (a Johnson Johnson diagnostic company), among others. Dr. Sidransky served as Director (2005-2008) of the American Association
for Cancer Research (AACR). He earned his B.S. from Brandeis University and his Medical Doctorate from Baylor College of Medicine. Dr.
Sidransky s experience in life science companies, as well as his scientific knowledge, qualify him to service as our director and
non-executive chairman. 

70 

Roni
A. Appel 

Mr.
Appel has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 2004. He was our President and Chief Executive Officer from January
1, 2006 until December 2006 and Secretary and Chief Financial Officer from November 2004 to September 2006. From December 15, 2006 to
December 2007, Mr. Appel served as a consultant to us. Mr. Appel currently is a self-employed consultant and the Co-Founder and President
of Spirify Pharma Inc. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Anima Biotech Inc., from 2008 through January 31, 2013. From
1999 to 2004, he was a partner and managing director of LV Equity Partners (f/k/a LibertyView Equity Partners). From 1998 until 1999,
he was a director of business development at Americana Financial Services, Inc. From 1994 to 1996, he worked as an attorney. Mr. Appel
holds an M.B.A from Columbia University (1998) and an LL.B. from Haifa University (1994). Mr. Appel s longstanding service with
us and his entrepreneurial investment career in early stage biotech businesses qualify him to serve as our director. 

Kenneth
Berlin 

Mr.
Berlin has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since April 2018. Mr. Berlin served
as our Interim Chief Financial Officer from September 2020 to May 2022. Prior to joining New Ayala, Mr. Berlin served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of Rosetta Genomics from November 2009 until April 2018. Prior to Rosetta Genomics, Mr. Berlin was Worldwide
General Manager at cellular and molecular cancer diagnostics developer Veridex, LLC, a Johnson Johnson company. At Veridex he grew
the organization to over 100 employees, launched three cancer diagnostic products, led the acquisition of its cellular diagnostics partner,
and delivered significant growth in sales as Veridex transitioned from an R D entity to a commercial provider of oncology diagnostic
products and services. Mr. Berlin joined Johnson Johnson in 1994 and served as corporate counsel for six years. From 2001 until
2004 he served as Vice President, Licensing and New Business Development in the pharmaceuticals group, and from 2004 until 2007 served
as Worldwide Vice President, Franchise Development, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics. Mr. Berlin holds an A.B. degree from Princeton University
and a J.D. from the University of California Los Angeles School of Law. Mr. Berlin s experience in life science companies, as well
as his business experience in general, qualify him to service as our director. 

Dr.
Samir Khleif 

Dr.
Khleif has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2014. He currently serves as the Director of the State of Georgia
Cancer Center, Georgia Regents University Cancer Center and the Cancer Service Line. Dr. Khleif was formerly Chief of the Cancer Vaccine
Section at the NCI, and also served as a Special Assistant to the Commissioner of the FDA leading the Critical Path Initiative for oncology.
Dr. Khleif is a Georgia Research Alliance Distinguished Cancer Scientist and Clinician and holds a professorship in Medicine, Biochemistry
and Molecular Biology, and Graduate Studies at Georgia Regents University. Dr. Khleif s research program at Georgia Regents University
Cancer Center focuses on understanding the mechanisms of cancer-induced immune suppression, and utilizing this knowledge for the development
of novel immune therapeutics and vaccines against cancer. His research group designed and performed some of the first cancer vaccine
clinical trials targeting specific genetic changes in cancer cells. He led many national efforts and committees on the development of
biomarkers and integration of biomarkers in clinical trials, including the AACR-NCI-FDA Cancer Biomarker Collaborative and the ASCO Alternative
Clinical Trial Design. Dr. Khleif is the author of many book chapters and scientific articles on tumor immunology and biomarkers process
development, and he is the editor for two textbooks on cancer therapeutics, tumor immunology, and cancer vaccines. Dr. Khleif was inducted
into the American Society for Clinical Investigation, received the National Cancer Institute s Director Golden Star Award, the
National Institutes of Health Award for Merit, the Commendation Medal of the US Public Health Service, and he was recently appointed
to the Institute of Medicine National Cancer Policy Forum. Dr. Khleif s distinguished career as well as his extensive expertise
in vaccines and immunotherapies qualify him to serve as our director. 

71 

Vered
Bisker-Leib, Ph.D., M.B.A. 

Dr.
Bisker-Leib has served as a member of the Old Ayala Board of Directors since January 2023. Dr. Bisker-Leib is the President and Chief Operating
Officer of Compass Therapeutics, Inc. where she has been a member of the executive leadership team since November 2017. Prior to Compass,
Dr. Bisker-Leib advised Atlas Ventures portfolio companies as an entrepreneur-in-residence from November 2016 to November 2017. Previously,
as the Chief Business Officer of Cydan Development, Inc. from October 2014 to October 2016, Dr. Bisker-Leib founded biotech companies
focused on therapies addressing rare diseases, including Imara Inc. Dr. Bisker-Leib was a member of BMS strategic transactions
group where she assumed roles of increasing responsibility across five therapeutic areas, most recently as an Executive Director and
Global Head of business development for the cardiovascular and metabolic franchises. Dr. Bisker-Leib received a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering
and an M.B.A. from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Dr. Bisker-Leib has a B.Sc. in Chemical Engineering from the Israel Institute
of Technology, Haifa. We believe that Dr. Bisker-Leib s extensive experience in the life-science industry qualifies her to serve
on our board of directors. 

Murray
A. Goldberg, M.B.A. 

Mr.
Goldberg has served as a member of the Old Ayala Board of Directors since January 2023. Mr. Goldberg held various management positions at Regeneron
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from March 1995 to March 2015, including as Senior Vice President of Administration
and Assistant Secretary from October 2013 to March 2015, as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration
and Assistant Secretary from March 1995 to October 2013 and as Treasurer from March 1995 to October 2012. Mr. Goldberg previously served
on the boards of directors of Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from August 2013 to June 2020, where he also served
as the chairman of its audit committee, and Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. from July 2017 to June 2020. Mr. Goldberg received a
B.S. in Engineering from New York University, a Master s degree in International Economics from the London School of Economics
and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. We believe that Mr. Goldberg is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of
his broad financial, operational and transactional experience in the industry. 

Robert
Spiegel, M.D., F.A.C.P. 

Dr.
Spiegel has served as a member of the Old Ayala Board of Directors since January 2023. Since 2012, Dr. Spiegel has served as an Associate Professor
at the Weill Cornell Medical School. In addition, Dr. Spiegel has served as a Senior Advisor to Warburg Pincus, a private equity firm,
and an Advisor to the Israel Biotech Fund, a venture investment fund since 2010 and 2016, respectively. Prior to these positions, Dr.
Spiegel served as Chief Medical Officer of PTC Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from March 2011 to April 2016. Prior
to his time at PTC Therapeutics, Dr. Spiegel held various management positions at Schering-Plough Corporation, a global healthcare company,
including as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of the Schering-Plough Research Institute, the pharmaceutical research arm
of the Schering-Plough Corporation from 1998 to 2009. Dr. Spiegel is currently a member of the board of directors of Geron Corporation
and Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., biopharmaceutical company, since 2010 and 2018, respectively. Dr. Spiegel has previously served as
a member of the board of directors for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, Edge Therapeutics, Inc., a biotechnology
company, Avior Computing Corporation, a privately-held governance risk and compliance process technology company, Talon Therapeutics,
Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, Capstone Therapeutics Corp., a biotechnology company, the Cancer Institute of New Jersey and Cancer
Care New Jersey. Dr. Spiegel received a B.A. in 1971 from Yale University and an M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1975. Following
his residency in internal medicine, Dr. Spiegel completed a fellowship in medical oncology at the National Cancer Institute. We believe
that Dr. Spiegel s extensive medical and scientific knowledge as well as his experience in the life science industry qualifies
him to serve on our board of directors. 

72 

Igor
Gitelman 

Mr.
Gitelman has served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since May of 2022, VP of Finance since November 2020 and Chief
Accounting Officer since February 2021. Before joining the Company, Mr. Gitelman served as CFO Executive Financial Consultant for Accu
Reference Medical Labs, a clinical diagnostic laboratory. Before that, from February 2017 through November 2018, Mr. Gitelman served
as a chief accounting officer of Cancer Genetics, Inc., a drug discovery, preclinical oncology, and immuno-oncology services company.
Prior to that, Mr. Gitelman served as an Assistant to Vice President (AVP) of Finance and Tax at clinical diagnostic laboratory, BioReference
Laboratories, Inc., from October 2005 to October 2016. During this time at BioReference Laboratories, Inc., Mr. Gitelman held various
positions of increasing responsibility managing the company s internal audit function, SEC financial reporting, tax, and corporate
finance functions. 

Andres
Gutierrez, M.D., Ph.D. 

Dr.
Gutierrez has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer since April 2018. Prior to joining New Ayala, Dr. Gutierrez
served as Chief Medical Officer for Oncolytics Biotech, Inc. from November 2016 to April 2018. Prior to Oncolytics, Dr. Gutierrez was
Chief Medical Officer at SELLAS Life Sciences Group from November 2015 to September 2016 and was Medical Director, Early Development
Immuno-Oncology at BMS from October 2012 to November 2015, where he oversaw the development of translational and clinical development
of immuno-oncology programs in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Earlier, Dr. Gutierrez was Medical Director for several biotechnology
companies, including Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Proteolix and Oculus Innovative Sciences, leading key programs
with talazoparib and carfilzomib, among others. Prior to Oculus, he served as Director of the Gene Cell Therapy Unit at the National
Institutes of Health in Mexico City and as a consultant physician at the Hospital Angeles del Pedregal. 

Director
Independence 

Each
of our incumbent non-employee directors is independent in accordance with the definition set forth in the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC, though our common stock is not currently listed on that exchange. Each nominated member of each of our Board committees is an independent
director under the Nasdaq standards applicable to such committees. The Board considered the information included in transactions with
related parties as outlined below along with other information the Board considered relevant, when considering the independence of each
director. 

Board
Meetings and Committee Meetings; Attendance 

All
directors who served as directors at the time attended our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Directors are expected, but not required,
to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. Our Board holds meetings at least quarterly. Our Board held 20 meetings during fiscal year
2022. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is currently composed of three directors, all of whom satisfy the independence and other standards
for Audit Committee members under the Nasdaq rules and the Exchange Act rules. The Audit Committee is responsible for recommending the
engagement of auditors to the full Board, reviewing the results of the audit engagement with the independent registered public accounting
firm, identifying irregularities in the management of our business in consultation with our independent accountants, and suggesting an
appropriate course of action, reviewing the adequacy, scope, and results of the internal accounting controls and procedures, reviewing
the degree of independence of the auditors, as well as the nature and scope of our relationship with our independent registered public
accounting firm, and reviewing the auditors fees. For fiscal year 2022, the Audit Committee was composed of Messrs. Berman and
Appel and Dr. Patton, with Mr. Berman serving as the Audit Committee s financial expert as defined under Item 407 of Regulation
S-K. The Audit Committee held five meetings during the most recent fiscal year. 

Following
the Merger, the Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. Goldberg, Mr. Appel and Dr. Bisker-Leib. 

The
Audit Committee operates under a written Audit Committee Charter, which is available to stockholders on our website at https://www.ayalapharma.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview. 

73 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors as of October 31, 2022 consisted of Mr. Berman, and Drs. Khleif and Sidransky. The
Compensation Committee determines the salaries, bonuses, and incentive and equity compensation of our officers subject to applicable
employment agreements, provides recommendations for the salaries and incentive compensation of our other employees and consultants,
and reviews and oversees our compensation programs and policies generally. For executives other than the Chief Executive Officer,
the Compensation Committee receives and considers performance evaluations and compensation recommendations submitted to the
Committee by the Chief Executive Officer. In the case of the Chief Executive Officer, the evaluation of his performance is conducted
by the Compensation Committee, which determines any adjustments to his compensation as well as awards to be granted. The agenda for
meetings of the Compensation Committee is usually determined by its Chairman, with the assistance of the Company s Chief
Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee held one meeting and acted by unanimous written consent once during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Following
the Merger, the Compensation Committee is comprised of Mr. Appel, Dr. Bisker-Leib and Dr. Sidransky. 

The
Compensation Committee operates under a written Compensation Committee Charter, which is available to stockholders on our website at
https://www.ayalapharma.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors as of October 31, 2022 consisted of Mr. Berman, and Drs. Patton, Khleif and
Sidransky. The functions of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include identifying and recommending to the Board individuals
qualified to serve as members of the Board and on the committees of the Board, advising the Board with respect to matters of board composition,
procedures and committees, developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles applicable to us and overseeing
corporate governance matters generally including review of possible conflicts and transactions with persons affiliated with directors
or members of management, and overseeing the annual evaluation of the Board and our management. The Nominating and Governance Committees
held 1 meeting during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Following
the Merger, the Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised of Drs. Sidransky, Spiegel and Khleif. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, which is
available to stockholders on our website at https://www.ayalapharma.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview. 

Research
and Development Committee 

The
Research and Development Committee was established in August 2013 with the purpose of providing advice and guidance to the Board on scientific
and medical matters and development. The Research and Development Committee as of October 31, 2022 consisted of Drs. Sidransky, Khleif and Patton.
The functions of the Research and Development Committee include providing advice and guidance to the Board on scientific matters and
providing advice and guidance to the Board on medical matters. The Research and Development Committee held 1 meeting during the 2021
fiscal year. 

Following the Merger, the Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised
of Drs. Khleif, Sidransky and Spiegel. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our employees, senior management and Board of Directors, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at https://www.ayalapharma.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview. 

74 

Item
11: Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth the compensation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and our named executive
officers, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Award(s) 
 Option Award(s) (1) 
 All Other Compensation (2) 
 Total 

Kenneth Berlin 
 2022 
 643,427 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,341 
 703,768 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 569,670 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 55,728 
 625,398 

Igor Gitelman (3) 
 2022 
 299,985 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 42,224 
 342,209 
 
 Executive VP, Interim Chief Finance Officer 
 2021 
 259,135 
 - 
 - 
 15,777 
 38,733 
 313,645 

Andres Gutierrez 
 2022 
 494,944 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 38,683 
 533,627 
 
 Senior VP, Chief Medical Officer 
 2021 
 438,208 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 33,824 
 472,032 

(1) 
 Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions
 used in determining the grant date fair values of the stock options are set forth in Note 7 to the Company s financial statements. 

(2) 
 All
Other Compensation is more fully described in the table under All Other Compensation Supplemental below. 

(3) 
 Mr.
Gitelman began his employment with the Company as VP of Finance in November 2020 and as Chief Accounting Officer since February 2021,
and was named Interim Chief Financial Officer on May 1, 2022. 

All
Other Compensation Supplemental 

Fiscal 
 Health Insurance Premiums 
 Life and 
 AD D 
 Insurance 
 Matching Contributions to 401(k) Plan 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 

Kenneth Berlin 
 2022 
 35,179 
 536 
 24,026 
 600 
 60,341 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 32,526 
 696 
 21,906 
 600 
 55,728 

Igor Gitelman 
 2022 
 35,179 
 536 
 5,909 
 600 
 42,224 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer, VP of Finance 
 2021 
 29,442 
 665 
 8,049 
 577 
 38,733 

Andres Gutierrez 
 2022 
 35,179 
 536 
 2,368 
 600 
 38,683 
 
 Senior VP, Chief Medical Officer 
 2021 
 32,526 
 698 
 - 
 600 
 33,824 

Employment
Agreements with Named Executive Officers 

The
Company appointed Mr. Berlin as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective April 23, 2018. The Company and Mr. Berlin entered into
an employment agreement, effective April 23, 2018, which provides for an initial three-year term, after which it will be automatically
renewed for one-year periods, unless otherwise terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice. The employment
agreement provides that Mr. Berlin will receive a base salary of 696,115 per year, as adjusted for annual increases by the Compensation
Committee since entry of the agreement, and he is eligible for an annual bonus targeted at 55 of his base salary based on achievement
of performance goals in the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Berlin also received a one-time lump-sum bonus equal to 150,000
that was paid within fifteen (15) days following the effective date of the agreement. Mr. Berlin also received 625 stock options and
208 restricted stock units, which vest in equal instalments over the first three years of his employment. In May 2020, Mr. Berlin received
an additional 625 stock options. 

75 

The
Company appointed Mr. Gitelman as Chief Accounting Officer, effective February 11, 2021. Mr. Gitelman does not have an employment agreement
with the Company. In November 2020, Mr. Gitelman received 625 stock options. 

The
Company appointed Mr. Gutierrez as Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, effective April 23, 2018. The Company and Mr.
Gutierrez entered into an employment agreement, effective April 23, 2018, which provides for an initial three-year term, after which
it will be automatically renewed for one-year periods, unless otherwise terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written
notice. The employment agreement provides that Mr. Gutierrez will receive a base salary of 535,473 per year, as adjusted for annual
increases by the Compensation Committee since entry of the agreement, and eligible for an annual bonus based on achievement of performance
goals at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Gutierrez also received a one-time lump-sum bonus equal to 40,000 that was
paid within the first ninety (90) days following the effective date of the agreement. Mr. Gutierrez also received 208 stock options,
which vest annually on the first three anniversaries of his employment as an equity incentive award. In May 2020, Mr. Gutierrez received
an additional 625 stock options. 

In
the event Mr. Gutierrez employment is terminated without Just Cause, or if he voluntarily resigns with Good Reason, or if his employment
is terminated due to disability (all as defined in their respective employment agreements), and so long as he executes a confidential
separation and release agreement, in addition to the applicable base salary, plus any accrued but unused vacation time and unpaid expenses
that have been earned as of the date of such termination, he is entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) twelve months of base
salary payable in in equal monthly installments, (ii) a bonus payment for the year in which the employment is terminated equal to the
target bonus percentage, multiplied by the base salary in effect at the time of termination, (iii) continued health and welfare benefits
for 12 months, and (iv) full vesting of all stock options and stock awards (with extension of the exercise period for stock options by
two years). 

On
September 12, 2022, the Company and Mr. Berlin entered into Amendment No. 1 to his employment agreement to revise certain terms related
to if he was terminated without Just Cause or he terminated his employment for Good Reason. In the event Mr. Berlin s employment
is terminated without Just Cause during the period beginning three months prior to a Change in Control and ending after the CIC Protection
Period, or if Mr. Berlin voluntarily resigns with Good Reason, during the CIC Protection Period, and provided that Mr. Berlin continues
to comply with certain covenants set forth in his employment agreement, in addition to the applicable base salary and any earned but
unpaid bonus for the prior fiscal year, plus any accrued but unused vacation time and unpaid expenses that have been earned as of the
date of such termination, Mr. Berlin is entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) an amount equal to 2 times the sum of the applicable
base salary plus an amount equal to Mr. Berlin s target bonus, payable in a single lump sum within sixty (60) days of the termination,
(ii) a bonus payment for the year in which the employment is terminated equal to the target bonus percentage, multiplied by the base
salary in effect at the time of termination, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days Mr. Berlin
was employed during such year and the denominator is 365, (iii) continued health and welfare benefits for 24 months, and (iv) full vesting
and exercisability of all stock options and stock awards. Amendment No. 1 further provides, that in the event Mr. Berlin s employment
were terminated without Just Cause, or he terminated his employment for Good Reason, other than during the CIC Protection Period, he
would receive equal monthly installments of 1.25 times his applicable Base Salary (increased from 1.0 times), and that he would receive
this amount for 15 months rather than 12. In addition, the number of months for which he would receive continued health and welfare benefits
in this circumstance is increased from 12 months to 15 months. Mr. Berlin is also entitled to a bonus payment for the year in which his
employment is terminated equal to the target bonus percentage, multiplied by the base salary in effect at the time of termination. 

The
named executive officer employment agreements contain customary covenants regarding non-solicitation, non-compete, confidentiality and
works for hire. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

Termination
of Employment 

As
described above under Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers, the Company has entered into employment agreements
with two of the named executive officers that provide for certain severance payments and benefits in the event the named executive officer s
employment with the Company is terminated under certain circumstances. 

76 

In
addition, upon a Change in Control of the Company, unvested equity awards held by two of the executive officers will be accelerated as
follows: (i) outstanding stock options and other awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become fully vested and exercisable,
(ii) time-based restrictions on restricted stock, restricted stock units and other equity awards shall lapse and the awards shall become
fully vested, and (iii) performance-based equity awards, if any, shall become vested and shall be deemed earned based on an assumed achievement
of all relevant performance goals at target levels, and shall payout pro rata to reflect the portion of the performance
period that had elapsed prior to the Change in Control. 

The
table below shows the estimated value of benefits to each of the named executive officers if their employment had been terminated under
various circumstances as of October 31, 2022. The amounts shown in the table exclude accrued but unpaid base salary, unreimbursed employment-related
expenses, accrued but unpaid vacation pay, and the value of equity awards that were vested by their terms as of October 31, 2022. 

Involuntary Termination without a Change in Control ) 
 Involuntary Termination in connection with a Change in Control ) 
 Death ) 
 Disability ) 
 Termination 
for Cause; Voluntary Resignation ) 

Kenneth Berlin 

Cash severance 
 870,144 (1) 
 2,157,996 (5) 
 - 
 870,144 (1) 
 - 
 
 Bonus 
 382,863 (7) 
 382,863 (2) 
 382,863 (2) 
 382,863 (7) 
 - 
 
 Health benefits 
 45,813 (3) 
 73,701 (6) 
 - 
 45,813 (3) 
 - 
 
 Value of equity Acceleration 
 - (4) 
 - (4) 
 - (4) 
 - (4) 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,298,820 
 2,614,120 
 382,863 
 1,298,820 
 - 

Andres Gutierrez 

Cash severance 
 535,473 (1) 
 535,473 (5) 
 - 
 535,473 (1) 
 - 
 
 Bonus 
 214,189 (7) 
 214,189 (2) 
 214,189 (7) 
 214,189 (7) 
 - 
 
 Health benefits 
 36,651 (3) 
 36,651 (6) 
 - 
 36,651 (3) 
 - 
 
 Value of equity Acceleration 
 - (4) 
 - (4) 
 - (4) 
 (4) 
 - 
 
 Total 
 786,313 
 786,313 
 214,189 
 786,313 
 - 

Igor Gitelman 

Cash severance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bonus 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Health benefits 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Value of equity Acceleration 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 For
 Mr. Berlin, reflects severance payment equal to 1.25 times base salary payable in equal monthly instalments for 15 months. For Mr.
 Gutierrez, reflects severance payment equal to one times base salary payable in equal monthly instalments for 12 months. 

(2) 
 Reflects
 pro rata bonus determined by multiplying the target bonus amount for the year in which the termination occurs by a fraction, the
 numerator of which is the number of calendar days the executive is employed during such year and the denominator of which is 365.
 Because the amounts reflected in the table assume the named executive officer s employment was terminated on October 31, 2022
 (the last day of the 2022 fiscal year), the amounts reflected are not pro-rated. 

(3) 
 For
 Mr. Berlin, reflects the Company s cost of continued health coverage at active employee rates for 15 months. For Mr. Gutierrez,
 reflects the Company s cost of continued health coverage at active employee rates for 12 months. 

(4) 
 Reflects
 the value of unvested in-the-money stock options that vest upon the designated event. 

(5) 
 For
 Mr. Berlin, reflects two times the sum of his base salary and target bonus, payable in equal monthly installments for 24 months.
 For Mr. Gutierrez, equals one times base salary, payable in equal monthly installments for 12 months. 

(6) 
 Reflects
 the full cost of continued health coverage for 24 months for Mr. Berlin and 12 months for Mr. Gutierrez. 

(7) 
 Represents
 a bonus payment equal to the executive s target bonus. 

77 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table summarizes all outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers at fiscal year-end. The market or payout
value of unearned shares, units or rights that have not vested equals 1.86, which was the closing price of New Ayala s common shares
on Nasdaq on October 31, 2022 and for performance based restricted stock units presumes that the target performance goals are met. 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Value of Shares or Units of 
Stock That Have 
Not Vested ) 
 
 Kenneth Berlin 
 625 
 - (1) 
 1,944.00 
 4/23/2028 
 - 
 - 

267 
 - (2) 
 648.00 
 11/5/2028 
 - 
 - 

625 
 - (3) 
 24.80 
 10/24/2029 
 - 
 - 

417 
 208 (4) 
 52.80 
 5/4/2030 
 - 
 - 

Igor Gitelman 
 209 
 416 (6) 
 31.20 
 11/16/2030 
 - 
 - 

Andres Gutierrez 
 208 
 - (5) 
 1,944.00 
 4/23/2028 
 - 
 - 

104 
 - (2) 
 648.00 
 11/05/2028 
 - 
 - 

313 
 - (3) 
 24.80 
 10/24/2029 
 - 
 - 

417 
 208 (4) 
 52.80 
 5/4/2030 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Of
 these options, one-third vested on December 31, 2018, one-third vested on April 23, 2020, and the award was fully vested on April
 23, 2021. 

(2) 
 Of
 these options, one-third vested on November 5, 2019, one-third vested on November 5, 2020, and the award was fully vested on
 November 5, 2021. 

(3) 
 Of
 these options, one-third vested on October 24, 2020, one-third vested on October 24, 2021, and the award was fully vested on October
 24, 2022. 

(4) 
 Of
 these options, one-third vested on May 4, 2021, one-third will vest on May 4, 2022, and the award will be fully vested on May 4,
 2023. 

(5) 
 Of
 these options, one-third vested on April 23, 2019, one-third vested on April 23, 2020, and the award was fully vested on April 23,
 2021. 

(6) 
 Of
 these options, one-third vested on November 16, 2021, one-third was vested on November 16, 2022, and the award will be fully vested
 on November 16, 2023. 

78 

The
table below summarizes the compensation that was earned by our non-employee directors for fiscal year 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned 
or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Option Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dr. David Sidransky 
 105,000 
 - 
 105,000 
 
 Dr. James Patton 
 87,500 
 - 
 87,500 
 
 Roni A. Appel 
 62,500 
 - 
 62,500 
 
 Richard J. Berman 
 72,500 
 - 
 72,500 
 
 Dr. Samir N. Khleif 
 67,500 
 - 
 67,500 

(1) 
 Represents
 the annual retainers paid in cash for director services in fiscal year 2022. 

(2) 
 Reflects
 the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in determining
 the grant date fair values of the stock options are set forth in Note 7 to the Company s financial statements. 

Item
12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (a) each person who is known to us to
be the owner of more than five percent (5 of our common stock, (b) each of our directors, (c) each of the named executive officers,
and (d) all directors and executive officers and executive employees as a group. For purposes of the table, a person or group of persons
is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 31, 2022. The
percentage of ownership is based on 1,815,951 shares outstanding as of October 31, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated by footnote, the
address for each of the beneficial owners set forth in the table below is c/o Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 9 Deer Park Drive, Suite K-1, Monmouth Junction,
NJ 08852. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Total # of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Ownership 
 
 Kenneth Berlin (1) 
 2,205 

Igor Gitelman (2) 
 417 

David Sidransky (3) 
 461 

Roni Appel (4) 
 508 

Richard Berman (5) 
 399 

Samir Khleif (6) 
 448 

James Patton (7) 
 598 

Andres Gutierrez (8) 
 1,089 

All Current Directors and Officers as a Group (8 People) (9) 
 6,125 

79 

Constitutes
 less than 1 of our outstanding Common Stock. 

(1) Represents
 271 issued shares of our Common Stock, and options to purchase 1,934 shares of our Common
 Stock exercisable within 60 days. 

(2) Represents
 options to purchase 417 shares of our Common Stock exercisable within 60 days. 

(3) Represents
 93 issued shares of our Common Stock and options to purchase 368 shares of our Common Stock
 exercisable within 60 days. 

(4) Represents
 133 issued shares of our Common Stock, options to purchase 351 shares of our Common Stock
 exercisable within 60 days and warrants to purchase 24 shares of our Common Stock exercisable
 within 60 days. 

(5) Represents
 47 issued shares of our Common Stock and options to purchase 352 shares of our Common Stock
 exercisable within 60 days. 

(6) Represents
 59 issued shares of our Common Stock and options to purchase 389 shares of our Common Stock
 exercisable within 60 days. 

(7) Represents
 241 issued shares of our Common Stock and options to purchase 357 shares of our Common Stock
 exercisable within 60 days. 

(8) Represents
 47 issued shares of our Common Stock and options to purchase 1,042 shares of our Common Stock
 exercisable within 60 days. 

(9) Represents
 891 issued shares of our Common Stock and options to purchase 5,210 shares of our Common
 Stock exercisable within 60 days and warrants to purchase 24 shares of our Common Stock exercisable
 within 60 days. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table includes information related to shares available and outstanding awards under our equity incentive plans as of October
31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be 
 issued upon Exercise of outstanding Options, Warrants 
 and 
Rights (#) 
 Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding 
Options, Warrants 
and Rights ) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future 
Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (#) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans approved by security holders 
 11,118 
 1,412.82 
 66,191 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL: 
 11,118 
 1,412.82 
 66,191 

80 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
members of the Compensation Committee during the 2022 fiscal year were Mr. Berman, and Drs. Khleif and Sidransky. During the 2022 fiscal
year, no member of our Compensation Committee was an officer, former officer or employee of the Company or had any direct or indirect
material interest in a transaction with us or in a business relationship with the Company that would require disclosure under the applicable
rules of the SEC. In addition, no interlocking relationship existed between any member of our Compensation Committee, any member of our
Board, or one of our executive officers, and any member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company. 

Compensation
Committee Report 

Our
Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on this review and
discussion, our Compensation Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
 Compensation Committee 

Dr.
 David Sidransky Chair 

Dr.
 Samir Khleif 

Richard
 Berman 

Item
13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Our
policy is to enter into transactions with related parties on terms that, on the whole, are no more favorable, or no less favorable, than
those available from unaffiliated third parties. Based on our experience in the business sectors in which we operate and the terms of
our transactions with unaffiliated third parties, we believe that all transactions that we enter will meet this policy standard at the
time they occur. Presently, we have no such related party transactions. 

Director
Independence 

In
accordance with the disclosure requirements of the SEC, we have adopted the Nasdaq listing standards for independence. Each of our non-employee
directors is independent in accordance with the definition set forth in the Nasdaq rules. Each nominated member of each of our Board
committees is an independent director under the Nasdaq standards applicable to such committees. The Board considered the information
included in transactions with related parties as outlined below along with other information the Board considered relevant, when considering
the independence of each director. 

Item
14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

In
December 2012, we engaged Marcum, LLP Marcum as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial
statements. Beginning with the fiscal year ended October 31, 2012, Marcum has audited our financial statements. The following table presents
fees for professional services rendered by Marcum for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 232,879 
 153,770 
 
 Tax Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (3) 
 69,010 
 103,766 
 
 Total 
 301,889 
 257,536 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees consisted primarily of annual audit fees and reviews of the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

(2) 
 Tax
 Fees consisted primarily of services related to tax compliance, including the preparation, review and filing of tax returns. 

(3) 
 All
 Other Fees consisted primarily of services related to the review of securities registration documents and other non-audit reviews. 

81 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

The
Audit Committee will pre-approve all auditing services and the terms thereof (which may include providing comfort letters in connection
with securities underwriting) and non-audit services (other than non-audit services prohibited under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act
or the applicable rules of the SEC or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board) to be provided to us by the independent auditor;
provided, however, the pre-approval requirement is waived with respect to the provisions of non-audit services for us if the de
minimis provisions of Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act are satisfied. This authority to pre-approve non-audit services
may be delegated to one or more members of the Audit Committee, who shall present all decisions to pre-approve an activity to the full
Audit Committee at its first meeting following such decision. The Audit Committee may review and approve the scope and staffing of the
independent auditors annual audit plan. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules. 

(a)
 
 1.
 Financial Statements. 

For
a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

2.
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

No
financial statement schedules have been submitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required
is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3.
 List of Exhibits. 

See
the Exhibit Index in Item 15(b) below. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, by and among the Company, Merger Sub, and Ayala, dated as of October 18, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022. 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated as of [ January 27 ] , 2023. 

82 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Advaxis, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021. 

3.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Advaxis, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2018 between Advaxis, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (and Form of Warrant contained therein), Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 11, 2018. 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Warrant dated July 25, 2019 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019. 

4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant dated November 27, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 27, 2020. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021. 

4.5 
 
 Form of Accompanying Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021. 

4.6 
 
 Form of Private Placement Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021. 

83 

4.7 
 
 Description of each class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1 
 
 License Agreement, between the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania and the registrant dated as of June 17, 2002, as Amended and Restated on February 13, 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed with the SEC on February 13, 2007. 

10.2 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Patent License Agreement between the registrant and the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania dated as of May 10, 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 3, 2010. 

10.3 
 
 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan of registrant. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to DEF 14A Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on August 29, 2011. 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 26, 2007, to the License Agreement, between the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania and Advaxis, Inc. dated as of June 17, 2002, as amended and restated on February 13, 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 14, 2012. 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 3, dated as of December 12, 2011, to the License Agreement, between the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania and Advaxis, Inc. dated as of June 17, 2002, as amended and restated on February 13, 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 14, 2012. 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan of registrant. Incorporated by reference to Annex B to DEF 14A Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on July 19, 2012. 

10.7 
 
 Indemnification Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 20, 2013. 

10.8 
 
 Exclusive License and Technology Transfer Agreement by and between Advaxis, Inc. and Global BioPharma, Inc., dated December 9, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014. 

10.9 
 
 Distribution and Supply Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2014, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and Biocon, Limited. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2014. 

10.10 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated March 19, 2014, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and Aratana Therapeutics, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 10, 2014. 

10.11 
 
 Clinical Trial Collaboration Agreement, dated July 21, 2014, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and MedImmune, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 9, 2014. 

10.12 
 
 5 th Amendment to the Amended Restated License Agreement, dated July 25, 2014, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and University of Pennsylvania. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 9, 2014. 

84 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Advaxis, Inc. 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective July 9, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to Current Report on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on May 20, 2014. 

10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, dated September 8, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 9, 2014. 

10.15 
 
 Master Services Agreement for Technical Transfer and Clinical Supply, dated February 5, 2014, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and SynCo Bio Partners B.V. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2014. 

10.16 
 
 Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement by and between Advaxis, Inc. and Merck Co. dated August 22, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.101 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2015 

10.17 
 
 Co-Development and Commercialization Agreement between Advaxis, Inc. and Especificos Stendhal SA de CV dated February 3, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016. 

10.18 
 
 2015 Incentive Plan of registrant. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to DEF 14A Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 7, 2015. 

10.19 
 
 Amendment to the Advaxis, Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to DEF 14A Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on February 11, 2016. 

10.20 
 
 Amendment to the Advaxis, Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to DEF 14A Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on February 10, 2017. 

10.21 
 
 Amendment to the Advaxis, Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to DEF 14A Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020. 

10.22 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated May 8, 2020, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020) 

10.23 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2020, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2020) 

10.24 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated March 25, 2021, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and Princeton Corporate Plaza, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021. 

10.25 
 
 Lease Termination and Surrender Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, by and between Advaxis, Inc. and 300 CR LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021 

10.26 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 12, 2021, by and among Advaxis, Inc. and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021. 

10.27 
 
 Form of Investor Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021. 

85 

10.28 
 
 Amendment
 to the Advaxis, Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan, dated as of February 11, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021. 

10.29 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Advaxis, Inc. and Kenneth A. Berlin, dated April 23, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 23, 2018. 

10.30 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Advaxis, Inc. and Andres Gutierrez, M.D., dated April 23, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021. 

10.31 
 
 Amended
 2017 Stock Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 of the Old Ayala, Inc. (f/k/a
 Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022 (File No. 333-236942). 

10.32 
 
 Lease
 Agreement, dated January 24, 2019, between Ayala-Oncology Israel Ltd. and Ogen Real Estate Maniv Ltd. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.08 of the Old Ayala, Inc. (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28,
 2022 (333-236942). 

10.33 
 
 License
 Agreement, dated November 29, 2017, between the Registrant and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, as amended. Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.01 of the Old Ayala, Inc. (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March
 28, 2022 (File No. 333-236942). 

10.34 
 
 Evaluation,
 Option and License Agreement, dated December 19, 2018, between the Registrant and Novartis International Pharmaceutical Limited.
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.09 of the Old Ayala, Inc. (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022 (File No. 333-236942). 

10.35 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and among Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Investors named therein. Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Old Ayala, Inc. (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
 SEC on March 28, 2022 (File No. 001-39279). 

10.36 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the employment agreement between Advaxis, Inc. and Kenneth A. Berlin, dated September 12, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics dated July 9, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on July 10, 2014. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Definitive Proxy Statement of Old Ayala (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.). Incorporated by reference to the description of the business of Old Ayala set forth in pages 233-273 of the Definitive Proxy Statement of Old Ayala for the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Old Ayala held on January 13, 2023, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022 (File No. 001-39279). 

99.2 
 
 Definitive Proxy Statement of Old Ayala (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.). Incorporated by reference to description of the risk factors relating to Old Ayala set forth in pages 64-131 of the Old Ayala Merger Proxy, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022 (File No. 001-39279). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Denotes
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

86 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Princeton, Mercer County, State of New Jersey, on this 9 th day of February
2023. 

AYALA PHARMACEUTICALS,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Kenneth Berlin 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Igor Gitelman 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kenneth Berlin (with full power
to act alone), as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agents, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in
his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the
same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto
said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be
done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Title 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Kenneth Berlin 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Berlin 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Igor Gitelman 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Igor
 Gitelman 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 David Sidransky 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 David
 Sidransky 

/s/
 Vered Bisker-Leib 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Vered Bisker-Leib 

/s/
 Murray A. Goldberg 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Murray A. Goldberg 

/s/ Robert Spiegel 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Robert Spiegel 

/s/
 Samir Khleif 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Samir
 Khleif 

/s/
 Roni Appel 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Roni
 Appel 

87 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

INDEX 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Ayala
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly known as Advaxis, Inc.) 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly known as Advaxis, Inc.) (the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended October 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October
31 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended October 31 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 1, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and
sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

Marcum
 llp 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

February 9, 2023 

F- 2 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(formerly known
as Advaxis, Inc.) 
 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

October
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation) 

Intangible
 assets (net of accumulated amortization) 

Operating
 right-of-use asset (net of accumulated amortization) 

Other
 assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Current
 portion of operating lease liability 

Common
 stock warrant liability 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

Total
 liabilities 

Contingencies Note
 8 
 - 
 - 

Series D convertible preferred
 stock- par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021. 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred
 stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock - par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2022
 and 2021. 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements. 

F- 3 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(formerly known
as Advaxis, Inc.) 
 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Intangible asset impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Net changes in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Other expense 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Accretion of discount and redemption feature of convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Income available to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements. 

F- 4 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(formerly known
as Advaxis, Inc.) 
 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at October 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 option exercises 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of shares to employees under ESPP Plan 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant
 exercises 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Public offerings, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net
 Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at October 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 value 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion
 of discount and redemption feature of convertible preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Convertible
 preferred stock redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fractional
 shares cashed out 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at October 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 value 
 - 
 - 

) 

The
accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements. 

F- 5 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(formerly known
as Advaxis, Inc.) 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share based compensation 

Gain on change in value of warrants 

Gain on change in value of preferred stock redemption liability 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Abandonment of intangible assets 

Impairment charges on intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense of intangible assets 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Net gain on write-off of right-of-use asset and lease liability 
 - 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses, other current assets and deferred expenses 

Other assets 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 

Cost of intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net proceeds of issuance of Series D preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds of issuance of common stock and warrants 
 - 

Fractional shares cashed out 
 
 - 
 
 Redemption of Series D preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant exercises 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

The
accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements. 

F- 6 

Supplemental
Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Year Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental Disclosures of
 Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental
Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 

Year Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental Schedule of Noncash
 Investing and Financing Activities 

Reclassification of preferred stock redemption liability into equity upon redemption of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Accretion of discount and redemption feature of convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Reassessment of the lease term 
 - 

The
accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements. 

F- 7 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(formerly known
as Advaxis, Inc.) 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the outstanding shares of the combined company and former Old Ayala shareholders own approximately 
of the outstanding shares of the combined company. The Merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition pursuant to ASC
805-40. 

At
the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), each share of share capital of Ayala issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New Ayala common stock, par value 
per share, equal to the exchange ratio, shares of New Ayala common stock per Old Ayala share. 

On
January 13, 2023, the Ayala stockholders approved the Merger Agreement and the Merger closed on January 19, 2023. See Note 16. 

Going
Concerns, Liquidity, and Management s Plans 

Similar
to other development stage biotechnology companies, the Company s products that are being developed have not generated significant
revenue. As a result, the Company has suffered recurring losses and requires significant cash resources to execute its business plans.
These losses are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date of filing. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the
financial statements are issued. 

As of
October 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in cash and cash equivalents. The Company does not believe it has sufficient
capital to fund its obligations after the closing of the Merger, as they become due, in the ordinary course of business until at least
one year from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements but will need to raise additional funds. 

The
Company recognizes it will need to raise additional capital in order to continue to execute its business plan in the future. There is
no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that management will be able to obtain financing on terms acceptable
to the Company or whether the Company will become profitable and generate positive operating cash flow. If the Company is unable to raise
sufficient additional funds, it will have to further scale back its operations. 

The
Company enters into licensing agreements that are within the scope of ASC 606, under which it may exclusively license rights to research,
develop, manufacture and commercialize its product candidates to third parties. The terms of these arrangements typically include payment
to the Company of one or more of the following: non-refundable, upfront license fees; reimbursement of certain costs; customer option
exercise fees; development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments; and royalties on net sales of licensed products. 

In
determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under its agreements, the Company performs
the following steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised
goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of
the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. As part of the accounting
for these arrangements, the Company must use significant judgment to determine: (a) the number of performance obligations based on the
determination under step (ii) above; (b) the transaction price under step (iii) above; and (c) the stand-alone selling price for each
performance obligation identified in the contract for the allocation of transaction price in step (iv) above. The Company uses judgment
to determine whether milestones or other variable consideration, except for royalties, should be included in the transaction price as
described further below. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis,
for which the Company recognizes revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. 

Amounts
received prior to revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months
following the balance sheet date are classified as current portion of deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue,
net of current portion. 

Exclusive
Licenses. If the license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations
identified in the arrangement, the Company recognizes revenue from non-refundable, upfront fees allocated to the license when the license
is transferred to the customer and the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. In assessing whether a performance obligation
is distinct from the other performance obligations, the Company considers factors such as the research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization capabilities of the collaboration partner and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace.
In addition, the Company considers whether the collaboration partner can benefit from a performance obligation for its intended purpose
without the receipt of the remaining performance obligation, whether the value of the performance obligation is dependent on the unsatisfied
performance obligation, whether there are other vendors that could provide the remaining performance obligation, and whether it is separately
identifiable from the remaining performance obligation. For licenses that are combined with other performance obligation, the Company
utilizes judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation
is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
revenue. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and
related revenue recognition. The measure of progress, and thereby periods over which revenue should be recognized, are subject to estimates
by management and may change over the course of the research and development and licensing agreement. Such a change could have a material
impact on the amount of revenue the Company records in future periods. 

Milestone
Payments. At the inception of each arrangement that includes research or development milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether
the milestones are considered probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most
likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included
in the transaction price. An output method is generally used to measure progress toward complete satisfaction of a milestone. Milestone
payments that are not within the control of the Company or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of
being achieved until those approvals are received. The Company evaluates factors such as the scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial,
and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone in making this assessment. There is considerable judgment involved
in determining whether it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur. At the end of each subsequent reporting period,
the Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of all milestones subject to constraint and, if necessary, adjusts its estimate
of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenue and earnings
in the period of adjustment. 

million and million, respectively. 

into an escrow fund to fund a potential Series D preferred stock redemption. On
April 6, 2022, the Series D convertible preferred stock was redeemed utilizing the entire amount held in the escrow fund. 

million
is subject to credit risk at October 31, 2022. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

. 

When
depreciable assets are retired or sold the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting
gain or loss is recognized in operations. 

years. Patent application costs are written-off if
the application is rejected, withdrawn or abandoned. 

Stock options 

Total 

corporate
alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on adjusted financial statement income of corporations with profits over billion, which is effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and a surcharge on corporate stock buybacks of public US companies, which applies
to repurchases of stock after December 31, 2022. The tax provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act do not have a material impact on the
Company s financial statements. 

, without reducing the authorized number of shares of the common stock, at the
discretion of the Board of Directors. On June 3, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a reverse stock split, which became effective
on June 6, 2022. All references in this Report to number of shares, price per share and weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding prior to this reverse stock split have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split on a retroactive basis, unless otherwise
noted. 

Computer equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net property and equipment 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. During the year ended October
31, 2022, the Company incurred a gain on disposal of equipment of approximately , all of which is reflected in the research and
development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. During the year ended October 31, 2021, the Company incurred a loss
on disposal of equipment of approximately , of which is reflected in the research and development expenses and 
of which is reflected in the general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

License 

Software 
 - 

Total intangibles 

Accumulated amortization 
 - 

Net intangible assets 

The
expiration dates of the existing patents range from 2022 to 2039 but the expiration dates can be extended based on market approval if
granted and/or based on existing laws and regulations. Capitalized costs associated with patent applications that are abandoned without
future value are charged to expense when the determination is made not to further pursue the application. Patent applications having
a net book value of approximately and were abandoned and were charged to general and administrative expenses in the
consolidated statement of operations for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for intangible
assets that was charged to general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations aggregated approximately 
and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Management
reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not
be recoverable. Net assets are recorded on the balance sheet for patents related to ADXS-HER2 and the Lm technology licensed from
the University of Pennsylvania. There are various scenarios under which an impairment charge may be recorded, which include if a competitor
were to gain FDA approval for a similar treatment before the Company, if future clinical trials fail to meet the targeted endpoints,
or if a drug application is rejected or fails to be issued. Lastly, if the Company is unable to raise enough capital to continue funding
its studies and developing its intellectual property, the Company would likely record an impairment to these assets. 

During
the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company identified the following indicators of impairment under ASC 360 indicating that the patents
and license carrying amounts might not be recoverable: 

Adverse
 changes in the business climate for biotechnology companies, particularly raising capital; and 

A
 significant reduction in the Company s market capitalization during the year ended October 31, 2022. 

The
Company performed an impairment test under ASC 350 on its patents owned and in-licensed intellectual property. Under this test a fair
value of the relevant asset is compared with the carrying amount of such asset. Fair value is calculated using a discounted cash flow
analysis. Cash flows are discounted using a weighted average cost of capital derived from comparable companies, which reflects the costs
of borrowing as well as the associated risk. The results of the impairment test indicated that the carrying value of the patents owned
and in-licensed intellectual property exceeded the fair value. During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment
charge for patents owned and in-licensed intellectual property of approximately in its consolidated statement of operations. 

2024 

Total 

Vendors 

Professional fees 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

. On March 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Lease Termination and Surrender Agreement with respect to this
lease agreement. The Lease Termination and Surrender Agreement provides for the early termination of the lease, which became effective
on March 31, 2021. In connection with the early termination of the lease, the Company was required to pay a termination payment.
The unapplied security deposit totaling approximately was credited against the termination fee for a net payment of approximately
 . The Company wrote off of the remaining right-of-use asset of approximately and lease liability of approximately
 . After consideration of the termination payment and write off the remaining right-of-use asset and lease liability, the Company
recorded a net gain of approximately . 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company entered into a new one-year lease agreement for its corporate office/lab with base rent of approximately
 per year, plus other expenses. This lease was accounted for as a short-term lease at inception, and the Company elected not to
recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability. In September 2021, the Company exercised its option to renew the lease, extending
the lease term until . Since the renewed lease term exceeded one-year, the lease no longer qualified for the short-term
lease exception, resulting in the recognition of a right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of approximately . 

Operating lease liability 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Short-term lease cost 
 General and administrative 
 - 

Variable lease cost 
 General and administrative 

Total lease expense 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total 

shares of our common stock with exercise
prices ranging from to per share. Information on the outstanding warrants is as follows: 

Grand Total 

As
of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
 of its total 
 outstanding warrants classified as equity (equity
warrants). At issuance, equity warrants are recorded in Additional Paid-In Capital in the shareholders equity section of the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Outstanding and exercisable warrants at October 31, 2021 

Outstanding and exercisable warrants at October 31, 2022 

- 

Shares
Issued for Warrants Exercises 

During
the year ended October 31 , 2021, warrant holders from the Company s November 2020
offering exercised warrants in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock and warrant holders from the Company s
April 2021 Offering exercised pre-funded warrants in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant
to these warrant exercises, the Company received aggregate proceeds of approximately million which were payable upon exercise. 

Warrant
Liability 

As
of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had of its total outstanding warrants from April 2021 Private Placement Offering
and September 2018 Public Offering classified as liabilities (liability warrants). 

The
warrants issued in the April 2021 Private Placement will become exercisable only on such day, if ever, that is 14 days after the Company
files an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares
of common stock, par value per share from shares to shares. These warrants expire five years after the
date they become exercisable. As of October 31, 2022, the Company did not have sufficient authorized common stock to allow for the issuance
of common stock underlying these warrants. The Company did not receive stockholder authorization to increase the authorized shares from
 to shares at the stockholder s meeting commenced on June 3, 2021. The Company was subsequently required
to file a proxy to seek an increase in the number of authorized shares and did not file such a proxy but rather elected to seek a reverse
stock split to, among other things, increase the shares available. Accordingly, based on certain indemnification provisions of the securities
purchase agreement, the Company concluded that liability classification is warranted. The Company utilized the Black Scholes model to
calculate the fair value of these warrants at issuance and at each subsequent reporting date. 

Stock Price 

Expected Term 
 .00 years 
 .00 years 
 
 Volatility 

Risk Free Rate 

The
September 2018 Public Offering warrants contain a down round feature, except for exempt issuances as defined in the warrant agreement,
in which the exercise price would immediately be reduced to match a dilutive issuance of common stock, options, convertible securities
and changes in option price or rate of conversion. As of October 31, 2022, the down round feature was triggered four times and the exercise
price of the warrants were reduced from to . The warrants require liability classification as the warrant agreement requires
the Company to maintain an effective registration statement and does not specify any circumstances under which settlement in other than
cash would be permitted or required. As a result, net cash settlement is assumed and liability classification is warranted. For these
liability warrants, the Company utilized the Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the fair value of these warrants at issuance and
at each subsequent reporting date. 

Stock Price 

Expected Term 
 
years 
 years 
 
 Volatility 

Risk Free Rate 

At
October 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the warrant liability was approximately and , respectively. For the years
ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reported income of approximately and , respectively, due to changes in
the fair value of the warrant liability. 

In
addition, the Company received certain additional demands from stockholders asserting that the proxy materials filed by the Company in
connection with the Previously Proposed Merger contained alleged material misstatements and/or omissions. Certain stockholders also demanded
books and records of the Company pursuant to Delaware law. In response to these demands, the Company agreed to make, and did make, certain
supplemental disclosures to the proxy materials. The stockholders have made settlement demands. On July 18, 2022, the Company and the
plaintiffs consummated settlement agreements, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Purported
Stockholder Claims Related to Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Offering 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company received a letter on behalf of purported stockholders of the Company, demanding certain books and records
pursuant to Delaware law regarding the proposed issuance of super voting preferred stock. The Company agreed to provide certain books
and records to the stockholders and agreed to make, and did make, a supplemental disclosure to the proxy materials. The stockholders
have made settlement demands. On July 18, 2022, the Company and the plaintiffs consummated settlement agreements, which is recorded in general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Purported
Stockholder Claims Related to Merger with Old Ayala 

On
December 15, 2022, a purported stockholder of Old Ayala filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New
York against Old Ayala and the members of its Board, captioned Stephen Bushansky v. Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Case No.1:22-cv-10621
(S.D.N.Y.) (the Complaint ). 

The
Complaint asserts claims against all defendants under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder for omitting or misrepresenting material information from Old Ayala s Proxy Statement
and against the individual defendants under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act for alleged control person liability with
respect to such alleged omissions and misrepresentations. The allegations in the Complaint include that the Proxy Statement omitted material
information regarding Old Ayala s financial projections and the financial analyses of Old Ayala s financial advisor for the
Merger. The Complaint seeks, among other relief, (1) to enjoin defendants from consummating the Merger; (2) to enjoin a vote on the Merger;
(3) to rescind the Merger Agreement or recover damages, if the Merger is completed; (4) a declaration that defendants violated Sections
14(a) or 20(a) and Rule 14a-9 of the Exchange Act; and (5) attorneys fees and costs. 

In
addition, approximately nine purported stockholders of Old Ayala sent letters to those noted in the above-referenced Complaint alleging
similar deficiencies in Old Ayala s Proxy Statement (collectively, the Demand Letters ). 

At this time, the Company is unable to
predict the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to the Complaint and the Demand Letters. 

shares
of Series D convertible redeemable preferred stock (the Series D Preferred Stock ). The shares, which have since been redeemed
in accordance with their terms as described below, and are thus no longer outstanding as of July 31, 2022, had an aggregate stated value
of . Each share of the Series D preferred stock had a purchase price of , representing an original issue discount of 
 of the stated value. The shares of Series D Preferred Stock were convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, upon the
occurrence of certain events, at a conversion price of per share. The conversion, at the option of the stockholder, could occur
at any time following the receipt of the stockholders approval for a reverse stock split. The Company was permitted to compel
conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock after the fulfillment of certain conditions and subject to certain limitations. The Series
D Preferred Stock also had a liquidation preference over the shares of common stock, and could be redeemed by the investors, in accordance
with certain terms, for a redemption price equal to of the stated value, or in certain circumstances, of the stated value.
Total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the financial advisor s fees and other estimated offering expenses, were
approximately million. 

Since
the Series D preferred stock had a redemption feature at the option of the holder, it was classified as temporary equity. At the January
31, 2022 issuance date, the Series D preferred stock was recorded on the balance sheet at approximately , which is the 
net proceeds less the value of the bifurcated preferred stock redemption liability (see below). 

On
April 6, 2022, the holders of all outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock exercised their right to cause the Company
to redeem all of such shares at a price per share equal to of the stated value per share of , and such shares were redeemed
accordingly. The accretion of the Series D convertible preferred stock to its redemption value was recorded as a reduction
in additional paid-in capital. 

Preferred
Stock Redemption Liability 

The
Company evaluated the preferred stock redemption feature under ASC 815. Since the preferred stock redemption feature is not considered
to be clearly and closely related to the preferred stock host and the redemption feature meets the four characteristics of a derivative
under ASC 815, the preferred stock redemption feature is required to be bifurcated from the preferred stock host and valued as a liability.
The Company utilized a binomial model to calculate the fair value of the preferred stock redemption feature at issuance. 

Stock Price 

Volatility 

Risk Free Rate 

At
April 6, 2022 and January 31, 2022, the fair value of the preferred stock redemption liability was approximately and ,
respectively. On April 6, 2022, the Series D convertible preferred stock was redeemed, and the preferred stock redemption liability
was reclassified into other paid-in capital. For the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company reported income due to a change
in the fair value of the preferred stock redemption liability. 

shares (the Shares of
the Company s common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), at an offering price of per Share and 
pre-funded warrants to certain purchasers whose purchase of additional Shares would otherwise result in the purchaser, together with
its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding Common Stock immediately
following the consummation of the offering (the Pre-Funded Warrants ). The Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together
with warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the Accompanying Warrants and together with the Shares
and the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities ). The Pre-Funded Warrants were sold for a purchase price of per share
and have an exercise price of per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time
until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. Each Accompanying Warrant has an exercise price per share of , became
exercisable immediately and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date. 

The
Purchase Agreement also provided for a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement of warrants to purchase
the Company s Common Stock (the Private Placement Warrants with the purchasers in the Registered Offering. The Private
Placement Warrants will be exercisable for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at any time on or after such date, if ever,
that is 14 days after the Company files an amendment (the Authorized Shares Amendment to the Company s Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, par value per share from 
shares to shares with the Delaware Secretary of State and on or prior to the date that is five years after such date. The
Private Placement Warrants have an exercise price of per share. 

In
May 2020, the Company entered into a sales agreement related to an ATM equity offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell,
from time to time, common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to million through A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as sales
agent. In March 2021, the Company sold shares of its common stock under the ATM program for , or an average of 
per share, and received net proceeds of , net of commissions of . 

In
November 2020, the Company closed on a public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per
share, for gross proceeds of approximately million, which gives effect to the exercise of the underwriter s option in full.
In addition, the Company also undertook a concurrent private placement of warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock.
The warrants have an exercise price per share of , are exercisable immediately and will expire from the date of issuance.
The warrants also provide that if there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the
issuance or resale of the warrant shares, the warrants may be exercised via a cashless exercise. After deducting the underwriting discounts
and commissions and other offering expenses, the net proceeds from the offering were approximately million. 

General and administrative 

Total 

Amendments 

The
Advaxis, Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan was originally ratified and approved by the Company s stockholders
on May 27, 2015. Subject to proportionate adjustment in the event of stock splits and similar events, the aggregate number of shares
of common stock that may be issued under the 2015 Plan is shares, plus a number of additional shares (not to exceed underlying
awards outstanding as of the effective date of the 2015 Plan under the prior plan that thereafter terminate or expire unexercised, or
are cancelled, forfeited or lapse for any reason. 

On
January 1, 2021, shares were added to the 2015 Plan. On January 1, 2022, shares were added to the 2015 Plan. 

As
of October 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. 

Restricted
Stock Units (RSUs) 

Vested 

Balance at October 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
fair value of the RSUs as of the vesting date was approximately for the year ended October 31, 2021. 

Employee
Stock Awards 

Common
stock issued to executives and employees related to vested incentive retention awards and employment inducements totaled shares and
 shares during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total stock compensation expense associated with these awards
for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

Stock
Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled or expired 

Outstanding as of October 31, 2021 

Cancelled or expired 

Outstanding as of October 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Vested and exercisable at October 31, 2022 

- 

During
the year ended October 31, 2021, the Company granted stock options to purchase shares of its common stock to an employee. The stock
options have a ten -year term, vest over from the date of grant, and have an exercise price of . 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 was . 

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2021 was . 

Total
compensation cost related to the Company s outstanding stock options, recognized in the consolidated statement of operations for
the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

As
of October 31, 2022, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards, which
is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately years. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The
fair value of each option granted from the Company s stock option plans during the year ended October 31, 2021 was estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Using this model, fair value is calculated based on assumptions with
respect to (i) expected volatility of the Company s common stock price, (ii) the periods of time over which employees and Board
Directors are expected to hold their options prior to exercise (expected lives), (iii) expected dividend yield on the Company s
common stock, and (iv) risk-free interest rates, which are based on quoted U.S. Treasury rates for securities with maturities approximating
expected lives of the options. The Company used their own historical volatility in determining the volatility to be used. The expected
term of the stock option grants was calculated using the simplified method in accordance with the SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin 107. The simplified method was used since the Company believes its historical data does not provide a reasonable
basis upon which to estimate expected term and the Company does not have enough option exercise data from its grants issued to support
its own estimate as a result of vesting terms and changes in the stock price. The expected dividend yield is zero as the Company has
never paid dividends to common shareholders and does not currently anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan 

The
Advaxis, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) was approved by 

During
the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and
 shares, respectively, under the 2018 ESPP. In July 2021, the ESPP was terminated. 

per month Monthly Payment starting on April 30, 2020 until OST achieves its funding milestone of .
Upon receipt of the first Monthly Payment, New Ayala will initiate the transfer of the intellectual property and licensing rights of
ADXS31-164, which were licensed pursuant to the Penn Agreement, back to the University of Pennsylvania. Contemporaneously, OST will
enter negotiations with the University of Pennsylvania to establish a licensing agreement for ADXS31-164 to OST for clinical and
commercial development of the ADXS31-164 technology. 

Provided
that OST meets its ongoing obligation to make its Monthly Payments to New Ayala for six consecutive months, New Ayala agrees to transfer,
and OST agrees to take full ownership of, the IND application for ADXS31-164 in its entirety to OST, along with agreements and promises
contained therein, as well as all obligations associated with this IND or any HER2 product/program development. Until OST makes its Monthly
Payments to New Ayala for six consecutive months, New Ayala will continue to bear the costs of the regulatory filing services related
to the IND application for ADXS31-164. 

Within
five business days of achieving the funding milestone of for the performance of the Children s Oncology Group study
(knowns as the License Commencement Date ), OST will make a non-refundable and non-creditable payment to New Ayala of 
less the cumulative Monthly Payments previously made (the License Commencement Payment ). Within five days following the
License Commencement Date, New Ayala will provide existing drug supply as is to OST, and until the drug supply is supplied
to OST, New Ayala will bear the storage costs for the drug product. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company is also to receive sales-based
milestone payments and royalties on future product sales. In addition, the Company and OST will establish a Joint Steering Committee
to oversee the R D activities. 

The
promises to (1) Maintain the HER2 product until transfer to OST, (2) Provide the IND application ownership for ADX321-164 to OST, (3)
Participate in the Joint Steering Committee, (4) Transfer of IP licensing rights of ADXS31-164 and related Patents, and (5) Provide
Clinical Drug Supply represent one combined performance obligation for revenue recognition purposes. The Company concluded that the transfer
of the IP and licensing rights provides OST with a functional, or right to use, license, and thus the Company will recognize
the upfront fees of from the license at a point in time. The revenue from the transfer of the license cannot be recognized
until the transfer of the corresponding IP to OST has occurred and OST has the ability to benefit from the right to use the license.
As the right to use the license begins when OST makes the upfront payment within five days of the License Commencement Date and the IP
transfers to OST at that time, the upfront fees from the license will be recognized upon the transfer of the intellectual property to
OST. 

Since
OST is making monthly payments that will be creditable against the , as well as additional upfront payments not specified
in the contract, the Company will receive payments prior to the performance of the single distinct performance obligation. Due to this,
the Company will defer any of the monthly payments until the IP and licensing rights are transferred to OST. However, if OST terminates
the contract, which they are able to do with 60-day notice, the Company would recognize any of the payments received when the contract
terminates. 

In
December 2020 and January 2021, the Company received
an aggregate of from OS Therapies upon achievement of the funding milestone set forth in the license agreement and recorded
 in revenue. The Company therefore transferred, and OST took full ownership of, the IND application for ADXS31-164 in its entirety
along with agreements and promises contained therein, as well as all obligations associated with this IND or any HER2 product/program
development. 

In
April 2021, the Company achieved the second milestone set forth in the license agreement for evaluation in the treatment of osteosarcoma
in humans and recorded in revenue. The Company
received the amount due from OS Therapies of in May 2021. 

Global
BioPharma Inc. 

On
December 9, 2013, the Company entered into an exclusive licensing agreement for the development and commercialization of axalimogene
filolisbac with Global BioPharma, Inc. (GBP), a Taiwanese based biotech company funded by a group of investors led by Taiwan Biotech
Co., Ltd (TBC). During each of the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million in revenue for the annual
license fee renewal. Since New Ayala has no significant obligation to perform after the license transfer and has provided GBP with the
right to use its intellectual property, performance is satisfied when the license renews. 

State and Local 

Current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 

Foreign 

Current 

Deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

The
Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers NOLs of approximately million and million at October
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, available to offset taxable income. The Company has million of NOLs which do not expire, the remainder
of which are subject to expiration through . The Company conducted an Internal Revenue Code Section 382 analysis through October
31, 2019. Based on that analysis, some NOLs incurred through October 31, 2019 are subject to limitation and will expire. Subsequent period
NOLs have not been studied for the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitation. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating
Loss carryovers of approximately million and million as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, available to offset
future taxable income through 2042. Utilization of New Jersey NOLs may be similarly limited. 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for
taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. After consideration of all the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect
to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions
that the company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits. A
liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit
because it represents an enterprise s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized
as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740. 

If
applicable, interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as other expense
in the consolidated statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of general and administrative expenses in the
consolidated statement of operations. 

interest or penalties on unrecognized tax benefits were recorded during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of
October 31, 2022, and 2021, no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant
changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year. 

The
Company files tax returns in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions and is subject to examination by tax authorities beginning with
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019. 

Stock-based compensation 

Research and development credits 

Capitalized R D costs 

Adoption of ASC 842 Lease Liability 

Other deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Adoption of ASC 842 ROU Asset 

Patent cost 

Other deferred tax liabilities 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 - 
 - 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Merger costs 

Other permanent differences 
 - 

Research and development credits 

Warrant Liability 

Foreign taxes 

Change in valuation allowance 

Stock option expirations 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

The
 Foreign taxes income tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations for both the years ended October 31, 2022
and 2021 pertain to . 

- 
 - 

Total Financial Assets at Fair Value 
 
 - 
 - 

Financial liabilities at fair value: 

Common stock warrant liability, warrants exercisable at through September 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock warrant liability, warrants exercisable at through 5 years after the date such warrants become exercisable, if ever (Private Placement Warrants) 
 - 
 - 

Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 - 
 - 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Fair Value Measured at October 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Financial assets at fair value: 

Cash equivalents (money market funds) 
 
 - 
 - 

Total Financial Assets at Fair Value 
 
 - 
 - 

Financial liabilities at fair value: 

Common stock warrant liability, warrants exercisable at through September 2024 
 - 
 - 

Common stock warrant liability, warrants exercisable at through 5 years
 after the date such warrants become exercisable, if ever (Private Placement Warrants) 
 - 
 - 

Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 - 
 - 

Additions 
 - 

Exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value 
 - 

Fair value at October 31, 2021 
 - 

Additions 
 
 - 

Change in fair value 

Redemption 
 
 - 

Fair value at October 31, 2022 
 - 

and for each of the years ended October 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. These amounts were charged to the consolidated statement of operations. The employer contributions vest immediately. 

 shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock, par value per share
(the Preferred Stock ), to the Purchaser for per share in cash. The sale closed on December 1, 2022. 

Also
 on December 1, 2022, the Company filed a certificate
of designation (the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware, effective as of the time of filing,
designating the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the shares of Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Designation provides
that and will vote together with the outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to amend the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to change the name of the Company and to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common shares. The Preferred Stock will
be voted, without action by the holder, on any such proposal in the same proportion as shares of common stock are voted. The Preferred
Stock otherwise has no voting rights except as otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

The
Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the
Company. The Preferred Stock has no rights with respect to any distribution of assets of the Company, including upon a liquidation, bankruptcy,
reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The holder
of the Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

The
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at any time (i) if such redemption is ordered by the
Board of Directors in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
implementing a reverse stock split. Upon such redemption, the holder of the Preferred Stock will receive consideration of per
share in cash. 

As
disclosed in Note 1, on October 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement with Old Ayala including terms that Old Ayala
will continue as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Ayala. 

On
January 13, 2023, the OldAyala stockholders approved the Merger Agreement and the Merger closed on January 19, 2023. 

Also
on January 13, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved a
reverse stock split of the common stock at a ratio to be determined by the Board of Directors within a range of one-for-two to one-for-ten
(or any number in between), without reducing the authorized number of shares of the common stock, to be effected in the sole discretion
of the Board of Directors at any time within one year of the date of the Special Meeting without further approval or authorization of
our stockholders. The Company s stockholders also approved an amendment to the Charter to change the corporate name from Advaxis,
Inc. to Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . 

F- 28 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit
3.1 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

 of 

 Ayala
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

(as
amended) 

Ayala
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation duly organized and existing under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the GCL ), does hereby certify that: 

1.
The present name of the Corporation is Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

2.
The Corporation was originally incorporated under the name Advaxis, Inc., and its original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 28, 2002. On January 19, 2023, the Corporation filed an amendment to its
Certificate of Incorporation to change its name from Advaxis, Inc. to Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

3.
This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions
of Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation only restates and
integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation, as theretofore amended
or supplemented or restated, and there is no discrepancy between those provisions and the provisions of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. 

4.
The text of the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended or supplemented or restated, is hereby restated
to read in its entirety as follows: 

First:
 The name of the corporation is Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Corporation ). 

Second:
 The address of the registered office of the Corporation is located at 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, Dover, Delaware 19904 in the
county of Kent. The name of its registered agent at that address is National Registered Agents, Inc. 

Third:
 The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Fourth: 

A.
The total number of shares which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is One Hundred and Seventy Five Million (175,000,000)
shares of which One Hundred and Seventy Million (170,000,000) shares shall be designated Common Stock and have a par value
of 0.001 per share, and Five Million (5,000,000) shares shall be blank check preferred stock and have a par value of 0.001. 

B.
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is authorized
to issue the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series and determine the number of shares constituting each such series, the voting
powers of shares of each such series and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,
and qualifications, limitations or restrictions as set forth in a resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for the
issue of such stock. 

C.
Effective as of March 29, 2019 (the First Effective Time ), each fifteen (15) shares of the Corporation s Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), then issued and outstanding or held by the Corporation in treasury
stock immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall automatically be combined, reclassified and changed into one (1) validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable share of Common Stock without any further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, subject to the
treatment of fractional interests as described below. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, no fractional shares will be
issued in connection with the combination effected by the preceding sentence. Stockholders of record who otherwise would be entitled
to receive fractional shares in connection with such combination will instead be entitled to receive, in lieu of such fractional shares,
an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the closing sales price of the Common Stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Select Market
as of the First Effective Time, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock held by the stockholder immediately prior to
the First Effective Time that would otherwise have been exchanged for such fractional shares. 

D.
Effective as of June 6, 2022 (the Second Effective Time ), each eighty (80) shares of the Corporation s Common
Stock then issued and outstanding or held by the Corporation in treasury stock immediately prior to the Second Effective Time (the Old
Common Stock shall automatically be combined, reclassified and changed into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
share of Common Stock without any further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, subject to the treatment of fractional interests
as described below (the Reclassification ). Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, no fractional shares
will be issued in connection with the combination effected by the preceding sentence. Stockholders of record who otherwise would be entitled
to receive fractional shares in connection with such combination will instead be entitled to receive, in lieu of such fractional shares,
an amount in cash equal to the fraction to which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price of our Common
Stock on the OTCQX on the date on which the Second Effective Time occurs. Each stock certificate or book-entry position that, immediately
prior to the Second Effective Time, represented shares of Old Common Stock shall, from and after the Second Effective Time, automatically
and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange, represent that number of shares of Common Stock after the Second Effective
Time into which the shares of Old Common Stock have been reclassified pursuant to this paragraph, until the same shall be surrendered
to the Corporation. The Reclassification shall also apply to any outstanding securities or rights convertible into, or exchangeable or
exercisable for, Old Common Stock of the Corporation and all references to the Old Common Stock in agreements, arrangements, documents
and plans relating thereto or any option or right to purchase or acquire shares of Old Common Stock shall be deemed to be references
to the Common Stock or options or rights to purchase or acquire shares of Common Stock, as the case may be. 

Fifth:
 The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

Sixth:
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute and except as otherwise provided herein, the Board of Directors
is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. 

Seventh:
 The number of directors which constitute the whole Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be as specified in the bylaws of the
Corporation. 

Eighth:
 Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books
of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board
of Directors or in the bylaws of the Corporation. 

Ninth: 

A.
The Corporation shall indemnify each of the Corporation s directors and officers in each and every situation where, under Section
145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time Section 145 ), the Corporation
is permitted or empowered to make such indemnification, and to the fullest extent permitted by law. The Corporation may, in the sole
discretion of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, indemnify any other person who may be indemnified pursuant to Section 145 to
the extent the Board of Directors deems advisable, as permitted by Section 145. 

B.
No person shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director s
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or (iv) for any transaction
from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is subsequently
amended to further eliminate or limit the liability of a director, then a director of the Corporation, in addition to the circumstances
in which a director is not personally liable as set forth in the preceding sentence, shall not be liable to the fullest extent permitted
by the amended General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. For purposes of this Article, fiduciary duty as a director 
shall include any fiduciary duty arising out of serving at the Corporation s request as a director of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, and personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders shall include any
liability to such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, and any liability to the Corporation in its
capacity as a security holder, joint venturer, partner, beneficiary, creditor or investor of or in any such other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article Ninth (B), nor the adoption of any provision
of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article Ninth (B), shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article Ninth
(B) in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article Ninth (B), would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. 

Tenth:
 The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the by-laws of the Corporation so provide. 

Eleventh:
 The Corporation has opted out of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly known as Advaxis, Inc.)
on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-130080, 333-193007, 333-197465, 333-204939, 333-210285, 333-217218, 333-222483, 333-223851, and 333-239469)
of our report dated February 9, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly known as Advaxis,
Inc.)as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended October 31, 2022, which report is included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, NY 

 February 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18.U.S.C. 7350 

 (SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

I,
Kenneth Berlin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

February 9, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Kenneth
 Berlin 

Name: 
 Kenneth Berlin 

Title: 
 President, Chief Executive
 Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18. U.S.C. 7350 

 (SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

I,
Igor Gitelman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: February 9, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Igor
 Gitelman 

Name: 
 Igor Gitelman 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and VP of Finance 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned,
the Chief Executive Officer, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act of 2002 that, to the undersigned s knowledge: 

(1)
the Report of the Company filed today fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: February 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kenneth Berlin 

Name: 
 Kenneth Berlin 

Title: 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned,
the Chief Financial Officer, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act of 2002 that, to the undersigned s knowledge: 

(1)
the Report of the Company filed today fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: February 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Igor Gitelman 

Name: 
 Igor
Gitelman 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 adxs-20221031.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 adxs-20221031_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 adxs-20221031_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 adxs-20221031_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

