<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1641601_0000950170-23-007840.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36157224</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357113</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2728343</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>20839124</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3006637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8149376</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007840.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314153744
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			River Financial Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001641601
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				461422125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-205986
		FILM NUMBER:		23730549

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2611 LEGENDS DRIVE
		CITY:			PRATTVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			36066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		334-290-1012

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2611 LEGENDS DRIVE
		CITY:			PRATTVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			36066

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007840.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 ck0001641601-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charte r) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbols(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 None 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflec the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executiveo cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30 2022 : There is public market for registrant s common stock. The registrant had total revenue of less than 100 million in 2022. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class of Common Stock 
 
 Outstanding at March 1, 2023 

Common stock, par value 1.00 per share 
 
 shares 

Auditor Firm Id : 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K 
 INDEX 

General 
 
 2 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 2 

PART I. 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 16 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 29 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 29 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 30 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 30 

PART II. 

31 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 31 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 33 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 57 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 100 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 100 

PART III. 

101 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 101 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 104 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 112 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 113 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 114 

Part IV. 

Item 15. 
 Index to Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 115 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 117 

Signatures 
 
 118 

i 
 
 GENE RAL 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates or requires, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to River, RFC, the Company, we, us and our refer to River Financial Corporation, an Alabama corporation, as well as our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, River Bank and Trust, an Alabama Banking Corporation which we may sometimes refer to as RB T and the Bank . 
 On October 28, 2015, the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-205986) became effective, and the Company became subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act under Section 15(d). 
 FORWARD-LOOKIN G STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance, which involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts and include any statement that, without limitation, may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements instead of historical or current facts and may contain words like anticipates, approximately, believes, budget, can, could, continues, contemplates, estimates, expects, forecast, intends, may, might, objective, outlook, predicts, probably, plans, potential, project, seeks, shall, should, target, will, or the negative of these terms and other words, phrases, or expressions with similar meaning. 
 Any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based upon our historical performance and on our current plans, estimates and expectations in light of information currently available to us. The inclusion of forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, and the Company cannot give assurances that such statements will prove to be correct. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information or otherwise. Given these uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or estimated by us include those that are discussed herein under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, as well as other unknown risks and uncertainties. 
 
 2 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a bank holding company headquartered in Prattville, Alabama. River Bank Trust was formed as an Alabama banking corporation in March 2006. In November 2012, River Financial Corporation was formed as an Alabama corporation and all the common shares of River Bank Trust were exchanged for common shares of River Financial Corporation and River Bank Trust became the wholly owned subsidiary of River Financial Corporation. 
 We operate one subsidiary bank, River Bank Trust. Through the Bank, we provide a broad array of financial services to businesses, business owners, and professionals. We operate twenty-one full-service banking offices, located in Montgomery, Prattville, Millbrook, Wetumpka, Auburn, Opelika, Alexander City, Dothan, Enterprise, Daphne, Clanton, Mobile, Gadsden, Decatur, and Huntsville, Alabama. We also have one office approved for full-service banking operations in Birmingham, Alabama. Our market areas generally include the Montgomery, Auburn-Opelika, Gadsden, Dothan, Mobile, Huntsville, and Birmingham Metropolitan Statistical Areas. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 2.83 billion, total loans of 1.80 billion, total deposits of 2.51 billion, and total shareholders equity of 134.0 million. 
 We operate our banking business through 22 offices, including the approved for full-servince banking operations location in Birmingham, across seven regions in Alabama. Those regions are designated as River (including Montgomery, with six offices), East Alabama (including Auburn, Opelika and Gadsden with five offices), Coastal (including Mobile and Baldwin County with three offices), Peach (including Clanton in the central part of the state, with two offices), Wiregrass (including Dothan in the Southeast corner of the state with three offices), North Alabama (including Decatur and Huntsville with two offices), and Birmingham (including Birmingham with one office). See Properties below. 
 Our Products and Services 
 Through our Bank, we engage in the business of banking, which consists primarily of accepting deposits from the public and making loans and other investments. Our principal sources of funds for loans and investments at our Bank are demand, time, savings, and other deposits (including negotiable orders of withdrawal, or NOW accounts) and the amortization and prepayments of loans and investments. Our principal sources of income are interest and fees collected on loans, interest collected on other investments, fees earned from the origination and sale of residential mortgage loans, and service charges, as well as income from investment brokerage services. Our principal expenses are interest paid on savings and other deposits (including NOW accounts), interest paid on other borrowings, employee compensation, office expenses, and other overhead expenses. As described more fully below under Employees, we seek to emphasize a philosophy of deposit first, with a pursuit of checking accounts as a funding source and a conservative approach to lending. 
 3 
 
 Deposits 
 Our principal sources of funds are core deposits, including demand deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, money market accounts, savings deposits, and certificates of deposit. As of December 31, 2022, our deposit composition was as follows: 

Deposit rates are reviewed weekly by senior management. Management believes that the rates that we offer are competitive with those offered by other institutions in our market areas. We also focus on customer service to attract and retain deposits. 
 Transaction accounts include demand deposits and NOW accounts, which customers use for cash management and which provide us with a source of fee income, as well as a low-cost source of funds. Time and savings accounts also provide a relatively stable and low-cost source of funds. Our primary source of funds is NOW accounts. Certificates of deposit in excess of 250,000 are held primarily by customers in our market areas. We utilize brokered certificates of deposit to supplement our market funding sources when funding needs or pricing warrants the use of wholesale funding. 
 
 4 
 
 Lending 
 We offer a range of lending services, including real estate, consumer, and commercial loans, to individuals, small businesses, and other organizations located in or conducting a substantial portion of their business in our market areas. Our total loans, net of unearned income, at December 31, 2022, were approximately 1.80 billion, or approximately 63.6 of total assets. The interest rates charged on loans vary with the degree of risk, maturity, and amount of the loan and are further subject to competitive pressures, money market rates, availability of funds, and government regulations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio composition was classified as follows: (percent of gross loans) 

Real Estate Loans . Loans secured by real estate are the primary component of our loan portfolio, constituting approximately 1.4 billion, or 77.6 , of total loans, net of unearned income, at December 31, 2022. We originate consumer and commercial loans for the purpose of acquiring real estate that are secured by such real estate (CRE). We also often take real estate as an additional source of collateral to secure commercial and industrial (C I) loans. Such loans are classified as real estate loans rather than commercial and industrial loans if the real estate collateral is considered significant as a secondary source of repayment for the loan. Loans are typically made on a recourse basis supported by financial statements and a review of the repayment ability of the borrower(s) and/or guarantor(s). Origination fees are charged for many loans secured by real estate. 
 Real estate lending activities consist of the following: 
 Commercial real estate term loans accrue at either variable or fixed rates. The variable rates approximate current market rates. Amortizations are typically no more than 25 years. 

The primary type of residential mortgage loan is the single-family first mortgage, typically structured with fixed or adjustable interest rates, based on market conditions. These loans usually have fixed rates for up to 5 years, with maturities of 15 to 30 years. 

Construction and land development (C D) loans are typically made on a variable-rate basis. Loan terms usually do not exceed 24 months. 

We originate residential loans for sale into the secondary market. These loans are made in accordance with underwriting standards set by the purchaser of the loan, normally as to loan-to-value ratio, interest rate, borrower qualification, and documentation. These loans are generally made under a commitment to purchase from a loan purchaser. We generally collect from the borrower or purchaser a combination of the origination fee, discount points, and/or a service release fee. 
 Home Equity Lines of Credit: We originate home equity lines of credit secured by residential property. The loans are typically made on a variable rate basis with maturities up to 10 years. At December 31, 2022, home equity lines of credit constituted 64.2 million, or 3.6 of our loan portfolio. 
 
 5 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans . We make loans for commercial purposes in various lines of business. These loans are typically made on terms up to 7 years at fixed or variable rates and are secured by various types of collateral, including accounts receivable, inventory, or, in the case of equipment loans, the financed equipment. We attempt to reduce our credit risk on commercial loans by underwriting the loan based on the borrower s cash flow and its ability to service the debt from earnings, and by limiting the loan-to-value ratio. Historically, we have typically loaned up to 80 on loans secured by accounts receivable, up to 50 on loans secured by inventory (which are typically also secured by accounts receivable), and up to 100 on loans secured by equipment. We also make some unsecured commercial loans. Commercial and industrial loans constituted 291.0 million, or 16.4 of our loan portfolio, at December 31, 2022. Interest rates are negotiable based upon the borrower s financial condition, credit history, management stability and collateral. 
 Consumer Loans . Consumer lending includes installment lending to individuals in our market areas and generally consists of loans to purchase automobiles and other consumer durable goods. Consumer loans constituted 49.6 million, or 2.8 of our loan portfolio, at December 31, 2022. Consumer loans are underwritten based on the borrower s income, current debt level, past credit history and collateral. Consumer rates are both variable and fixed, with terms negotiable. Terms generally range from one to five years depending on the nature and condition of the collateral. Periodic amortization, generally monthly, is typically required. 
 Loan Approval . Certain credit risks are inherent in making loans. These include repayment risks, risks resulting from uncertainties in the future value of collateral, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers. In particular, longer maturities increase the risk that economic conditions will change and adversely affect collectability. 
 We attempt to minimize loan losses through various means and the use of standardized underwriting criteria. We have established a standardized loan policy that may be modified based on local market conditions. In particular, on larger credits, we generally rely on the cash flow of a debtor as the source of repayment and secondarily on the value of the underlying collateral. In addition, we attempt to utilize shorter loan terms in order to reduce the risk of a decline in the value of such collateral. 
 We address repayment risks by adhering to internal credit policies and procedures. These policies and procedures include officer and customer lending limits, a loan committee approval process for larger loans, documentation examination, and follow-up procedures for loan review and any exceptions to credit policies. The point in the loan approval process at which a loan is approved depends on the size of the borrower s credit relationship with the bank and the loan authority of the lending officer to whom the loan request is made. Each of our lending officers has the authority to approve loans up to an approved loan authority amount, as approved by the bank s board of directors. Loans in excess of the highest loan authority amount of a particular lending officer must be approved by the bank s loan committee, or another officer with sufficient loan authority to approve the request. 
 Risk Ratings . Loan officers are directly responsible for monitoring the risk in their respective portfolios. On commercial loans, risk grades are assigned by the loan officer for the probability of default following analysis of borrower characteristics and external economic factors. However, on consumer loans, risk grades are determined by a borrower s credit score and personal debt ratio, as well as the borrower s repayment history with the bank. 
 Electronic Banking 
 We offer electronic banking services to our customers, including commercial and retail online banking, automated bill payment, mobile banking, and remote deposit capture for certain customers. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. We compete for loans, deposits, and financial services in all of our principal markets. We compete directly with other bank and nonbank institutions located within our markets, internet-based banks, out-of-market banks, and bank holding companies that advertise in or otherwise serve our markets, along with money market and mutual funds, brokerage houses, mortgage companies, and insurance companies or other commercial entities that offer financial services products. Competition involves efforts to retain current customers, obtain new loans and deposits, increase the scope and type of services offered, and offer competitive interest rates paid on deposits and charged on loans. Many of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages, including greater financial resources, a wider geographic presence, more accessible branch office locations, the ability to offer additional services, more favorable pricing alternatives, and lower origination and operating costs. Some of our competitors have been in business for a long time and have an established customer base and name recognition. We believe that our competitive pricing, personalized service, and community involvement enable us to effectively compete in the communities in which we operate. 
 6 
 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 305 full-time and 14 part-time employees. None of these employees are party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 The Company emphasizes a deposit first philosophy to provide not only a direct and practical service to its customers but also to provide a stable and adequate funding source for its loans. The Company seeks employees who are familiar with the Company s operations in its 22 offices across seven regions in Alabama, including operations in 7 of the top 10 MSAs in Alabama. The Company seeks to provide a one customer at a time approach to growth and emphasizes the need for employees, especially its relationship managers and office managers, to have a thorough knowledge of local markets and customers to enhance its conservative lending function. 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 General 
 We are extensively regulated under both federal and state law. These laws restrict permissible activities and investments and require compliance with various consumer protection provisions applicable to lending, deposit, brokerage, and fiduciary activities. They also impose capital adequacy requirements and conditions on a bank holding company s ability to repurchase stock or to receive dividends from its subsidiary bank. We are subject to comprehensive examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve and Alabama Banking Department, and River Bank and Trust is subject to comprehensive examination and supervision by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Alabama State Banking Department. These regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on our operations. This supervisory framework could materially impact the conduct and profitability of our activities. 
 To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the particular statutory and regulatory provisions. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised at both the state and federal levels. The likelihood and timing of any changes in these laws and regulations, and the impact such changes may have on us, are difficult to ascertain. A change in applicable laws and regulations, or in the manner such laws or regulations are interpreted by regulatory agencies or courts, may have a material effect on our business, operations, and earnings. 
 Regulation of River Financial Corporation 
 We are registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and are subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve and the Alabama Banking Department. The BHCA requires us to secure the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before we own or control, directly or indirectly, more than five percent (5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any bank or savings association, or merge or consolidate with another bank or savings and loan holding company. Further, under the BHCA, our activities and those of any nonbank subsidiary are generally limited to: those activities that the Federal Reserve determines to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. Prior approval of the Federal Reserve may be required before engaging in certain activities. In making such determinations, the Federal Reserve is required to weigh the expected benefits to the public, such as greater convenience, increased competition, and gains in efficiency, against the possible adverse effects, such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest, and unsound banking practices. 
 Subject to various exceptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with related regulations, require Federal Reserve approval prior to any person or company acquiring control of a bank holding company. Control is conclusively deemed to exist if an individual or company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the bank holding company, and a rebuttable presumption arises if a person or company acquires 10 or more, but less than 25 , of any class of voting securities and either: (i) the bank holding company has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Act; or (ii) no other person owns a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction. The BHCA s definition of control can also be triggered when a company acquires 5 or more of any class of voting securities and certain other factors are present. 
 
 7 
 
 The BHCA was substantially amended by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or the GLBA, which, among other things, permits a financial holding company to engage in a broader range of non-banking activities, and to engage on less restrictive terms in certain activities than were previously permitted. These expanded activities include securities underwriting and dealing, insurance underwriting and sales, and merchant banking activities. To become a financial holding company, a bank holding company must certify that all depository institutions that it controls are both well capitalized and well managed (as defined by federal law), and have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. The GLBA also imposes certain privacy requirements on all financial institutions and their treatment of consumer information. At this time, we have not elected to become a financial holding company, nor do we expect to make such an election in the foreseeable future. 
 There are a number of restrictions imposed on us by law and regulatory policy that are designed to minimize potential loss to depositors and to the insurance fund maintained by the FDIC (as discussed in more detail below) in the event that a subsidiary depository institution should become insolvent. For example, federal law requires a bank holding company to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support such institutions in circumstances where it might not do so in the absence of such a policy. The Federal Reserve also has the authority under the BHCA to require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or to relinquish control of a non-bank subsidiary upon the Federal Reserve s determination that such activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness and stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. 
 Any capital loan by a bank holding company to a subsidiary depository institution is subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other indebtedness of the institution. In addition, in the event of the holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment made by the bank holding company to a federal banking regulatory agency to maintain the capital of its subsidiary depository institution(s) will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or FDIA, provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as a subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non- deposit creditors, including the institution s holding company, with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. 
 Regulation of River Bank Trust 
 The operations and investments of RB T are subject to the supervision, examination, and reporting requirements of the FDIC and the Alabama Banking Department, and RB T is subject to a wide range of federal and state banking statutes and regulations, including with respect to the level of reserves that RB T must maintain against deposits, restrictions on the types, amount, and terms and conditions of loans it may originate, and limits on the types of other activities in which RB T may engage and the investments that it may make. The FDIC and Alabama Banking Department also have the power to prevent the continuance or development of unsafe or unsound banking practices or other violations of law. 
 Acquisitions of Other Banks 
 If the Bank seeks to acquire another depository institution or branches of another depository institution, it is required to obtain the prior approval of the FDIC and Alabama Banking Department. In reviewing the application, these agencies will consider, among other things, the Bank s capital level, its financial and managerial resources and future prospects, the impact of the transaction on the Bank s safety and soundness, the impact of the transaction on competition in the relevant geographic market, its record in combating money laundering activities, the impact on the convenience and needs of the communities served, and the Bank s record of Community Reinvestment Act performance. 
 
 8 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 We are subject to federal laws, such as Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W, that limit the aggregate amount of the transactions that depository institutions may engage in with their affiliates (such as the Company). Under these provisions, transactions (such as loans or investments) by a bank with its affiliates are generally limited to 10 of the bank s capital and surplus for all covered transactions with any one affiliate, and 20 of capital and surplus for all covered transactions with all affiliates. Any extensions of credit to affiliates, with limited exceptions, must be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. Banks are also prohibited from purchasing any low quality assets from an affiliate. The Dodd-Frank Act imposes additional requirements on transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. Section 23B requires any transaction between a bank and its affiliate to be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving nonaffiliates. 
 We are also subject to restrictions on extensions of credit to our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders, and their related interests. These extensions of credit must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties, and must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Furthermore, we are prohibited from engaging in asset purchases or sales transactions with our officers, directors, or principal stockholders unless the transaction is on market terms and, if the transaction represents greater than 10 of the capital and surplus of the bank, a majority of the bank s disinterested directors has approved the transaction. 
 Monetary Policy 
 Our earnings are and will be affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have a significant effect upon the operating results of commercial banks. The Federal Reserve has a major impact upon the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its open market operations in United States government securities and through its regulation of, among other things, the discount rate on bank borrowings and the reserve requirements against bank deposits. It is not possible for us to predict the nature and impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 
 Deposit Insurance 
 Our deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. FDIC-insured banks are required to pay deposit insurance assessments to the FDIC. The amount of the assessment is based on the size of the bank s assessment base, which is equal to its average consolidated total assets less its average tangible equity, and its risk classification under an FDIC risk-based assessment system. Institutions assigned to higher risk classifications (that is, institutions that pose a higher risk of loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund) pay assessments at higher rates than institutions that pose a lower risk. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern that the institution poses to the regulators. At certain times, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the Deposit Insurance Fund and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rulemaking, if required. The FDIC can also impose special assessments in certain instances. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines to increase assessment rates, RB T may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums. 
 A significant increase in insurance assessments would likely have an adverse effect on our operating expenses and results of operations. We cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. Furthermore, deposit insurance may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our Bank. Our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions depends in part upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiary bank and is limited by federal and state law. The specific limits depend upon a number of factors, including recent earnings, recent dividends, level of capital, and regulatory status. The regulators are authorized, and under certain circumstances are required, to determine whether the payment of dividends or other distributions by a bank would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit such payment. For example, the FDIC generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. 
 
 9 
 
 The Bank generally may not withdraw, either in the form of a dividend or otherwise, any portion of its permanent capital and may not declare a dividend in excess of its retained net profits without prior approval of the Alabama Banking Department and FDIC. Further, the Bank is also required by Alabama law to obtain prior approval of the Alabama Banking Department for its payment of dividends if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year will exceed the total of (i) the bank s net earnings (as defined by statute) for that year, plus (ii) its retained net earnings (after paying dividends) for the preceding two years. 
 The ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends and make distributions can also be limited by other laws or regulations. The Federal Reserve, which has authority to prohibit a bank holding company from paying dividends or making other distributions, has issued a Supervisory Letter stating that a bank holding company should not pay cash dividends unless its net income available to common stockholders has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the holding company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. Accordingly, a bank holding company should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income or that can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. The Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III (described below), and their respective implementing regulations impose additional restrictions on the ability of banking institutions to pay dividends. 
 Capital Adequacy Guidelines 
 The FDIC and Alabama Banking Department monitor the capital adequacy of the Bank by using a combination of risk-based guidelines and leverage ratios. These agencies consider the Bank s capital levels when taking action on various types of applications and when conducting supervisory activities related to the safety and soundness of the Bank and the banking system. Under the Basel III capital rules, the Bank is required to maintain four minimum capital standards: (1) a leverage ratio of at least 4.0 , (2) a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 4.5 , (3) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.0 , and (4) a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 . The Basel III capital rules also require the Bank to establish a capital conservation buffer equal to 2.500 of total risk-weighted assets. The capital conservation buffer is designed to ensure that banks build up capital buffers outside periods of stress, which can be drawn down as losses are incurred. An institution that does not satisfy the capital conservation buffer will be subject to restrictions on certain activities including payment of dividends, stock repurchases, and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. When the 2.5 capital conservation buffer is factored in, the minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is 7.0 , the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is 8.5 , and the minimum total risk-based capital ratio is 10.5 . 
 For purposes of calculating risk-weighted assets, the federal banking agencies have promulgated risk-based capital guidelines designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks, to account for off-balance sheet exposures, and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets. Under these guidelines, assets and off- balance sheet items are assigned to broad risk categories, each with appropriate weights. The resulting capital ratios represent capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items. Bank assets are given risk-weights under the Basel III Rules. In addition, certain off-balance sheet items are assigned certain credit conversion factors to convert them to asset- equivalent amounts to which an appropriate risk-weighting will apply. Those computations result in the total risk-weighted assets. 
 These capital requirements are minimum requirements. The FDIC or Alabama Banking Department may also set higher capital requirements if warranted by the risk profile of the Bank, economic conditions impacting its markets, or other circumstances particular to the Bank. For example, FDIC guidance provides that higher capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk and the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities, or securities trading activities. Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject the Bank to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, restrictions on business activities, and other measures under the FDIC s prompt corrective action regulations. 
 Currently, the Company is subject to the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement which does not require the Company to monitor its regulatory capital levels on a consolidated basis but rather imposes certain requirements on the Company s debt-to-equity ratio at the parent company level. Should the Company s consolidated assets eventually exceed 3 billion, it would become subject to the same Basel III minimum capital ratios discussed above which apply to the Bank. 
 On September 17, 2019, the FDIC and other federal bank regulatory agencies approved the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework. This optional framework became effective January 1, 2020, and is available to the Bank as an alternative to the Basel III risk-based capital framework. The CBLR framework provides for a simple measure of capital adequacy for certain community banking organizations. Specifically, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10.0 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9.00 are eligible to elect to utilize the CBLR framework. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank qualify for the CBLR framework. Management does not intend to utilize the CBLR framework. 
 10 
 
 As an additional means of identifying problems in the financial management of depository institutions, the federal banking regulatory agencies have established certain non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions for which they are the primary federal regulator. The standards relate generally to operations and management, asset quality, interest rate exposure, and executive compensation. The agencies are authorized to take action against institutions that fail to meet such standards. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 In addition to the required minimum capital levels described above, federal law establishes a system of prompt corrective actions that federal banking agencies are required to take, and certain actions that they have discretion to take, based upon the capital category into which a federally regulated depository institution falls. Regulations set forth detailed procedures and criteria for implementing prompt corrective action in the case of any institution which is not adequately capitalized. Under the prompt corrective action rules, an institution is deemed well capitalized if its leverage ratio, Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, Tier 1 Capital ratio, and Total Capital ratio meet or exceed 5 , 6.5 , 8 , and 10 , respectively, and must not be subject to any order or written agreement or directive by a federal banking agency to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. An institution is deemed to be adequately capitalized if its leverage, Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and Total Capital ratios meet or exceed 4.0 , 4.5 , 6.0 , and 8.0 , and undercapitalized if it fails to meet these minimum capital requirements. An institution is significantly undercapitalized if its leverage, Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1, or Total Capital ratios fall below 3 , 3 , 4 , or 6 , respectively, and critically undercapitalized if the institution has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . 
 The prompt corrective action rules require an undercapitalized institution to file a written capital restoration plan, along with a performance guaranty by its holding company or a third party. In addition, an undercapitalized institution becomes subject to certain automatic restrictions, including a prohibition on payment of dividends and a limitation on asset growth and expansion in certain cases, a limitation on the payment of bonuses or raises to senior executive officers, and a prohibition on the payment of certain management fees to any controlling person. Institutions that are classified as undercapitalized or significantly undercapitalized are also subject to certain additional supervisory actions, including increased reporting burdens and regulatory monitoring; limitations on the institution s ability to make acquisitions, open new branch offices, or engage in new lines of business; obligations to raise additional capital; restrictions on transactions with affiliates; and restrictions on interest rates paid by the institution on deposits. In certain cases, banking regulatory agencies may require replacement of senior executive officers or directors, or sale of the institution to a willing purchaser. If an institution is deemed to be critically undercapitalized and continues in that category for 90 days, the statute requires, with certain narrowly limited exceptions, that the institution be placed in receivership. 
 Banks that are adequately, but not well, capitalized may not accept, renew, or rollover brokered deposits except with a waiver from the FDIC and are subject to restrictions on the interest rates that can be paid on deposits. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The CRA requires the federal banking regulatory agencies to assess all financial institutions that they regulate to determine whether these institutions are meeting the credit needs of the communities they serve, including their assessment area(s) (as established for these purposes in accordance with applicable regulations based principally on the location of branch offices). Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or unsatisfactory. An institution s record in meeting the requirements of the CRA is made publicly available and is taken into consideration in connection with any applications it files with federal regulators to engage in certain activities, including approval of a branch or other deposit facility, mergers and acquisitions, office relocations, or expansions into non-banking activities. The Bank received a satisfactory rating at its most recent CRA evaluation. 
 CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to a bank s primary federal regulator. A financial holding company election, and such election and financial holding company activities are permitted to be continued, only if any affiliated bank has not received less than a satisfactory CRA rating. 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 Under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act, which amended the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships, as well as enhanced due diligence and know your customer standards in their dealings with foreign financial institutions and foreign customers. The USA PATRIOT Act also mandates that financial institutions establish anti-money laundering programs meeting certain standards and requires the federal banking regulators to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s anti-money laundering activities when reviewing bank mergers and bank holding company acquisitions. 
 
 11 
 
 The law is intended to enhance the powers of the federal government and law enforcement organizations to combat terrorism, organized crime and money laundering. The USA Patriot Act materially amended and expanded the application of the existing Bank Secrecy Act. It provided enhanced measures, including know your customer, new suspicious activity reporting rules and enhanced anti-money laundering programs. Under the USA Patriot Act, each financial institution is required to establish and maintain anti-money laundering compliance and due diligence programs, which include, at a minimum: 
 the development of internal policies, procedures, and controls; 

the designation of a compliance officer; 

an ongoing employee training program; and 

an independent audit function to test programs. 

In addition, the USA Patriot Act requires regulatory agencies to consider the record of a bank or bank holding company in combating money laundering activities in their evaluation of bank and bank holding company merger, acquisition and branch expansion transactions. 
 Privacy of Customer Information 
 The GLBA and the implementing regulations issued by federal regulatory agencies require financial institutions (including banks, insurance agencies, and broker/dealers) to adopt policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about their customers to non-affiliated third parties. In general, financial institutions are required to explain to customers their policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information, and in certain circumstances, customers can prevent the disclosure of such information to nonaffiliated third parties. GLBA also established certain information security guidelines that require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, to protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information, and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. Federal banking regulators regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management. 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB, which is an independent bureau with broad authority to regulate the consumer finance industry, including regulated financial institutions, non-banks and others involved in extending credit to consumers. The CFPB has authority through rulemaking, orders, policy statements, guidance, and enforcement actions to administer and enforce federal consumer financial laws, to oversee several entities and market segments not previously under the supervision of a federal regulator, and to impose its own regulations and pursue enforcement actions when it determines that a practice is unfair, deceptive, or abusive. The federal consumer financial laws and all of the functions and responsibilities associated with them, many of which were previously enforced by other federal regulatory agencies, were transferred to the CFPB on July 21, 2011. While the CFPB has the power to establish, interpret, administer, and enforce federal consumer financial laws, the Dodd-Frank Act provides that the federal banking regulatory agencies continue to have examination and enforcement powers over the financial institutions that they supervise relating to the matters within the jurisdiction of the CFPB if such institutions have less than 10 billion in assets. The Dodd- Frank Act also gives state attorneys general the ability to enforce federal consumer protection laws. 
 Mortgage Loan Origination 
 The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the CFPB to establish certain minimum standards for the origination of residential mortgages, including a determination of the borrower s ability to repay. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and the implementing final rule adopted by the CFPB, or the ATR/QM Rule, a financial institution may not make a residential mortgage loan to a consumer unless it first makes a reasonable and good faith determination that the consumer has a reasonable ability to repay the loan. In addition, the ATR/QM Rule limits prepayment penalties and permits borrowers to raise certain defenses to foreclosure if they receive any loan other than a qualified mortgage, as defined by the CFPB. The ATR/QM Rule specifies the types of income and assets that may be considered in the ability-to-repay determination, the permissible sources for verification, and the required methods of calculating the loan s monthly payments. 
 
 12 
 
 Mortgage Loan Servicing 
 The CFPB has issued a series of final rules as part of an ongoing effort to address mortgage servicing reforms and create uniform standards for the mortgage servicing industry. The rules contain additional requirements for communications with borrowers, address the maintenance of customer account records, govern procedures for responding to written borrower requests and complaints of errors, and provide guidance regarding servicing delinquent loans, foreclosure proceedings, and loss mitigation efforts, among other measures. These rules have in general led to increased costs to service loans across the mortgage industry. 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 300 or more of total capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. Owner occupied loans are excluded from this second category. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address, among other things, board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. At December 31, 2022, the Bank did not have a concentration in commercial real estate as defined by the regulatory guidance. 
 The Volcker Rule 
 On December 10, 2013, five U.S. financial regulators, including the Federal Reserve and FDIC, adopted a final rule implementing the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule was created by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act and prohibits banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading. Banking entities also are prohibited from sponsoring or investing in private equity or hedge funds, or extending credit to or engaging in other covered transactions with affiliated private equity or hedge funds. The fundamental prohibitions of the Volcker Rule generally apply to banking entities of any size, including us, the Bank, and any other affiliate under the Bank Holding Company Act. The Economic Growth Act amends Section 619 to exempt from the Volcker Rule any insured depository institution that has 10.0 billion or less in total consolidated assets and whose total trading assets and trading liabilities are 5.0 or less of total consolidated assets. 
 Other Provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, which became law on July 21, 2010, implemented far-reaching changes across the financial regulatory landscape. In addition to the reforms previously mentioned, the Dodd-Frank Act also: 
 Required bank holding companies and banks to be both well-capitalized and well-managed in order to acquire banks located outside their home state and required any bank holding company electing to be treated as a financial holding company to be both well-managed and well-capitalized; 

Eliminated all remaining restrictions on interstate banking by authorizing national and state banks to establish de novo branches in any state that would permit a bank chartered in that state to open a branch at that location; 

Repealed Regulation Q, the federal prohibition on the payment of interest on demand deposits, thereby permitting depository institutions to pay interest on business transaction and other accounts; 

Enhanced insider transaction limitations by strengthening loan restrictions to insiders and applying the various limits to a greater number of types of transactions, including derivative transactions, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, and securities lending or borrowing transactions. The law also restricted certain asset sales to and from an insider to an institution, including requirements that such sales be on market terms and, in certain circumstances, approved by the institution s board of directors; 

Strengthened the previous limits on a depository institution s credit exposure to one borrower (whether a person or group of related persons) in an amount exceeding certain thresholds, by expanding the scope of these restrictions to include credit exposure arising from derivative transactions, repurchase agreements, and securities lending and borrowing transactions. 

13 
 
 Changed the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of insured deposits held by the depository institution to the institution s average total consolidated assets less tangible equity; increased the minimum reserve ratio for the Deposit Insurance Fund from 1.15 to 1.35 and permanently increased the deposit insurance coverage amount from 100,000 to 250,000; and 

Directed the Federal Reserve to establish interchange fees for debit cards under a restrictive, reasonable, and proportional cost per transaction standard. 

While much of the Dodd-Frank Act has been implemented in the form of final rules from the banking agencies, the full extent of its impact on our operations is subject to change based on actions taken by the banking agencies in implementing the rules as well any future modifications to the rules. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Membership 
 The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta, or the FHLBA. Each member of the FHLBA is required to maintain a minimum investment in the Class B stock of the FHLBA. The Board of Directors of the FHLBA can increase the minimum investment requirements in the event it has concluded that additional capital is required to allow it to meet its own regulatory capital requirements. Any increase in the minimum investment requirements outside of specified ranges requires the approval of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Because the extent of any obligation to increase the level of investment in the FHLBA depends entirely upon the occurrence of a future event, we are unable to determine the extent of future required potential payments to the FHLBA at this time. Additionally, in the event that a member financial institution fails, the right of the FHLBA to seek repayment of funds loaned to that institution will take priority (a super lien) over the rights of all other creditors. 
 Other Laws and Regulations 
 Our operations are subject to several additional laws, some of which are specific to banking and others of which are applicable to commercial operations generally. For example, with respect to our lending practices, we are subject to the following laws and regulations, among several others: 
 Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed, or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 

Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies, certain identity theft protections, and certain credit and other disclosures; 

Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 

Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, requiring certain disclosures concerning loan closing costs and escrows, and governing transfers of loan servicing and the amounts of escrows in connection with loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties; 

Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, imposing requirements and limitations on specific financial transactions and account relationships, intended to guard against money laundering and terrorism financing; 

Rules and regulations established by the National Flood Insurance Program; 

Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act which set lending restrictions and limitations regarding loans and other extensions of credit made to executive officers, directors, principal stockholders, and other insiders; 

Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, imposing restrictions regarding loans and other extensions of credit made by a bank to one or more of its affiliates; and 

14 
 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing these federal laws. 

Our deposit operations are subject to federal laws applicable to depository accounts, including: 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

Truth-In-Savings Act, requiring certain disclosures for consumer deposit accounts; 

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E of the Federal Reserve, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; and 

Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing these federal laws. 

We are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations that are not limited to banking organizations. For example, in lending to commercial and consumer borrowers, and in owning and operating our own property, we are subject to regulations and potential liabilities under state and federal environmental laws. In addition, we must comply with privacy and data security laws and regulations at both the federal and state level. 
 We are heavily regulated by regulatory agencies at the federal and state levels. Like most of our competitors, we have faced and expect to continue to face increased regulation and regulatory and political scrutiny, which creates significant uncertainty for us, as well as for the financial services industry in general. 
 Enforcement Powers 
 The bank regulatory agencies have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance and impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and supervisory agreements, breaches of fiduciary duty, or the maintenance of unsafe and unsound conditions or practices, could subject us or our subsidiaries, including the Bank, as well as their respective officers, directors, and other institution-affiliated parties, to administrative sanctions, enforcement actions and potentially substantial civil money penalties. 
 Future Legislation and Regulation 
 Regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry in recent years, leading in many cases to greater uncertainty and compliance costs for regulated entities. For example, the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act required us to make material expenditures, particularly in the form of personnel training costs and additional compliance expenses. Future regulations may require us to change certain of our business practices in order to comply, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to pursue business opportunities that we might otherwise consider pursuing, cause business disruptions, and/or have other impacts. Failure to comply with these laws or regulations, even if inadvertent, could result in negative publicity, fines, or additional expenses. 
 Furthermore, proposals that could substantially intensify the regulation of the financial services industry may be introduced in the United States Congress, in state legislatures, and by applicable regulatory authorities. These proposals may change banking statutes and regulations and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, these proposals could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. We cannot predict whether any of these proposals will be enacted and, if enacted, the effect that these proposals, or any implementing regulations, would have on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Website Information 
 We maintain a website at www.riverbankandtrust.com through which we make available, free of charge under the tab Investor Relations, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov. We also include our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics under the tab Investor Relations of our website. We will provide paper copies of these reports to stockholders free of charge upon written request to: River Financial Corporation, Attention: Corporate Secretary, P.O. Box 680249, Alabama 36068. Information on, or accessible through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have included our website address only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. 
 15 
 
 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 An investment in our common stock involves certain risks that you should carefully consider in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The occurrence of any of the risks described below may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations, in which case the value of your common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of your investment. Additional risks of which we are not presently aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business or results of operations. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. 
 Possible Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The current COVID-19 pandemic could result in negative effects on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have instituted procedures, consistent with federal, state and local government guidelines, to institute social distancing among employees and customers, including employees working from home. A majority of employees are no longer working from home. We believe these measures have been undertaken to date with minimal negative effects on our operations and have been well received by employees and customers. We believe our daily operations and services to customers have not been materially interrupted in an adverse way, but we cannot be certain of the long-term effects of such procedures. 
 Because of the potential negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, including rising unemployment and closings of non-essential businesses during the pandemic, we may experience an adverse effect on our loans. 
 Rising unemployment, the closing, even if temporary, of non-essential businesses, and the overall negative effect on the economy could result in the inability of some of our customers to meet their loan obligations to our Bank. Loan modifications and payment deferrals provide our borrowers with temporary relief, but such relief may be insufficient, depending on the length and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the economy. In addition to loan deferrals and modifications, we participated in certain government programs designed to bolster the economy during the pandemic, such as the PPP, which was intended to fund borrowers payrolls and certain operating expenses, not to support existing borrowers loans. Our customers participation in other government programs also may stabilize their cash flows during any continuation of the pandemic, but may not prevent significant loan delinquencies and losses. In addition, we have loans which are not covered by any government guarantee protection program. Thus, we could experience various impairments of such loans, including a delay in payments of principal and interest, the inability of borrowers to pay the loans in full, the loss in value of collateral securing such loans, and the inability to sell such collateral at a reasonable price if the collateral is taken in foreclosure. All of the foregoing could have adverse consequences on our income and eventually on our capital. 
 Although we are participating in certain government programs to assist customers and borrowers, we may nevertheless incur long-term adverse results. 
 We have received requests from our borrowers for loan and lease deferrals and modifications including the deferral of principal payments or the deferral of principal and interest payments for terms generally 90-180 days. Requests are evaluated individually and approved modifications are based on the unique circumstances of each borrower. We are committed to working with our clients to allow time to work through the challenges of the lingering pandemic. In keeping with guidance from regulators, we have also worked with COVID -19 affected customers to waive fees from a variety of sources, such as but not limited to, insufficient funds and overdraft fees, ATM fees, account maintenance fees, etc. We are unable to project the materiality of such an impact, but recognize the breadth of the economic impact is likely to impact our fee income in future periods. Thus, it is uncertain what future impact these measures related to COVID-19 difficulties will have on our financial condition, results of operations and reserve for loan and lease losses. 
 As a participating lender in the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Paycheck Protection Program (PPP), River Financial and River Bank are subject to additional risks of litigation from the Bank s customers or other parties regarding the Bank s processing of loans for the PPP and risks that the SBA may not fund some PPP loan guaranties 
 
 16 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted, which included a loan program administered through the SBA referred to as the PPP. Under the PPP, small businesses and other entities and individuals could apply for unsecured, low-interest rate loans from existing SBA lenders and other approved regulated lenders that enroll in the program, subject to numerous limitations and eligibility criteria. Borrowers are eligible for up to 100 forgiveness on PPP loans if certain conditions are met. The PPP loans are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. The Bank participated as a lender in the PPP. The PPP opened on April 3, 2020. The PPP was launched by SBA and the US Department of Treasury in an expedient timeframe and because of the short timeframe between the passing of the CARES Act and the opening of the PPP, there was ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the PPP, which exposes us to risks relating to noncompliance with the PPP. Since the opening of the PPP, several other larger banks have been subject to litigation regarding the process and procedures that such banks used in processing applications for the PPP. River Financial and River Bank may be exposed to the risk of similar litigation, from both customers and non customers that approached the Bank regarding PPP loans, regarding its process and procedures used in processing applications for the PPP. If any such litigation is filed against us and is not resolved in a favorable manner, it may result in significant financial liability or adversely affect our reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly, regardless of outcome. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by PPP-related litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Bank also has credit risk on PPP loans if a determination is made by the SBA that there is a material deficiency in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded, or serviced by the Bank. In the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan and a determination by the SBA that there was a material deficiency in the manner in which the PPP loan was originated, funded, or serviced by the Bank, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if it has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency from the Bank. There is also a risk that not all PPP loans will be forgiven and any unforgiven amount will remain on the Bank s balance sheet preventing such funds from being redeployed into higher-earning assets. 
 A continuation of the pandemic could have longer-term and unforeseen results. 
 A continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a major resurgence of the pandemic, could have longer adverse effects on our capital, income and relationships with customers. There could be longer term effects which are unforeseen at the present time. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our growth plans. 
 The pandemic s effect on the economy could deter our growth plans. We have always planned upon and anticipated solid growth organically, including the opening of new branches when opportunities arise along with the development of further business opportunities where we currently have branches. In addition, we have grown by making select acquisitions of other banks, and we have planned to be alert for future acquisition opportunities. The COVID-19 pandemic, its adverse effects on the economy, both short-term and long-term, and uncertainty by the public in general of the stability of the economy could hinder such growth plans. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect us in other areas where we may be uncertain of the effects. 
 In addition to the risks noted above, the COVID-19 pandemic could affect us in a number of other areas of our operations with consequences at the present time of which we cannot be certain. These include: the effectiveness, or lack thereof, of the current COVID-19 vaccination efforts; the general economic stability of our geographic markets; a change in demand for financial products in general; fewer financial resources that are generally available to small and medium size business; changes in government monetary policy; interest rate fluctuations; the need for additional increases in our allowance for loan and lease losses; a reduction in values set forth in appraisals that provide back-up for loans; stress on our liquidity caused by a reduction in deposits as customers need additional cash for their own liquidity needs; increased cyber and payment fraud risk; and increased oversight on our internal controls and procedures to ensure that we are taking necessary steps to manage any increased risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 17 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business As a Commercial Bank 
 Our business is concentrated in, and largely dependent upon, the continued growth and welfare of the general geographic markets in which we operate. 
 Our commercial banking operations are concentrated in Alabama. As of December 31, 2022, most of our total loans were to borrowers located in Alabama, primarily central and south Alabama. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations and cash flows are affected by changes in the economic conditions of the state or the regions of which it is a part. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits, and real estate activity in this market. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend outside these areas, adverse economic conditions that affect those areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans, affect the value of collateral underlying loans, impact our ability to attract deposits, and generally affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Because of our geographic concentration, we may be less able than other regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. 
 Our small to medium-sized business and entrepreneurial customers may have fewer financial resources than larger entities to weather a downturn in the economy, which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan, and such impairment could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We focus our business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small to medium-sized businesses and entrepreneurs. These customers may have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. If economic conditions negatively impact the Alabama market generally, and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected, our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected. 
 Our financial performance will be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our growth strategy. 
 Our current growth strategy is to grow organically and supplement that growth with select acquisitions. Our ability to grow organically depends primarily on generating loans and deposits of acceptable risk and expense, and we may not be successful in continuing this organic growth. Our ability to identify appropriate markets for expansion, recruit and retain qualified personnel, and fund growth at a reasonable cost depends upon prevailing economic conditions, maintenance of sufficient capital, competitive factors, and changes in banking laws, among other factors. Conversely, if we grow too quickly and are unable to control costs and maintain asset quality, such growth, whether organic or through select acquisitions, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our profitability is vulnerable to interest rate fluctuations. 
 Our profitability depends substantially upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest earned on assets (such as loans and securities held in our investment portfolio) and the interest paid for liabilities (such as interest paid on savings and money market accounts and time deposits). 
 Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated with interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by fluctuations in interest rates. The magnitude and duration of changes in interest rates are events over which we have no control, and such changes may have an adverse effect on our net interest income. Prepayment and early withdrawal levels, which are also impacted by changes in interest rates, can significantly affect our assets and liabilities. For example, an increase in interest rates could, among other things, reduce the demand for loans and decrease loan repayment rates. Such an increase could also adversely affect the ability of our floating-rate borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations, which could in turn lead to an increase in non-performing assets and net charge-offs. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates could affect us by, among other things, leading to greater competition for deposits and incentivizing borrowers to prepay or refinance at lower interest rates their loans more quickly or frequently than they otherwise would. The primary tool that management uses to measure interest rate risk is a simulation model that evaluates the impact of varying levels of prevailing interest rates and the impact on net interest income and the economic value of equity. As of December 31, 2022, this simulation analysis indicated that if prevailing interest rates immediately decreased by 300 basis points, we would expect net interest income to increase by approximately 1.7 million, or 2.0 over the next 12 months, and an increase in the economic value of equity of 81.1 million, or 27.3 . We believe that this is unlikely based on current interest rate levels. Conversely, if prevailing interest rates immediately increased by 300 basis points, we would expect net interest income to decrease by approximately 8.9 million, or 10.5 , over the next 12 months, and a decrease in the economic value of equity of 109.9 million, or 37.0 . However, fluctuations in interest rates affect different classes of income-earning assets differently, and there can be no assurance as to the actual effect on our results of operations should such an increase or decrease occur. 
 
 18 
 
 Generally, the interest rates on our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities do not change at the same rate, to the same extent or on the same basis. Even assets and liabilities with similar maturities or re-pricing periods may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in general market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind changes in general market rates. Certain assets, such as fixed and adjustable rate mortgage loans, have features that limit changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Changes in interest rates could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risk due to increasing interest rates. 
 Beginning March 2020, we were in a low interest rate environment. In March 2020, the target federal funds rate decreased 150 bps to a range of 0.00 to 0.25 and remained at that rate until March 2022, when the Federal Reserve began increasing the target federal funds rate. The Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds rate by 25 bps in March 2022; 50 bps in May 2022; 75 bps in each of June, July, September, and November 2022; and 50 bps in December 2022, resulting in a range of 4.25 to 4.50 as of December 31, 2022. The Federal Reserve has also indicated an intent to raise interest rates additionally in 2023. 
 Our costs of funds may increase as a result of increasing interest rates. Additionally, our deposits may face competitive pressures. Additionally, increasing rates to combat inflation may negatively impact the economies generally, which can impact loan activity. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could negatively impact our business. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by either residential or commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 596.6 million in residential real estate loans and 551.5 million in commercial real estate loans outstanding, representing approximately 33.5 and 31.0 , respectively, of our total loans outstanding on that date. 
 There are significant risks associated with real estate-based lending. Real estate collateral may deteriorate in value during the time that credit is extended, in which case we might not be able to sell such collateral for an amount necessary to satisfy a defaulting borrower s obligation to us. In that event, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, commercial real estate loans are subject to unique risks. These types of loans are often viewed as having more risks than residential real estate or other consumer loans, primarily because relatively large amounts are loans to a relatively small number of borrowers. Thus, the deterioration of even a small number of these loans could cause a significant increase in the loan loss allowance or loan charge-offs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, commercial real estate loans depend on cash flows from the property securing the debt. Cash flows may be affected significantly by general economic conditions and a downturn in a local economy in one of our markets or in occupancy rates where a property is located could increase the likelihood of default. 
 The foregoing risks are enhanced as a result of the limited geographic scope of our principal markets. Most of the real estate securing our loans is located in Alabama. Because the value of this collateral depends upon local real estate market conditions and is affected by, among other things, neighborhood characteristics, real estate tax rates, the cost of operating the properties, and local governmental regulation, adverse changes in any of these factors in Alabama could cause a decline in the value of the collateral securing a significant portion of our loan portfolio. Further, the concentration of real estate collateral in these two markets limits our ability to diversify the risk of such occurrences. 
 The implementation of the Current Expected Credit Loss accounting standard could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued a new accounting standard to replace the methodology under GAAP for establishing allowances for loan and lease losses, which generally considers only past events and current conditions. The new forward-looking methodology reflects the expected credit losses over the lives of financial assets, starting when such assets are first originated or acquired. This standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, became effective for us beginning January 1, 2023. The CECL standard requires us to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of the asset portfolio on loans and held-to-maturity securities, as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. The Company does not currently believe the CECL standard will have a material impact on its accounting. The Company does not anticipate the adoption of the CECL standard to materially affect how we determine allowance for loan losses and will not require us to significantly increase the allowance. Moreover, the CECL standard may create more volatility in the level of the allowance. The impact of adoption will not be significant to the Company's regulatory capital. The Company will finalize the adoption of CECL during the first quarter of 2023. If we are required to materially increase the level of the allowance for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 19 
 
 In addition, from time to time, FASB and the SEC may change other financial accounting and reporting standards, or the interpretation of those standards, that govern the preparation of the Company s financial statements. These changes are beyond the Company s control, can be difficult to predict, and could materially impact how the Company reports its results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any branch expansion into new markets or new lines of business might not be successful. 
 As part of our ongoing strategic plan, we may consider expansion into new geographic markets. Such expansion might take the form of the establishment of de novo branches or the acquisition of existing banks or bank branches. There are considerable costs associated with opening new branches, and new branches generally do not generate sufficient revenues to offset costs until they have been in operation for some time. Additionally, we may consider expansion into new lines of business through the acquisition of third parties or organic growth and development. There are substantial risks associated with such efforts, including risks that (i) revenues from such activities might not be sufficient to offset the development, compliance, and other implementation costs, (ii) branch acquisitions permit the existing customers to move their deposit and loan relationships and such runoff may adversely affect the expected benefits of such expansion; (iii) competing products and services and shifting market preferences might affect the profitability of such activities; and (iv) our internal controls might be inadequate to manage the risks associated with new activities. Furthermore, it is possible that our unfamiliarity with new markets or lines of business might adversely affect the success of such actions. If any such expansions into new geographic or product markets are not successful, there could be an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute stockholder value, and integrating acquired companies may be more difficult, costly, or time-consuming than we expect. 
 Our business strategy focuses on both organic growth and growth through acquisitions of financial institutions located in the southeastern United States. Our pursuit of acquisitions may disrupt our business, and common stock that we issue as merger consideration may have the effect of diluting the value of your investment. We may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of completed acquisitions, although we believe our acquisition of Keystone on December 31, 2015, our acquisition of PSB Bancshares, Inc. (PSB) on October 31, 2018, and our acquisition of Trinity Bancorp, Inc. (Trinity) on October 31, 2019, have been beneficial to us. We anticipate that the integration of other businesses that we acquire in the future may be a time-consuming and expensive process, even if the integration process is effectively planned and implemented. 
 In addition, our acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of significant risks, including the following: 
 incurring time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; 

using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, management, and market risks with respect to the target company or the assets and liabilities that we seek to acquire; 

exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 

intense competition from other banking organizations and other potential acquirers, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do; 

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire, including, without limitation, liabilities for regulatory and compliance issues; 

inability to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits of the acquisition; 

incurring time and expense required to integrate the operations and personnel of the combined businesses; 

inconsistencies in standards, procedures, and policies that would adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees; 

experiencing higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations; 

creating an adverse short-term effect on our results of operations; 

losing key employees and customers; 

significant problems relating to the conversion of the financial and customer data of the entity; 

integration of acquired customers into our financial and customer product systems; 

20 
 
 potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company; or 

risks of marking assets and liabilities to current market values, and possible future impairment of goodwill and other intangibles resulting from acquisition. 

Difficulties arising in the integration process may reduce the expected economic benefits. 
 Our largest loan relationships currently make up a significant percentage of our total loan portfolio. 
 The concentration risk associated with having a small number of extremely large loan relationships is that, if one or more of these relationships were to become delinquent or suffer default, we could be at serious risk of material losses. The allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover losses associated with any of these relationships, and any loss or increase in the allowance would negatively affect our earnings and capital. Even if the loans are collateralized, the large increase in classified assets could harm our reputation with our regulators and inhibit our ability to execute our business plan. 
 Several of our large depositors have relationships with each other, which creates a higher risk that one customer s withdrawal of its deposit could lead to a loss of other deposits from customers within the relationship, which, in turn, could force us to fund our business through more expensive and less stable sources. 
 Several of our large depositors have business, family, or other relationships with each other, which creates a risk that any one customer s withdrawal of its deposit could lead to a loss of other deposits from customers within the relationship. Withdrawals of deposits by any one of our largest depositors or by one of our related customer groups could force us to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding for our business and withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net interest margin and results of operations. We may also be forced, as a result of any withdrawal of deposits, to rely more heavily on other, potentially more expensive and less stable funding sources. Consequently, the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 We have lower lending limits and different lending risks than certain of our larger, more diversified competitors. 
 We are a community banking institution that provides banking services to the local communities in the market areas in which we operate. Our ability to diversify our economic risks is limited by our own local markets and economies. We lend primarily to individuals and to small to medium-sized businesses, which may expose us to greater lending risks than those of banks that lend to larger, better-capitalized businesses with longer operating histories. In addition, our legally mandated lending limits are lower than those of certain of our competitors that have more capital than we do. These lower lending limits may discourage borrowers with lending needs that exceed our limits from doing business with us. We may try to serve such borrowers by selling loan participations to other financial institutions; however, this strategy may not succeed. 
 Because our business success depends significantly on key management personnel, the departure of such personnel could impair operations. 
 We depend heavily upon our senior management team. The loss of the services of a member of our senior management team, or an inability to attract other experienced banking personnel, could adversely affect our business. Some of these adverse effects could include the loss of personal contacts with existing or potential customers, as well as the loss of special technical knowledge, experience, and skills of such individuals who are responsible for our operations. 
 We continually encounter technological change and may have fewer resources than our competitors to continue to invest in technological improvements. 
 The banking and financial services industries are undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to enhancing our service to customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that enhance customer convenience and create additional efficiencies in operations. Many of our competitors have greater resources to invest in technological improvements, and we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, which could reduce our ability to effectively compete. We also rely on software developed by third-party vendors to process various transactions. In some cases, we have contracted with third parties to run their proprietary software on our behalf. These systems include, but are not limited to, general ledger, payroll, employee benefits, loan and deposit processing, and securities portfolio accounting. While we perform a review of controls instituted by the applicable vendors over these programs in accordance with industry standards and perform our own testing of user controls, we must rely on the continued maintenance of controls by these third-party vendors, including safeguards over the security of customer data. 
 21 
 
 We use information technology in our operations and offer online banking services to our customers. Unauthorized access to our technology as a result of a cyber-attack or otherwise could expose us to reputational harm and litigation and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 Information security risks for financial institutions have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. We are under continuous threat of loss due to hacking and cyber-attacks, especially as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize internet and other remote channels to transact business. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers, our plans to continue to provide internet banking and mobile banking channels, and our plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers. Therefore, the secure processing, transmission, and storage of information in connection with our online banking services are critical elements of our operations. However, our network could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other malware, phishing schemes, ransomware or other security failures. In addition, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablet PCs, or other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems in order to access our products and services. Our technologies, systems and networks, and our customers devices, may become the target of cyber-attacks, electronic fraud, or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary, and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our customers or other third parties business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against these threats or to alleviate or investigate problems caused by such threats. To the extent that our activities or the activities of our customers involve the processing, storage, or transmission of confidential customer information, any breaches or unauthorized access to such information could present significant regulatory costs and expose us to litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent these types of security threats could also cause existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation and ability to generate deposits. While we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches to date, we may suffer such losses in the future. The occurrence of any cyber-attack or information security breach could result in potential liability to clients, reputational damage, damage to our competitive position, and the disruption of our operations, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, lead to increased compliance and insurance costs and reduce shareholder value. 
 Risks Related to the Regulation of the Banking Industry 
 We are subject to extensive regulation in the conduct of our business, which imposes additional costs and reduces our profitability. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to federal regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA, and the examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. The Bank is subject to extensive supervision, examination and regulation by the FDIC and Alabama Banking Department. Federal and state regulation of the banking industry, along with tax and accounting laws, regulations, rules, and standards, may limit our operations significantly and control the methods by which we conduct business, as they limit those of other banking organizations. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors, deposit insurance funds, and the banking system as a whole, and not stockholders or other creditors. These regulations affect lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, and overall growth, among other things. For example, federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations limit the manner in which we may offer and extend credit. In addition, the laws governing bankruptcy generally favor debtors, making it more expensive and more difficult to collect from customers who become subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 We also may be required to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations. This allocation of resources, as well as any failure to comply with applicable requirements, may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 22 
 
 Changes in laws, government regulation, and monetary policy may have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 Financial institutions have been the subject of significant legislative and regulatory changes and may be the subject of further significant legislation or regulation in the future, none of which is within our control. New proposals for legislation continue to be introduced in the U.S. Congress that could further substantially increase regulation of the bank and non-bank financial services industries, impose restrictions on the operations and general ability of firms within the industry to conduct business consistent with historical practices, including in the areas of compensation, interest rates, financial product offerings, and disclosures, and have an effect on bankruptcy proceedings with respect to consumer residential real estate mortgages, among other things. Federal and state regulatory agencies also frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. For example, recently the CFPB issued a Request For Information seeking public input on fees imposed by banks on consumer financial products and services (such as NSF fees, overdraft fees and overdraft practices) and has indicated that changes may be forthcoming in this area. Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in their interpretation or implementation by regulators, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could, among other things, subject us to additional costs and lower revenues, limit the types of financial services and products that we may offer, ease restrictions on non-banks and thereby enhance their ability to offer competing financial services and products, increase compliance costs, and require a significant amount of management s time and attention. Failure to comply with statutes, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties, or reputational damage, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions to which we become subject as a result of such examinations could materially and adversely affect us. 
 The Bank is subject to supervision and regulation by banking agencies that periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations specifically, RB T is subject to examination by the FDIC and the Alabama Banking Department. Accommodating such examinations may require management to reallocate resources, which would otherwise be used in the day-to-day operation of other aspects of our business. If, as a result of an examination, any such banking agency was to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, allowance for loan losses, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we or our management were in violation of any law or regulation, such banking agency may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against us, our officers, or directors, to remove officers and directors, and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance. If we become subject to such a regulatory action, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, including as a result of potential increased minimum capital thresholds established by regulators, but that capital may not be available when it is needed or may be dilutive to stockholders. 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate capital levels to support our operations. New regulations implementing minimum capital standards could require financial institutions to maintain higher minimum capital ratios and may place a greater emphasis on common equity as a component of Tier 1 capital, which consists generally of shareholders equity and qualifying preferred stock, less certain goodwill items and other intangible assets. In order to support our operations and comply with regulatory standards, we may need to raise capital in the future. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, on our financial performance. Institutions that seek acquisitions are expected to maintain capital substantially above regulatory minimums. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on favorable terms. The capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in recent years. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, and we could be subject to regulatory enforcement action, including receivership. Furthermore, our issuance of additional shares of our common stock could dilute the economic ownership interest of our stockholders. 
 
 23 
 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief and restrictions on mergers and acquisitions, expansion and entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. 
 We are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations, and any deemed deficiency by us with respect to these laws could result in significant liability. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti- money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports when appropriate. In addition to other bank regulatory agencies, the federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the state and federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury regarding, among other things, the prohibition of transacting business with, and the need to freeze assets of, certain persons and organizations identified as a threat to the national security, foreign policy, or economy of the United States. If we are deemed deficient in these areas, we could be subject to fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us as well as a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 An active, liquid market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained, which may impair your ability to sell your shares. 
 There is currently no public market for our common stock. If an active trading market does not develop, you may not be able to sell your shares at the volume, prices, and times desired. To the extent there is trading in our common stock, the trading is in privately negotiated transactions at times and at prices of which we are sometimes unaware. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be subject to various influences, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the volumes, prices, and times desired. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, financial condition, or asset quality; 

market conditions in the broader stock market in general, or in our industry in particular; 

publication of research reports about us, our competitors, or the bank and non-bank financial services industries generally, or changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing of coverage; 

future issuances of our common stock or other securities; 

significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by or involving our competitors or us; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

24 
 
 trades of large blocks of our stock; 

economic and political conditions or events; 

regulatory developments; and 

other news, announcements, or disclosures (whether by us or others) related to us, our competitors, our core markets, or the bank and non-bank financial services industries. 

These and other factors may cause the market price and any demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders in the future. 
 The holders of our common stock will receive dividends if and when declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Any future determination relating to the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including the future earnings of RB T, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, regulatory restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 River Financial Corporation's principal business operations are conducted through RB T. Cash available to pay dividends to our stockholders is derived primarily, if not entirely, from dividends paid by our bank to us. The ability of RB T to pay dividends to us, as well as our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, will continue to be subject to, and limited by, certain legal and regulatory restrictions. Further, any lenders making loans to us may impose financial covenants that may be more restrictive with respect to dividend payments than the regulatory requirements. Federal and state banking laws restrict the payment of dividends by banks to their holding companies, and RB T is subject to these restrictions in paying dividends to us. Because our ability to receive dividends or loans from RB T is restricted, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is also restricted. 
 Shares of our common stock are not insured deposits and may lose value. 
 Shares of our common stock are not savings or deposit accounts and are not insured by the FDIC s DIF, or any other agency or private entity. Such shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of some or all of the value of your investment. 
 The laws that regulate our operations are designed for the protection of depositors and the public, not our stockholders. 
 The federal and state banking laws and regulations applicable to our operations give regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement responsibilities, and generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and the FDIC s DIF and not for the purpose of protecting stockholders. 
 
 25 
 
 We have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets, including our stock in RB T, to secure that debt. 
 We have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets to secure that debt. Absent special and unusual circumstances, a holder of indebtedness for borrowed money has rights that are superior to those of holders of common stock. For example, interest must be paid to the lender before dividends can be paid to the stockholders, and loans must be paid off before any assets can be distributed to stockholders if we were to liquidate. Furthermore, we would have to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, which could reduce our profitability or result in net losses on a consolidated basis. 
 General Risk Factors 
 A return of recessionary conditions could result in increases in our level of nonperforming loans and/or reduced demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Economic recession or other economic problems, including those affecting our markets and regions, but also those affecting the U.S. or world economies, could have a material adverse impact on our loan production and performance. If economic conditions deteriorate, or if there are negative developments affecting the domestic and international credit markets, the value of our loans and investments may be harmed, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we would benefit from any market growth or favorable economic conditions, either in our primary market areas or nationally, even if they do occur. 
 Difficult conditions in the market for financial products and services may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Dramatic declines in the housing market during recent years, along with increasing foreclosures and unemployment, resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities and major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of mortgage-backed securities but spreading to credit default swaps and other derivative securities, caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions, and, in some cases, to fail. This market turmoil and tightening of credit led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility, and widespread reduction of business activity generally. Although conditions have improved, a return of these trends could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Negative market developments may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which may impact our charge-offs and provisions for loan and credit losses. Economic deterioration that affects household and/or corporate incomes could also result in reduced demand for credit or our fee-based products and services. 
 External economic factors, such as changes in monetary policy and inflation and deflation, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve, could lead to inflation, deflation, or other economic phenomena that could adversely affect our financial performance. The primary impact of inflation on our operations most likely will be reflected in increased operating costs. Conversely, deflation generally will tend to erode collateral values and diminish loan quality. Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than general levels of inflation or deflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or by the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. 
 Market interest rates for loans, investments, and deposits are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control. 
 Generally, interest rate spreads (the difference between interest rates earned on assets and interest rates paid on liabilities) have narrowed in recent years as a result of changing market conditions, policies of various government and regulatory authorities, and competitive pricing pressures, and we cannot predict whether these rate spreads will narrow even further. This narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict whether interest rates will continue to remain at present levels. Changes in interest rates may cause significant changes, up or down, in our net interest income. An increase in interest rates could have a negative effect on the value of our investment securities portfolio. 
 We attempt to minimize the adverse effects of changes in interest rates by structuring our asset-liability composition in order to obtain the maximum spread between interest income and interest expense. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in minimizing the adverse effects of changes in interest rates. Depending on our portfolio of loans and investments, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
 26 
 
 We could suffer losses from a decline in the credit quality of the assets that we hold. 
 We could sustain losses if borrowers, guarantors, and related parties fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. We have adopted underwriting and credit monitoring procedures and policies that we believe are appropriate to minimize this risk, including the establishment and review of the allowance for credit losses, periodic assessment of the likelihood of nonperformance, tracking loan performance, and diversifying our credit portfolio. These policies and procedures, however, may not prevent unexpected losses that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In particular, we face credit quality risks presented by past, current, and potential economic and real estate market conditions. 
 Our allowance for estimated loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, which may require us to take a charge to earnings and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We maintain an allowance for estimated loan losses that we believe is adequate to absorb any probable losses in our loan portfolio. Management determines the amount of the allowance based upon an analysis of general market conditions, credit quality of our loan portfolio and performance of our customers relative to their financial obligations with us. We periodically evaluate the loan portfolio for risk grading, which can result in changes in our allowance. The amount of future losses is affected by changes in economic, operating, and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, which may be beyond our control, and such losses may exceed the allowance for estimated loan losses. Although we believe that our allowance for estimated loan losses is adequate to absorb any probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible, there can be no assurance that the allowance will prove sufficient to cover actual loan losses in the future. If actual losses exceed the estimate, the excess losses could adversely affect our net income and capital. Such excess could also lead to larger allowances for loan losses in future periods, which could in turn adversely affect new income and capital in those periods. If economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in the estimate, or if the performance of our loan portfolio deteriorates, future losses may occur, and increases in the allowance may be necessary, either of which would have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, federal banking regulators, as part of their supervisory function, periodically review the adequacy of our allowance for estimated loan losses. These agencies may require us to establish additional allowances based on their judgment of the information available at the time of their examinations. If these regulatory agencies require us to increase the allowance for estimated loan losses, it would have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our liquidity needs might adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The primary sources of funds for the Bank are customer deposits and loan repayments. Loan repayments are subject to the credit risks described above. In addition, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including interest rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, returns available to customers on alternative investments, and general economic conditions. Therefore, RB T may be required to rely from time to time on secondary sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations or support growth. RB T has lines of credit in place with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and correspondent banks that we believe are adequate to meet the Banks liquidity needs. However, there can be no assurance that these arrangements will be sufficient to meet future liquidity needs, particularly if loan demand grows faster than anticipated. 
 
 27 
 
 W e operate in a highly competitive industry and face significant competition from other financial institutions and financial services providers, which may decrease our growth or profits. 
 Consumer and commercial banking are highly competitive industries. Our market areas contain not only a large number of community and regional banks, but also a significant presence of the country s largest commercial banks. We compete with other state and national financial institutions, as well as savings and loan associations, savings banks, and credit unions, for deposits and loans. In addition, we compete with financial intermediaries, such as consumer finance companies, commercial finance companies, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, securities firms, mutual funds, and several government agencies, as well as major retailers, all actively engaged in providing various types of loans and other financial services. Some of these competitors may have a long history of successful operations in our market areas and greater ties to local businesses and more expansive banking relationships, as well as more established depositor bases, fewer regulatory constraints, and lower cost structures than we do. Competitors with greater resources may possess an advantage through their ability to maintain numerous banking locations in more convenient sites, to conduct more extensive promotional and advertising campaigns, or to operate a more developed technology platform. Due to their size, many competitors may offer a broader range of products and services, as well as better pricing for certain products and services than we can offer. For example, in the current low interest rate environment, competitors with lower costs of capital may solicit our customers to refinance their loans with a lower interest rate. Further, increased competition among financial services companies due to the recent consolidation of certain competing financial institutions may adversely affect our ability to market our products and services. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for banks to compete in our market areas without a retail footprint by offering competitive rates, and for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. 
 There has been an increasing trend of credit unions acquiring banks. Credit unions are tax-exempt entities which provides an advantage when pricing loans and deposits. The acquisition of banks by credit unions will allow for more rapid growth and increased competition. Further, credit unions could provide enhanced competition as we evaluate and pursue acquisition targets. 
 The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory, and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms, and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting), and merchant banking. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to develop, maintain, and build upon long-term customer relationships based on quality service and high ethical standards; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to operate our business effectively; 

our ability to expand our market position; 

the scope, relevance, and pricing of products and services that we offer to meet customer needs and demands; 

the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 

customer satisfaction with our level of service; and 

industry and general economic trends. 

Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability, which, in turn, could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 28 
 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics, epidemics, acts of war or terrorism or other external events could have significant effects on our business. 
 Severe weather and natural disasters, including hurricanes, tornados, drought and floods, epidemics and pandemics, acts of war or terrorism or other external events could have a significant effect on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. Although management has established disaster recovery and business continuity policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The SEC and federal bank regulators have also recently updated their guidance for pandemics, which may cause us to change our operations and business continuity efforts. 
 The coronavirus or COVID-19 pandemic, trade wars, tariffs, and similar events and disputes, domestic and international, have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect economic activity globally, nationally and locally. Such events also may adversely affect business and consumer confidence, generally. We and our customers, and our respective suppliers, vendors and processors may be adversely affected. Any such adverse changes may adversely affect our profitability, growth, asset quality and financial condition. 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our headquarters and the main office of RB T is located at 2611 Legends Drive, Prattville, Alabama 36066. Including the main office, RB T operates eighteen branches with drive-through and/or ATM service. 
 The following table summarizes pertinent details of the Company s main and banking offices as of December 31, 2022: 

Office Address 
 
 Owned/Leased 

2611 Legends Drive 
 
 Owned 

Prattville, AL 36066 

612 South Memorial Drive 
 
 Leased 

Prattville, AL 36067 

7075 Halcyon Park Drive 
 
 Leased 

Montgomery, AL 36117 

309 Maxwell Boulevard 
 
 Leased 

Montgomery, AL 36104 

10 Cambridge Drive 
 
 Owned 

Wetumpka, AL 36092 

3617 U.S. Highway 280 
 
 Owned 

Alexander City, AL 35010 

2394 East University Drive 
 
 Owned 

Auburn, AL 36830 

1804 Thomason Drive 
 
 Owned 

Opelika, AL 36801 

244 South 3rd Street Gadsden, AL 35901 
 
 Owned 

3111 Alabama Highway 14 Millbrook, AL 36054 
 
 Owned 

29 

620 Second Avenue North Clanton, AL 35046 
 
 Owned 

2040 7 th Street South Clanton, AL 35045 
 
 Owned 

1301 US-98 Daphne, AL 36526 
 
 Owned 

1479 West Main Street Dothan, AL 36302 
 
 Owned 

3850 West Main Street Dothan, AL 36305 
 
 Owned 

306 South Main Street Enterprise, AL 36330 
 
 Owned 

4630 Bit and Spur Road Mobile, AL 36608 
 
 Leased 

254 Moulton Street East Decatur, AL 35601 
 
 Leased 

1192 South Donahue Drive Auburn, AL 36830 
 
 Owned 

401 Holmes Avenue Huntsville, AL 35801 
 
 Leased 

33 Shell Street, Suite 33 Saraland, AL 36571 
 
 Leased 

1425 Montgomery Highway, Suite 151 Vestavia Hills, AL 35216 
 
 Leased 

We believe that our banking offices are in good condition and are suitable to our needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time to time the Company is a party to legal proceedings. At the present time the Company is not part of any proceeding which the Company deems to be material. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 30 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market for Our Common Stock 
 There is currently no established public trading market for shares of our common stock. We do not make a market in our securities, nor do we attempt to negotiate prices for trades of such securities. When made, sales are normally undertaken in privately negotiated transactions, sometimes at prices of which we are unaware. As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 1,009 registered holders of our common stock. 
 
 The last known privately negotiated trade of our common stock of which management is aware occurred on February 28, 2023 at a price of 38.00 per share. During the last year we are aware of privately negotiated trades of stock with prices ranging from 26.78 to 39.00 per share. The trades at the lower end of the range involved smaller numbers of shares that were traded over-the-counter on the pink sheets. The weighted average trade price for the year was 34.18. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information about River Financial Corporation s shares of common stock that may be issued upon exercise of options, warrants, and rights under all of our existing equity compensation plans as of March 1, 2023. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in the First Column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by Security Holders (1) 

18,500 

15.19 

- 

Equity compensation plans approved by Security Holders (2) 

308,979 

25.46 

156,000 

Total 

327,479 

(1) These shares reserved for issuance under the 2006 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. 

(2) These shares reserved for issuance under the 2015 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. 

For a further description of these and other plans, see footnote (12) to the financial statements at Item 8 hereof, and Item 11 hereof. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 In 2022 and 2021, the Company sold 27,428 and 47,846 shares of its common stock for a cash total of approximately 978 thousand and 1.4 million, respectively, to its employee stock ownership plan. The Company relied upon exemptions from registration under SEC 147A. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 We made no repurchases of our equity securities, and no affiliated purchasers (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) purchased any shares of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Dividends 
 The holders of our common stock receive dividends if and when declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Any future determination of the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, regulatory restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We expect future dividends to be paid on a comparable basis. 
 31 
 
 We are subject to the Federal Reserve s policies restricting bank holding companies from declaring or paying cash dividends. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce the bank holding company s dividends if (i) its net income available to stockholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (ii) its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition, or (iii) it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Our failure to do so could result in the Federal Reserve finding that we are operating in an unsafe and unsound manner. 
 Our ability to pay dividends is dependent on the ability of our Banks to pay dividends to us. RB T s ability to pay dividends on its common stock to us without regulatory approval is limited by banking laws to its retained net income available to holders of its common stock to date for the then current fiscal year, plus retained net income from the prior two fiscal years. 
 Should the Banks be significantly undercapitalized under the applicable federal bank capital standards, or if the Bank is undercapitalized and has failed to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan or has materially failed to implement such a plan, the FDIC may choose to require us to receive prior approval for any capital distribution from the Federal Reserve. In addition, the Banks generally are prohibited from making a capital distribution if it would cause them to be undercapitalized under applicable federal bank capital standards. 
 The dividends paid per share on common stock for 2022 and 2021 were 0.44 cents per share and 0.40 cents per share respectively, and we expect comparable dividends to be paid in 2023. 
 32 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

Years Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share information) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Summary of Operations: 

Total interest income 

88,874 

71,798 

Total interest expense 

9,985 

5,649 

Net interest income 

78,889 

66,149 

Provision for loan losses 

3,840 

4,744 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

75,049 

61,405 

Noninterest income 

12,241 

14,542 

Noninterest expense 

51,413 

43,748 

Income before income taxes 

35,877 

32,199 

Income tax expense 

7,948 

7,163 

Net income 

27,929 

25,036 

Share and per common share data: 

Basic net income per share 

4.21 

3.83 

Diluted net income per share 

4.14 

3.79 

Common equity per common share outstanding 

20.76 

27.81 

Tangible common equity per common share outstanding 

19.59 

27.13 

Dividends per common share 

0.44 

0.40 

Actual common shares outstanding 

6,656,386 

6,568,285 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

6,641,358 

6,537,505 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

6,749,424 

6,613,227 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Total assets 

2,833,382 

2,395,680 

Securities 

797,468 

926,941 

Loans, net of unearned income 

1,803,127 

1,266,665 

Allowance for loan losses 

24,310 

20,922 

Deposits 

2,514,199 

2,151,177 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

8,181 

9,754 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

95,000 

- 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

25,000 

- 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

39,419 

39,344 

Total stockholders equity 

134,026 

179,562 

Average total assets 

2,541,665 

2,173,282 

Average loans 

1,486,478 

1,217,901 

Average interest earning assets 

2,312,198 

2,036,175 

Average deposits 

2,319,182 

1,942,034 

Average interest bearing deposits 

1,660,532 

1,395,136 

Average interest bearing liabilities 

1,725,007 

1,442,187 

Average total stockholders equity 

146,247 

176,314 

33 
 
 SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Selected Financial Ratios: 

(ratios are annualized where applicable) 

Return on average assets 

1.10 

1.15 

Return on average equity 

19.10 

14.20 

Average equity to average total assets 

5.75 

8.11 

Dividend payout (1) 

10.45 

10.43 

Efficiency ratio (2) 

56.42 

54.22 

Net interest margin (3) 

3.41 

3.25 

Net interest spread (4) 

3.30 

3.17 

Capital Ratios: 

Tier 1 leverage ratio (5) 

8.12 

8.01 

Common equity tier 1 (CET1) risk-based capital (5) 

11.06 

12.82 

Tier 1 risk-based capital (5) 

11.06 

12.82 

Total risk-based capital (5) 

12.30 

14.07 

Asset Quality Ratios: 

(ratios are annualized where applicable) 

Net charge-offs to average loans 

0.03 

0.05 

Allowance to period end loans 

1.35 

1.65 

Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 

1627.18 

920.86 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

0.07 

0.11 

Other Data: 

Banking locations 

22 

18 

Full-time equivalent employees 

312 

270 

(1) Dividend payout ratio is dividends divided by net income. 

(2) Efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income before the provision for loan losses plus noninterest income. 

(3) Net interest margin is net interest income divided by average interest earning assets. 

(4) Net interest spread is the difference between the weighted average yield on interest earning assets and the average effective rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. 

(5) Capital ratios presented are bank only ratios. 

34 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this document. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements 
 The following discussion pertains to our historical results, on a consolidated basis. However, because we conduct all of our material business operations through our subsidiaries, the discussion and analysis relates to activities primarily conducted at the subsidiary level. 
 All dollar amounts in the tables in this section are in thousands of dollars, except per share data or when specifically identified. 
 Current Developments regarding COVID-19 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the potential adverse effects it may have on our customers, including our loan and depositor relationships, we are assessing how such developments could affect our business and operations. We have taken the following steps to operate in an environment that is safe for both our employees and customers (and the public in general) and have implemented guidelines and programs to assist our customers and help ensure the safe and sound operation of our bank. 
 Daily Operations 
 We have established social distancing policies in keeping with federal and state of Alabama guidelines to help ensure the health of our employees. To the extent possible, we have encouraged our employees to work from home remotely, and we believe such steps have been welcomed by, and helpful to, our employees. 

Currently, our lobbies at our main office and branches and public areas are open to walk-in business and other in-person visits by customers. Among other things, customers may have in-person meetings at our facilities, consistent with social distancing policies, including customers who may wish to have access to their safe deposit boxes. We have installed plexiglass in lobby areas for employees that have regular contact with customers and masks are available for both employees and customers as needed. 

Our drive through facilities at all our locations remain open for customer service, and we believe that the drive-through option for customers has worked well. All of our ATM locations are operative. 

We expect to continue with the foregoing procedures until both the federal and state guidance provides comfort that a return to a more normal operation environment is advisable and we, too, are comfortable with such return. 
 Participation in Government Programs 
 We are participating in several government programs designed to assist customers, to bolster the economy and to provide protection for the Bank. 
 
 35 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program 
 The Bank participated as a lender in the Small Business Administration s (SBA) Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) as established by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. The PPP was established under the CARES Act to provide unsecured low interest rate loans to small businesses that were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The PPP loans are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. The loans have a fixed interest rate of 1 and payments of interest and principal are deferred until the earlier of the date SBA remits the forgiveness amount to the lender, the forgiveness application is denied, or if no forgiveness application is filed, ten months from the end of the covered period. If originated before June 5, 2020, loans matured two years from origination and if origination occurred after June 5, 2020, loans mature five years from origination. PPP loans are forgiven by the SBA (which makes forgiveness payments directly to the lender) to the extent the borrower used the proceeds of the loan for certain purposes (primarily to fund payroll costs) during a certain time period following origination and maintained certain employee and compensation levels. Lenders receive processing fees from the SBA for originating the PPP loans which were based on a percentage of the loan amount. On December 27, 2020, legislation was enacted that renewed the PPP and allocated additional appropriations for both new first time PPP loans under the existing PPP and second draw PPP loans for certain eligible borrowers that had previously received a PPP loan. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has made approximately 3,995 PPP loans in the aggregate amount of approximately 251.5 million with approximately 781 thousand still outstanding. 
 Our Business 
 We are a bank holding company headquartered in Prattville, Alabama. We operate one subsidiary bank River Bank and Trust RB T or the Bank ). Through the Bank, we provide a broad array of financial services to businesses, business owners and professionals through twenty-one full-service banking offices in Alabama. 
 Segments 
 While our chief decision makers monitor the revenue streams of the various banking products and services, operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the Company s banking operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. Because the overall banking operations comprise substantially all of the consolidated operations, no separate segment disclosures are presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 36 
 
 Overview of 2022 Results 
 Our net income was 27.9 million in 2022, compared with 25.0 million in 2021. The largest contributing factors leading to the increase in net income and other highlights include the following: Average interest earning assets in 2022 were 2.31 billion compared to 2.04 billion in 2021. The higher level of interest earning assets led to an increase in net interest income from 66.1 million in 2021 to 78.9 million in 2022. 

Average loans outstanding in 2022 were 1.49 billion, approximately 22.05 higher than 1.22 billion in average loans outstanding in 2021. The higher average balance for total loans outstanding was the primary reason for the increase of 12.8 million in our net interest income. Organic growth and entry into in new markets were reasons for the increase in average loans outstanding. 

The effective yield on our loan portfolio decreased from 5.07 in 2021 to 4.91 in 2022. The decrease in the yield was mainly attributable to the Paycheck Protection Program loans that remained on the books during 2022 which carry an interest rate of 1.00 which is well below the average yield on other loans. 

Average total investment securities in 2022 were 789.7 million compared to 723.2 million in 2021. In the first quarter of the year, deposits outpaced loan growth with excess cash being deployed to purchase investment securities. In the last three quarters of 2022, any excess cash was used to fund our robust loan growth. 

Average non-interest bearing deposits grew from 546.9 million in 2021 to 658.7 million in 2022. The increase resulted from organic growth as well as the influx of liquidity from government stimulus. 

Our higher net interest income was partially offset by higher operating expenses, which grew to 51.4 million in 2022 from 43.7 million in 2021. The increase in noninterest expense came from organic growth with most of the increase in salaries and employee benefits. 

Our noninterest income decreased from 14.5 million in 2021 to 12.2 million in 2022. The decrease primarily resulted from a decrease in income from mortgage operations due to higher interest rates in 2022. 

37 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the application of certain accounting policies, the most significant of which are described in RFC s Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of these policies require numerous estimates and strategic or economic assumptions that may prove inaccurate or subject to variation and may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the current period or future periods. The use of estimates, assumptions, and judgment is necessary when financial assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect fair value. Assets carried at fair value inherently result in more financial statement volatility. Fair values and information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities are based on quoted market prices or are provided by other independent third-party sources, when available. When such information is not available, management estimates valuation adjustments. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions or estimates in any of these areas could have a material impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 The following briefly describes the more complex policies involving a significant amount of judgments about valuation and the application of complex accounting standards and interpretations. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 We record estimated probable inherent credit losses in the loan portfolio as an allowance for loan losses. The methodologies and assumptions for determining the adequacy of the overall allowance for loan losses involve significant judgments to be made by management. Some of the more critical judgments supporting RFC s allowance for loan losses include judgments about: creditworthiness of borrowers, estimated value of underlying collateral, assumptions about cash flow, determination of loss factors for estimated credit losses, and the impact of current events, conditions, and other factors impacting the level of inherent losses. Under different conditions or using different assumptions, the actual or estimated credit losses ultimately realized by RFC may be different than management s estimates provided in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. For a more complete discussion of the methodology employed to calculate the allowance for loan losses, see Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included elsewhere in this document. 
 
 Investment Securities Impairment 
 Periodically, we assess whether there have been any events or economic circumstances to indicate that a security on which there is an unrealized loss is impaired on an other-than-temporary basis. In such instance, we would consider many factors, including the severity and duration of the impairment, our intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient for a recovery in value, recent events specific to the issuer or industry, and for debt securities, external credit ratings and recent downgrades. Securities on which there is an unrealized loss that is deemed to be other-than-temporary are written down to fair value. The credit portion of the impairment, if any, is recognized as a realized loss in current earnings. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed using the asset and liability method, which recognizes a liability or asset representing the tax effects, based on current tax law, of future deductible or taxable amounts attributable to events recognized in the financial statements. A valuation allowance may be established to the extent necessary to reduce the deferred tax asset to a level at which it is more likely than not that the tax assets or benefits will be realized. Realization of tax benefits depends on having sufficient taxable income, available tax loss carrybacks or credits, the reversing of taxable temporary differences and/or tax planning strategies within the reversal period and that current tax law allows for the realization of recorded tax benefits. 
 Business Combinations 
 Assets purchased and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded at their fair value. The fair value of a loan portfolio acquired in a business combination requires greater levels of management estimates and judgment than the remainder of purchased assets or assumed liabilities. On the date of acquisition, when the loans have evidence of credit deterioration since origination and it is probable at the date of acquisition that the Company will not collect all contractually required principal and interest payments, the difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the non-accretable difference. We must estimate expected cash flows at each reporting date. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses. Subsequent increases in cash flows result in a reversal of the provision for loan losses to the extent of prior charges and adjusted accretable yield which will have a positive impact on interest income. In addition, purchased loans without evidence of credit deterioration are also handled under this method. 
 
 38 
 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following is a narrative discussion and analysis of significant changes in our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Net Income 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our net income was 27.9 million, compared to 25.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 11.56 . The primary reason for the increase in net income in 2022 compared to 2021 was an increase in net interest income from 66.1 million in 2021 to 78.9 million in 2022 for an increase of 12.8 million, or 19.26 . Our net interest margin increased from 3.25 in 2021 to 3.41 in 2022. Loans also increased slightly as a percentage of total interest earning assets to 64.3 in 2022 compared to 59.8 in 2021. 
 Noninterest income decreased from 14.5 million in 2021 to 12.2 million in 2022, or -15.82 . The decrease resulted from an increase in losses on sales of investment securities and a decrease in income from mortgage operations. 
 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin Analysis 
 The largest component of our net income is net interest income the difference between the income earned on interest-earning assets and the interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds used to support our assets. Net interest income divided by average earning assets represents our net interest margin. The major factors that affect net interest income and net interest margin are changes in volumes, the yield on interest-earning assets, and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Our margin can also be affected by economic conditions, the competitive environment, loan demand, and deposit flow. Our ability to respond to changes in these factors by using effective asset-liability management techniques is critical to maintaining the stability of the net interest margin and our primary source of earnings. 
 39 
 
 The following table shows, for the years 2022 and 2021, the average balance of each principal category of our assets and liabilities and the average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities. Such yields and costs are calculated by dividing income or expense by the average daily balances of the associated assets or liabilities. 
 AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS NET INTEREST INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/Rate 

Interest earning assets 

Loans 

1,486,478 

72,970 

4.91 

1,217,901 

61,808 

5.07 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

11,480 

347 

3.02 

23,144 

442 

1.91 

Investment securities: 

Taxable securities 

713,652 

13,679 

1.92 

627,642 

7,409 

1.18 

Tax-exempt securities 

76,013 

2,287 

3.01 

95,545 

2,745 

2.87 

Interest bearing balances in other banks 

23,196 

314 

1.35 

61,238 

134 

0.22 

Federal funds sold 

1,379 

2 

0.15 

10,705 

26 

0.24 

Total interest earning assets 

2,312,198 

89,599 

3.88 

2,036,175 

72,564 

3.56 

Interest bearing liabilities 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

547,713 

1,153 

0.21 

459,228 

382 

0.08 

Savings and money market accounts 

805,320 

3,338 

0.41 

650,394 

1,432 

0.22 

Time deposits 

307,499 

3,310 

1.08 

285,514 

2,221 

0.78 

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

9,136 

46 

0.50 

10,847 

11 

0.10 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

8,849 

184 

2.08 

- 

- 

0.00 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

5,890 

231 

3.92 

- 

- 

0.00 

Federal funds purchased 

1,215 

44 

3.62 

11 

- 

0.00 

Note payable 

- 

- 

0.00 

3,229 

222 

6.88 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

39,385 

1,679 

4.26 

32,964 

1,381 

4.19 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

1,725,007 

9,985 

0.58 

1,442,187 

5,649 

0.39 

Noninterest-bearing funding of earning assets 

587,191 

- 

0.00 

593,988 

- 

0.00 

Total cost of funding earning assets 

2,312,198 

9,985 

0.43 

2,036,175 

5,649 

0.28 

Net interest rate spread 

3.30 

3.17 

Net interest income/margin (taxable equivalent) 

79,614 

3.45 

66,915 

3.28 

Tax equivalent adjustment 

(725) 

(766) 

Net interest income/margin 

78,889 

3.41 

66,149 

3.25 

Comparison of net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net interest income increased 12.8 million, or 19.26 , to 78.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 66.1 million for 2021. The increase was due to an increase in interest income of 17.1 million, resulting from higher levels of loan volume. The increase in interest income was primarily due to a 22.05 increase in average loans outstanding during 2022 compared to 2021. The resulting net interest margin increased to 3.41 for 2022 from 3.25 for 2021. During 2022, non-interest bearing deposits averaged 658.7 million, compared to 546.9 million during 2021, an increase of 111.8 million, or 20.43 . The average cost of funds also increased from 0.39 in 2021 to 0.58 in 2022. 
 Interest-earning assets averaged 2.31 billion for 2022, compared to 2.04 billion for 2021, an increase of 276.0 million, or 13.56 . Average loans increased 268.6 million during 2022 to 1.49 billion from 1.22 billion in 2021. The mix of average earning assets also shifted from investment securities to loans. As a percentage of average total earning assets, average loans increased from 59.8 in 2021 to 64.3 in 2022. The yield on average interest-earning assets increased 32 basis points to 3.88 during 2022, compared to 3.56 for 2021. The yield on earning assets increased primarily due to the increase in interest rates from 2021 to 2022 . During 2022, loan yields decreased 16 basis points to 4.91 , but that was offset by significant growth in loan average volume. 
 
 40 
 
 Interest-bearing liabilities averaged 1.73 billion for 2022, compared to 1.44 billion for 2021, an increase of 282.8 million. The increase in average volume occurred from organic growth as well as the influx of liquidity from government stimulus. The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was 0.58 for 2022, compared to 0.39 for 2021. During recent years, we have benefited from the historically low interest rates and repriced time deposits at maturity at the lower current market rates, and we have also lowered rates on other deposit accounts to lower market rates where possible. However, the increase in total interest expense from 5.6 million in 2021 to 10.0 million in 2022 was mainly attributable to the steady increase in our cost of funds as a result of market conditions where deposit rates had to be increased to keep up with market demands. 
 The following table reflects, for the years 2022 and 2021, the changes in our net interest income due to changes in the volume of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the associated rates earned or paid on the assets and liabilities. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Volume 

Variance due to Yield/Rate 

Total 

Interest earning assets 

Loans 

13,540 

(2,378) 

11,162 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

(222) 

127 

(95) 

Investment securities: 

Taxable securities 

989 

5,281 

6,270 

Tax-exempt securities 

(564) 

106 

(458) 

Interest bearing balances in other banks 

(82) 

262 

180 

Federal funds sold 

(23) 

(1) 

(24) 

Total interest earning assets 

13,638 

3,397 

17,035 

Interest bearing liabilities 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

71 

700 

771 

Savings and money market accounts 

341 

1,565 

1,906 

Time deposits 

171 

918 

1,089 

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

(2) 

37 

35 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

- 

184 

184 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

- 

231 

231 

Federal funds purchased 

- 

44 

44 

Note payable 

(222) 

- 

(222) 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

269 

29 

298 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

628 

3,708 

4,336 

Net interest income 

Net interest income (taxable equivalent) 

13,010 

(311) 

12,699 

Taxable equivalent adjustment 

74 

(33) 

41 

Net interest income 

13,084 

(344) 

12,740 

Provision for Loan Losses 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for loan losses of 3.8 million compared to 4.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the provision for loan losses resulted from the fact that potential credit concerns as a result of the pandemic did not materialize. Net loan charge-offs decreased from 625 thousand in 2021 to 452 thousand in 2022. The allowance for loan losses is increased by a provision for loan losses, which is a charge to earnings, and is decreased by charge-offs and increased by loan recoveries. In determining the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, we consider our historical loan loss experience, the general economic environment, the overall portfolio composition, and other information. As these factors change, the level of loan loss provision changes. When individual loans are evaluated for impairment, and impairment is deemed necessary, the impaired portion of the loan amount is generally charged off. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 605 thousand and 424 thousand of our allowance was related to impaired loans, respectively. 
 
 41 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 In addition to net interest margin, we generate other types of recurring noninterest income from our operations. Our banking operations generate revenue from service charges and fees on deposit accounts. We have a mortgage division that generates revenue from originating and selling mortgages and from the sale of non-deposit investment products through an arrangement with a registered broker-dealer with which we have a revenue-sharing arrangement. In addition to these types of recurring noninterest income, the Bank owns insurance on several key employees and records income on the increase in the cash surrender value of these policies. 
 The following table sets forth the principal components of noninterest income for the periods indicated. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Service charges and fees 

6,814 

5,922 

Investment brokerage revenue 

643 

285 

Mortgage operations 

4,739 

7,389 

Bank owned life insurance income 

1,226 

1,139 

Net gains (losses) on sale of investment securities 

(2,066) 

(608) 

Other noninterest income 

885 

415 

Total noninterest income 

12,241 

14,542 

Noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12.2 million and 14.5 million, respectively. The primary reason for the decrease in noninterest income was from the decrease in income from our mortgage operations and increase in losses on sales of investment securities. Service charges and fees continued to be one of our largest sources of noninterest income in 2022 with 6.8 million compared to 5.9 million in 2021. These service charges and fees are primarily generated by checking and savings accounts. Our mortgage operations produced noninterest income in 2022 of 4.7 million compared to 7.4 million in 2021. The significant decrease in mortgage operations revenue was due to higher mortgage rates than in previous years. 
 Noninterest expense 
 Our total noninterest expense increase reflects our continued growth, as well as the expansion of our operational framework, employee expansion, and facility expansion, as we build the foundation to support our recent and future growth. We believe that some of our overhead costs will reduce as a percentage of our revenue as we grow and gain operating leverage by spreading these costs over a larger revenue base. 
 The following table presents the primary components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Salaries and employee benefits 

30,758 

27,190 

Occupancy expenses 

2,946 

2,428 

Equipment rentals, depreciation, and maintenance 

1,596 

1,118 

Telephone and communications 

469 

662 

Advertising and business development 

1,131 

764 

Data processing 

3,992 

3,268 

Foreclosed assets, net 

(2) 

(72) 

Federal deposit insurance and other regulatory assessments 

1,324 

1,298 

Legal and other professional services 

809 

841 

Other operating expense 

8,390 

6,251 

Total noninterest expense 

51,413 

43,748 

Noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 51.4 million and 43.7 million, respectively, an increase of 7.7 million, or 17.52 . The largest component of noninterest expense was salaries and employee benefits. Salaries and benefits increased approximately 3.6 million mainly due to the addition of new employees across our seven regions and an expanding mortgage department. The increase in other operating expense was due to the growth in new markets during the year. 
 
 42 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 Income tax expense of 7.9 million and 7.2 million was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in income tax expense during 2022 was mainly due to the increase in net income. The effective tax rate for the year 2022 was 22.2 compared to 22.2 for the year 2021. The effective tax rates are affected by items of income and expense that are not subject to federal and state taxation. 
 Comparison of Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Overview 
 Our total assets increased 437.7 million, or 18.27 , from 2.40 billion at December 31, 2021, to 2.83 billion at December 31, 2022. Net loans increased by 533.1 million during 2022 and investment securities decreased 129.5 million in 2022. Cash and cash equivalents increased by 12.9 million during 2022. 
 Deposits at December 31, 2022 totaled 2.51 billion, an increase of 363.0 million as compared to December 31, 2021. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased 63.0 million in 2022 and interest-bearing deposits increased 300.0 million. Our deposits increased during 2022 from organic deposit growth. 
 Loans 
 Loans are our largest category of earning assets and typically provide higher yields than other types of earning assets. Associated with the higher loan yields are the inherent credit and liquidity risks that we attempt to control and counterbalance. Total loans averaged 1.49 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022, or 64.3 of average earning assets, as compared to 1.22 billion or 59.8 of average earning assets, for the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, total loans, net of unearned income, were 1.8 billion, compared to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 536.5 million, or 42.35 . 
 The organic, or non-acquired, growth in our loan portfolio is attributable to our ability to attract new customers from other financial institutions and overall growth in our markets. Much of our loan growth has come from moving customers from other financial institutions to RB T. We have also been successful in building banking relationships with new customers. We have hired several new bankers in the markets that we serve, and these employees have been successful in transitioning their former clients and attracting new clients to RB T. Our bankers are expected to be involved in their communities and to maintain business development efforts to develop relationships with clients, and our philosophy is to be responsive to customer needs by providing decisions in a timely manner. In addition to our business development efforts, many of the markets that we serve have shown signs of economic recovery over the last few years. 
 43 
 
 The table below provides a summary of the loan portfolio composition as of the periods indicated. 
 COMPOSITION OF LOAN PORTFOLIO 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

Residential real estate: 

Closed-end 1-4 family - first lien 

573,033 

32.2 

317,754 

25.5 

Closed-end 1-4 family - junior lien 

9,422 

0.5 

5,434 

0.4 

Multi-family 

14,106 

0.8 

9,981 

0.8 

Total residential real estate 

596,561 

33.5 

333,169 

26.7 

Commercial real estate: 

Nonfarm nonresidential 

497,766 

28.0 

350,373 

28.1 

Farmland 

53,691 

3.0 

38,808 

3.1 

Total commercial real estate 

551,457 

31.0 

389,181 

31.2 

Construction and land development: 

Residential 

121,363 

6.8 

90,924 

7.3 

Other 

135,127 

7.6 

105,192 

8.4 

Total construction and land development 

256,490 

14.4 

196,116 

15.7 

Home equity lines of credit 

64,215 

3.6 

49,569 

4.0 

Commercial loans: 

Other commercial loans 

193,053 

10.9 

201,922 

16.2 

Agricultural 

56,946 

3.2 

36,063 

2.9 

State, county, and municipal loans 

40,964 

2.3 

23,939 

2.0 

Total commercial loans 

290,963 

16.4 

261,924 

21.1 

Consumer loans 

49,592 

2.8 

43,080 

3.5 

Total gross loans 

1,809,278 

101.7 

1,273,039 

102.2 

Allowance for loan losses 

(24,310) 

-1.4 

(20,922) 

-1.7 

Net discounts 

(279) 

0.0 

(400) 

0.0 

Net deferred loan fees 

(5,872) 

-0.3 

(5,974) 

-0.5 

Net loans 

1,778,817 

100.0 

1,245,743 

100.0 

In the context of this discussion, a real estate mortgage loan is defined as any loan, other than a loan for construction purposes, secured by real estate, regardless of the purpose of the loan. It is common practice for financial institutions in our market areas, and for us in particular, to obtain a security interest or lien in real estate whenever possible, in addition to any other available collateral. This collateral is taken to reinforce the likelihood of the ultimate repayment of the loan. This practice tends to increase the magnitude of the real estate loan portfolio. In many cases, we prefer real estate collateral to many other potential collateral sources, such as accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment. 
 The Federal regulatory agencies issued two guidance documents that have a significant impact on real estate related lending and, thus, on the operations of the Bank. One part of the guidance could require lenders to restrict lending secured primarily by certain categories of commercial real estate to a level of 300 of their capital or raise additional capital. This factor, combined with the current economic environment, could affect the Bank s lending strategy away from, or to limit its expansion of, commercial real estate lending which has been a material part of River Financial Corporation s lending strategy. This could also have a negative impact on our lending and profitability. Management actively monitors the composition of the Bank s loan portfolio, focusing on concentrations of credit, and the results of that monitoring activity are periodically reported to the Board of Directors. 
 The other guidance relates to the structuring of certain types of mortgages that allows negative amortization of consumer mortgage loans. Although the Bank does not engage at present in lending using these types of instruments, the guidance could have the effect of making the Bank less competitive in consumer mortgage lending if the local market is driving the demand for such an offering. 
 
 44 
 
 The principal component of our loan portfolio is real estate mortgage loans on residential and commercial properties. At December 31, 2022, this category totaled 1.2 billion and represented 68.1 of the total loan portfolio, compared to 771.9 million, or 61.9 of the total loan portfolio at year-end 2021. Residential real estate loans increased 263.4 million in 2022, or 79.1 , and commercial real estate loans increased 162.3 million, or 41.7 . Home equity lines of credit increased 14.6 million, or 29.5 . 
 Real estate construction loans totaled 256.5 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 60.4 million, or 30.8 , over 196.1 million at December 31, 2021. This loan type accounted for 14.4 and 15.7 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Commercial and industrial loans totaled 291.0 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 261.9 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 29.0 million, or 11.1 during 2022. 
 The repayment of loans is a source of additional liquidity for us. The following table sets forth our variable rate and fixed rate loans maturing within specific intervals at December 31, 2022. 
 LOAN MATURITY AND SENSITIVITY TO CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES 

Over one 

Over five 

One year 

year through 

years through 

Over fifteen 

Variable Rate Loans: 
 
 or less 

five years 

fifteen years 

years 

Total 

Residential real estate: 

Closed-end 1-4 family - first lien 

1,756 

1,004 

5,309 

265,493 

273,562 

Closed-end 1-4 family - junior lien 

53 

- 

- 

291 

344 

Multi-family 

353 

- 

285 

- 

638 

Total residential real estate 

2,162 

1,004 

5,594 

265,784 

274,544 

Commercial real estate: 

Nonfarm nonresidential 

5,002 

9,523 

5,061 

378 

19,964 

Farmland 

645 

2,018 

- 

- 

2,663 

Total commercial real estate 

5,647 

11,541 

5,061 

378 

22,627 

Construction and land development: 

Residential 

24,109 

- 

698 

31,597 

56,404 

Other 

13,733 

5,284 

190 

56 

19,263 

Total construction and land development 

37,842 

5,284 

888 

31,653 

75,667 

Home equity lines of credit 

5,074 

7,153 

48,520 

- 

60,747 

Commercial loans: 

Other commercial loans 

43,572 

12,435 

1,157 

- 

57,164 

Agricultural 

40,957 

185 

- 

- 

41,142 

State, county, and municipal loans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total commercial loans 

84,529 

12,620 

1,157 

- 

98,306 

Consumer loans 

1,439 

865 

59 

- 

2,363 

Total gross variable rate loans 

136,693 

38,467 

61,279 

297,815 

534,254 

45 

Over one 

Over five 

One year 

year through 

years through 

Over fifteen 

Fixed Rate Loans: 
 
 or less 

five years 

fifteen years 

years 

Total 

Residential real estate: 

Closed-end 1-4 family - first lien 

18,164 

118,121 

76,700 

86,486 

299,471 

Closed-end 1-4 family - junior lien 

1,210 

5,599 

1,692 

577 

9,078 

Multi-family 

358 

8,688 

3,887 

535 

13,468 

Total residential real estate 

19,732 

132,408 

82,279 

87,598 

322,017 

Commercial real estate: 

Nonfarm nonresidential 

29,692 

190,403 

248,758 

8,949 

477,802 

Farmland 

1,500 

27,936 

21,522 

70 

51,028 

Total commercial real estate 

31,192 

218,339 

270,280 

9,019 

528,830 

Construction and land development: 

Residential 

60,696 

1,963 

673 

1,627 

64,959 

Other 

15,082 

62,668 

37,055 

1,059 

115,864 

Total construction and land development 

75,778 

64,631 

37,728 

2,686 

180,823 

Home equity lines of credit 

229 

1,127 

2,112 

- 

3,468 

Commercial loans: 

Other commercial loans 

13,384 

93,932 

28,573 

- 

135,889 

Agricultural 

1,513 

12,197 

2,094 

- 

15,804 

State, county, and municipal loans 

3,578 

9,663 

23,514 

4,209 

40,964 

Total commercial loans 

18,475 

115,792 

54,181 

4,209 

192,657 

Consumer loans 

4,851 

25,886 

16,355 

137 

47,229 

Total fixed rate gross loans 

150,257 

558,183 

462,935 

103,649 

1,275,024 

Over one 

Over five 

One year 

year through 

years through 

Over fifteen 

Total Loans: 
 
 or less 

five years 

fifteen years 

years 

Total 

Residential real estate: 

Closed-end 1-4 family - first lien 

19,920 

119,125 

82,009 

351,979 

573,033 

Closed-end 1-4 family - junior lien 

1,263 

5,599 

1,692 

868 

9,422 

Multi-family 

711 

8,688 

4,172 

535 

14,106 

Total residential real estate 

21,894 

133,412 

87,873 

353,382 

596,561 

Commercial real estate: 

Nonfarm nonresidential 

34,694 

199,926 

253,819 

9,327 

497,766 

Farmland 

2,145 

29,954 

21,522 

70 

53,691 

Total commercial real estate 

36,839 

229,880 

275,341 

9,397 

551,457 

Construction and land development: 

Residential 

84,805 

1,963 

1,371 

33,224 

121,363 

Other 

28,815 

67,952 

37,245 

1,115 

135,127 

Total construction and land development 

113,620 

69,915 

38,616 

34,339 

256,490 

Home equity lines of credit 

5,303 

8,280 

50,632 

- 

64,215 

Commercial loans: 

Other commercial loans 

56,956 

106,367 

29,730 

- 

193,053 

Agricultural 

42,470 

12,382 

2,094 

- 

56,946 

State, county, and municipal loans 

3,578 

9,663 

23,514 

4,209 

40,964 

Total commercial loans 

103,004 

128,412 

55,338 

4,209 

290,963 

Consumer loans 

6,290 

26,751 

16,414 

137 

49,592 

Total gross loans 

286,950 

596,650 

524,214 

401,464 

1,809,278 

The information presented in the table above is based upon the contractual maturities of the individual loans, which may be subject to renewal at their contractual maturity. Renewal of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification of terms at their maturity. Consequently, we believe that this treatment presents fairly the maturity structure of the loan portfolio. 
 
 46 
 
 Investment Securities 
 We use our securities portfolio primarily to enhance our overall yield on interest-earning assets and as a source of liquidity, as a tool to manage our balance sheet sensitivity and regulatory capital ratios, and as a base upon which to pledge assets for public deposits. When our liquidity position exceeds current needs and our expected loan demand, other investments are considered as a secondary earnings alternative. As investments mature, they are used to meet current cash needs, or they are reinvested to maintain our desired liquidity position. We have designated the majority of our securities as available-for-sale to provide flexibility, in case an immediate need for liquidity arises, and we believe that the composition of the portfolio offers needed flexibility in managing our liquidity position and interest rate sensitivity without adversely impacting our regulatory capital levels. In certain cases, we have designated securities as held-to-maturity to protect capital from changes in the value of the securities portfolio. Securities available-for-sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of other comprehensive loss, net of related deferred taxes while securities held-to-maturity are reported at amortized cost. Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in income using the interest method over the terms of the securities. 
 The following tables summarize the amortized cost and fair value of securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Securities available for sale: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

449,348 

390,037 

562,109 

557,558 

U.S. treasury securities 

130,971 

117,629 

151,331 

149,528 

U.S. govt. sponsored enterprises 

72,889 

66,362 

54,005 

54,495 

State, county, and municipal 

87,347 

75,863 

94,976 

99,254 

Corporate debt obligations 

17,873 

15,996 

15,942 

15,924 

Totals 

758,428 

665,887 

878,363 

876,759 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

68,688 

56,064 

- 

- 

State, county, and municipal 

62,893 

49,213 

50,182 

50,165 

Totals 

131,581 

105,277 

50,182 

50,165 

The following tables show the scheduled maturity and average yields of our securities at December 31, 2022. 
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES MATURITY DISTRIBUTION AND YIELDS 

After one year but 

After five years but 

Within one year 

within five years 

within ten years 

After ten years 

Other securities 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. govt. sponsored enterprises 

- 

--- 

15,775 

1.06 

39,541 

2.27 

11,046 

3.92 

- 

--- 

State, county, and municipal 

55 

2.75 

447 

2.16 

7,807 

2.22 

67,554 

2.90 

- 

--- 

U.S. treasury securities 

- 

--- 

109,036 

1.00 

8,593 

1.55 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

Corporate debt obligations 

999 

5.31 

2,201 

2.81 

12,796 

3.59 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

Residential mortgage-backed 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

390,037 

2.19 

Totals 

1,054 

5.18 

127,459 

1.04 

68,737 

2.42 

78,600 

3.05 

390,037 

2.19 

After one year but 

After five years but 

Within one year 

within five years 

within ten years 

After ten years 

Other securities 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

State, county, and municipal 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

10,208 

2.05 

52,685 

2.36 

- 

--- 

Residential mortgage-backed 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

68,688 

1.54 

Totals 

- 

--- 

- 

--- 

10,208 

--- 

52,685 

--- 

68,688 

--- 

47 
 
 We invest primarily in mortgage-backed securities, municipal securities, and obligations of government-sponsored entities and agencies of the United States, though we may in some situations also invest in direct obligations of the United States or obligations guaranteed as to the principal and interest by the United States. All of our mortgage-backed securities are residential securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC). During 2021, we used most of our excess liquidity to invest in securities, as our loan demand had not kept up with our deposit growth. During 2022, we used most of our excess liquidity to fund loan growth, as our deposit growth had not kept up with our robust loan growth. 
 
 48 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses, Provision for Loan Losses and Asset Quality 
 Allowance for loan losses and provision for loan losses 
 Our allowance for loan losses represents our estimate of probable inherent credit losses in the loan portfolio. We determine the required allowance each quarter based on an ongoing evaluation of risk as it correlates to potential losses within the portfolio. Increases in the allowance are made by charges to the provision for loan losses. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. Recoveries of previously charged-off amounts are credited to our allowance for loan losses. 
 Management utilizes a review process for the loan portfolio to identify loans that are deemed to be impaired. A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement or when the loan is deemed to be a troubled debt restructuring. For loans and loan relationships deemed to be impaired that are 100 thousand, or greater, management determines the estimated value of the underlying collateral, less estimated costs to acquire and sell the collateral, or the estimated net present value of the cash flows expected to be received on the loan or loan relationship. These amounts are compared to the current investment in the loan and a specific allowance for the deficiency, if any, is specifically included in the analysis of the allowance for loan losses. For loans and loan relationships less than 100 thousand that are deemed to be impaired, management applies a loss factor of 15 and includes that amount in that analysis of the allowance for loan losses rather than specifically measuring the impairment for each loan or loan relationship. 
 All other loans are deemed to be unimpaired and are grouped into various homogeneous risk pools utilizing regulatory reporting classifications. The Bank s historical loss factors are calculated for each of these risk pools based on the net losses experienced as a percentage of the average loans outstanding. The time periods utilized in these historical loss factor calculations are subjective and vary according to management s estimate of the impact of current economic cycles. As every loan has a risk of loss, minimum loss factors are estimated based on long term trends for the Bank, the banking industry, and the economy. The greater of the calculated historical loss factors or the minimum loss factors are applied to the unimpaired loan amounts currently outstanding for the risk pool and included in the analysis of the allowance for loan losses. In addition, certain qualitative adjustments may be included by management as additional loss factors applied to the unimpaired loan risk pools. These adjustments may include, among other things, changes in loan policy, loan administration, loan, geographic, or industry concentrations, loan growth rates, and experience levels of our lending officers. The loss allocations for specifically impaired loans, smaller impaired loans not specifically measured for impairment, and unimpaired loans are totaled to determine the total required allowance for loan losses. This total is compared to the current allowance on the Bank s books and adjustments made accordingly by a charge or credit to the provision for loan losses. 
 Management believes the data it uses in determining the allowance for loan losses is sufficient to estimate potential losses in the loan portfolio; however, actual results could differ from management s estimate. 
 49 
 
 The following table presents a summary of changes in the allowance for loan losses for the periods and dates indicated. 
 ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

Year Ended: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Amounts in thousands, (except percentages) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Allowance for loan losses at beginning of period 

20,922 

16,803 

Charge-offs: 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

42 

127 

Commercial real estate 

- 

241 

Construction and land development 

- 

2 

Equity lines of credit 

14 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

56 

370 

Commercial 

595 

514 

Consumer 

28 

103 

Total charge-offs 

679 

987 

Recoveries: 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

- 

60 

Commercial real estate 

62 

35 

Construction and land development 

5 

11 

Equity lines of credit 

41 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

108 

106 

Commercial 

98 

189 

Consumer 

21 

67 

Total recoveries 

227 

362 

Net charge-offs 

452 

625 

Provision for loan losses 

3,840 

4,744 

Allowance for loan losses at end of period 

24,310 

20,922 

Total loans outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and discounts 

1,803,127 

1,266,665 

Average loans outstanding, net of deferred loan fees 

1,486,478 

1,217,901 

Allowance for loan losses to period end loans 

1.35 

1.65 

Net charge-offs to average loans (annualized) 

0.03 

0.05 

In accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , the loans acquired in 2015 from Keystone Bank, in 2018 from Peoples Southern Bank and in 2019 from Trinity Bank were recorded at fair value and any discount to fair value was recorded against the loans rather than as an allowance for loan losses. Approximately 1.6 million of the discount associated with the loans acquired from Trinity Bank in 2019 was deemed related to credit quality. Approximately 504 thousand of the discount associated with the loans acquired from Peoples Southern Bank in 2018 was deemed related to credit quality. The total discount was recorded as an accretable discount and is accreted into interest income over the life of the loans using the level yield method. The following table presents a summary of the acquired loan information for the periods and dates indicated. 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Keystone Bank 

Peoples Southern Bank 

Trinity Bank 

Total 

Keystone Bank 

Peoples Southern Bank 

Trinity Bank 

Total 

Acquired loan portfolio at year-end 

4,060 

7,673 

13,783 

25,516 

7,379 

12,320 

30,194 

49,893 

Remaining accretable loan discount at year-end 

33 

41 

205 

279 

48 

71 

281 

400 

Discount accretion recognized in interest income on loans 

15 

30 

76 

121 

57 

92 

461 

610 

Overall, asset quality indicators have continued to improve, and, as a result, provision expense has been minimal for the Bank s loan portfolio. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded provision expense of 3.8 million and 4.7 million, respectively. 
 50 
 
 Allocation of Our Allowance for Loan Losses 
 While no portion of our allowance for loan losses is in any way restricted to any individual loan or group of loans and the entire allowance is available to absorb losses from any and all loans, the following table represents management s allocation of our allowance for loan losses to specific loan categories for the periods indicated. 
 ALLOCATION OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent of Allowance in each Category to Total Allowance 

Amount 

Percent of Allowance in each Category to Total Allowance 

Residential real estate 

5,088 

20.9 

2,596 

12.4 

Commercial real estate 

10,057 

41.4 

8,038 

38.4 

Construction and land development 

3,377 

13.9 

2,992 

14.3 

Home equity lines of credit 

562 

2.3 

396 

1.9 

Commercial 

4,778 

19.7 

6,486 

31.0 

Consumer 

448 

1.8 

414 

2.0 

Total 

24,310 

100.0 

20,922 

100.0 

Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table presents our nonperforming assets for the dates indicated. 
 NONPERFORMING ASSETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Nonaccrual loans 

1,356 

2,272 

Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 

138 

- 

Total nonperforming loans 

1,494 

2,272 

Foreclosed assets 

609 

256 

Total nonperforming assets 

2,103 

2,528 

Allowance for loan losses to period end loans 

1.35 

1.65 

Allowance for loan losses to period end nonperforming loans 

1627.18 

920.86 

Net charge-offs to average loans (annualized) 

0.03 

0.05 

Nonperforming assets to period end loans and foreclosed property 

0.12 

0.20 

Nonperforming loans to period end loans 

0.08 

0.18 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.07 

0.11 

Period end loans 

1,803,127 

1,266,665 

Period end total assets 

2,833,382 

2,395,680 

Allowance for loan losses 

24,310 

20,922 

Average loans for the period 

1,486,478 

1,217,901 

Net charge-offs for the period 

452 

625 

Period end loans plus foreclosed property 

1,803,736 

1,266,921 

Accrual of interest is discontinued on a loan when management believes, after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that the collection of interest is doubtful. In addition to consideration of these factors, loans that are past due 90 days or more are generally placed on nonaccrual status. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all accrued interest on the loan is reversed and deducted from earnings as a reduction of reported interest income. No additional interest is accrued on the loan balance until collection of both principal and interest becomes reasonably certain. Payments received while a loan is on nonaccrual status will generally be applied to the outstanding principal balance. When a problem loan is finally resolved, there may ultimately be an actual write-down or charge-off of the principal balance of the loan that would necessitate additional charges to the allowance for loan losses. 
 51 
 
 Total nonperforming assets decreased 425 thousand to 2.1 million at December 31, 2022, from 2.5 million at December 31, 2021. Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets decreased 0.04 from 0.11 at December 31, 2021 to 0.07 at December 31, 2022. Improving asset quality has been and will continue to be a primary focus of management. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits, which include noninterest-bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing demand deposits, money market accounts, and savings, time, and other deposits, are the primary funding source for the Bank. We offer a variety of products designed to attract and retain customers, with primary focus on building and expanding client relationships. We continue to focus on establishing a comprehensive relationship with consumer and business borrowers, seeking deposits as well as lending relationships. 
 The following table details the composition of our deposit portfolio as of the dates indicated. 
 COMPOSITION OF DEPOSITS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Amount 

Total 

Amount 

Total 

Demand deposits, noninterest-bearing 

672,956 

26.8 

610,002 

28.4 

Demand deposits, interest-bearing 

610,944 

24.3 

519,547 

24.2 

Money market accounts 

664,855 

26.4 

623,763 

29.0 

Savings deposits 

120,030 

4.8 

117,767 

5.5 

Time certificates of 250 or more 

125,661 

5.0 

106,271 

4.9 

Other time certificates 

319,753 

12.7 

173,827 

8.0 

Totals 

2,514,199 

100.0 

2,151,177 

100.0 

Total deposits were 2.51 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 363.0 million, or 16.9 , from 2.15 billion at December 31, 2021. Noninterest-bearing demand deposits and interest-bearing demand deposits increased a combined total of 154.4 million, or 13.7 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. These two categories of deposits are our least expensive source of funding for interest-earning assets. 
 The following table details the maturities of our time deposits which consist entirely of certificates of deposit. 
 MATURITIES OF CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT 

CDs 

CDs 

100 

Less Than 

All CDs 

or more 

100 

Three months or less 

144,368 

97,378 

46,990 

Greater than three months through six months 

116,411 

92,128 

24,283 

Greater than six months through one year 

106,807 

81,293 

25,514 

Greater than one year through three years 

68,547 

49,891 

18,656 

Greater than three years 

9,281 

6,468 

2,813 

Total 

445,414 

327,158 

118,256 

Deposit growth has benefited to a large extent from uncertainty in the financial markets, which has increased the liquidity of many banks as consumers and businesses look for safe places for liquidity, thereby increasing bank deposits. 
 Other Funding Sources 
 We supplement our deposit funding with wholesale funding when needed for balance sheet planning or when the terms are attractive and will not disrupt our offering rates in our markets. A source that we have used for wholesale funding is the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLBA). At December 31, 2022 the Bank had 95 million of borrowings outstanding with FHLBA. There were no borrowings outstanding with FHLBA as of December 31, 2021. Another source that we have used for wholesale funding is the Federal Reserve Bank discount window. At December 31, 2022 the Bank had 25 million of borrowings outstanding with the Federal Reserve Bank discount window. There were no borrowings outstanding with the Federal Reserve Bank discount window as of December 31, 2021. 
 52 
 
 Liquidity 
 Market and public confidence in our financial strength and financial institutions in general will largely determine our access to appropriate levels of liquidity. This confidence is significantly dependent on our ability to maintain sound asset quality and appropriate levels of capital reserves. 
 
 Liquidity is defined as the ability to meet anticipated customer demands for funds under credit commitments and deposit withdrawals at a reasonable cost and on a timely basis. We measure our liquidity position by giving consideration to both on- and off-balance sheet sources of and demands for funds on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. 
 
 Liquidity risk involves the risk of being unable to fund assets with the appropriate duration and rate-based liabilities, as well as the risk of not being able to meet unexpected cash needs. Liquidity planning and management are necessary to ensure the ability to fund operations in a cost-effective manner and to meet current and future potential obligations such as loan commitments, lease obligations, and unexpected deposit outflows. In this process, we focus on both assets and liabilities and on the manner in which they combine to provide adequate liquidity to meet our needs. 
 Funds are available from a number of basic banking activity sources, including the core deposit base, the repayment and maturity of loans, and investment security cash flows. Other funding sources include federal funds purchased, brokered certificates of deposit, borrowings from the FHLBA, and borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank discount window. 
 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 74.8 million and 62.0 million, respectively. Based on the recorded cash and cash equivalents, our liquidity resources were sufficient at December 31, 2022 to fund loans and meet other cash needs as necessary. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 While our liquidity monitoring and management considers both present and future demands for and sources of liquidity, the following table of contractual commitments focuses only on future obligations. 

Due after 1 

Due after 3 

Due in 1 

through 

through 

Due after 

year or less 

3 years 

5 years 

5 years 

Total 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

95,000 

- 

- 

- 

95,000 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

25,000 

- 

- 

- 

25,000 

Certificates of deposit of less than 100 

96,787 

18,656 

2,813 

- 

118,256 

Certificates of deposit of 100 or more 

270,799 

49,891 

6,468 

- 

327,158 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

8,181 

- 

- 

- 

8,181 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

- 

- 

- 

39,419 

39,419 

Operating leases 

775 

1,307 

871 

2,180 

5,133 

Total contractual obligations 

496,542 

69,854 

10,152 

41,599 

618,147 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We are party to credit-related financial instruments with off-balance sheet risks in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of amounts recorded on our balance sheet. Our exposure to credit loss is represented by the contractual amounts of these commitments. We follow the same credit policies in making commitments as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 Our off-balance sheet arrangements are summarized in the following table for the periods indicated. 
 CREDIT EXTENSION COMMITMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Commitments to extend credit 

420,670 

328,646 

Stand-by and performance letters of credit 

5,027 

2,426 

Total 

425,697 

331,072 

53 
 
 Interest Sensitivity and Market Risk 
 Interest Sensitivity 
 We monitor and manage the pricing and maturity of our assets and liabilities in order to diminish the potential adverse impact that changes in interest rates could have on net interest income. The principal monitoring technique we employ is simulation analysis and this technique is augmented by gap analysis. 
 In simulation analysis, we review each individual asset and liability category and their projected behavior in various different interest rate environments. These projected behaviors are based upon management s past experiences and upon current competitive environments, including the various environments in the different markets in which we compete. Using this projected behavior and differing rate scenarios as inputs, the simulation analysis generates as output projections of net interest income. We also periodically verify the validity of this approach by comparing actual results with those that were projected in previous models. 
 Another technique used in interest rate management, but to a lesser degree than simulation analysis, is the measurement of the interest sensitivity gap, which is the positive or negative dollar difference between assets and liabilities that are subject to interest rate repricing within a given period of time. Interest rate sensitivity can be managed by repricing assets and liabilities, selling securities available for sale or trading securities, replacing an asset or liability at maturity, or by adjusting the interest rate during the life of an asset or liability. 
 We evaluate interest rate sensitivity risk and then formulate guidelines regarding asset generation and repricing and sources and prices of off-balance sheet commitments in order to decrease interest sensitivity risk. We use computer simulations to measure the net income effect of various interest rate scenarios. The modeling reflects interest rate changes and the related impact on net income over specified periods of time. 
 The following table illustrates our interest rate sensitivity at December 31, 2022, assuming that the relevant assets and liabilities are collected and paid, respectively, based upon historical experience rather than their stated maturities. 
 INTEREST SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS 

0-1 Mos 

1-3 Mos 

3-12 Mos 

1-2 Yrs 

2-3 Yrs 

>3 Yrs 

Total 

Interest earning assets 

Loans 

281,949 

87,219 

270,945 

260,046 

207,006 

695,962 

1,803,127 

Securities 

37,634 

19,290 

46,298 

60,744 

69,938 

563,564 

797,468 

Certificates of deposit in banks 

(32) 

245 

2,218 

- 

1,250 

484 

4,165 

Interest bearing deposits in banks 

42,874 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

42,874 

Total interest earning assets 

362,425 

106,754 

319,461 

320,790 

278,194 

1,260,010 

2,647,634 

Interest bearing liabilities 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

188,452 

8,934 

40,203 

53,606 

53,606 

266,143 

610,944 

Savings and money market accounts 

452,082 

10,316 

46,425 

61,898 

61,898 

152,266 

784,885 

Time deposits 

65,142 

79,478 

221,886 

52,142 

15,901 

10,865 

445,414 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

8,181 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

8,181 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

- 

- 

40,000 

55,000 

- 

- 

95,000 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

25,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

25,000 

Subordinated debt, net of loan costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

39,419 

39,419 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

738,857 

98,728 

348,514 

222,646 

131,405 

468,693 

2,008,843 

Interest sensitive gap 

Period gap 

(376,432) 

8,026 

(29,053) 

98,144 

146,789 

791,317 

638,791 

Cumulative gap 

(376,432) 

(368,406) 

(397,459) 

(299,315) 

(152,526) 

638,791 

Cumulative gap - Rate Sensitive Assets/ Rate 

Sensitive Liabilities 

(14.2) 

(13.9) 

(15.0) 

(11.3) 

(5.8) 

24.1 

54 
 
 We generally benefit from increasing market rates of interest when we have an asset-sensitive gap (a positive number) and generally benefit from decreasing market interest rates when we are liability-sensitive (a negative number). As shown in the table above, we are liability-sensitive on a cumulative basis through three years. The interest sensitivity analysis presents only a static view of the timing and repricing opportunities, without taking into consideration that changes in interest rates do not affect all assets and liabilities equally. For example, rates paid on a substantial portion of core deposits may change contractually within a relatively short time frame, but those are viewed by management as significantly less interest-sensitive than market- based rates such as those paid on non-core deposits. For this and other reasons, management relies more upon the simulation analysis (as noted above) in managing interest rate risk. Net interest income may be impacted by other significant factors in a given interest rate environment, including changes in the volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Market Risk 
 Our earnings are dependent, to a large degree, on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income earned on all earning assets, primarily loans and securities, and interest paid on all interest bearing-liabilities, primarily deposits. Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our market risk arises primarily from inherent interest rate risk in our lending, investing, and deposit gathering activities. We seek to reduce our exposure to market risk through actively monitoring and managing interest rate risk. Management relies upon static gap analysis to determine the degree of mismatch in the maturity and repricing distribution of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which quantifies, to a large extent, the degree of market risk inherent in our balance sheet. Gap analysis is further augmented by simulation analysis to evaluate the impact of varying levels of prevailing interest rates and the sensitivity of specific earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities to changes in those prevailing rates. Simulation analysis consists of evaluating the impact on net interest income given changes from 400 basis points below the current prevailing rates to 400 basis points above the current prevailing rates. Management makes certain assumptions as to the effect that varying levels of interest rates have on certain earning assets and interest bearing-liabilities, which assumptions consider both historical experience and consensus estimates of outside sources. 
 The following table illustrates the results of our simulation analysis to determine the extent to which market risk would affect net interest margin for the next 12 months if prevailing interest rates increased or decreased by the specified amounts from current rates. As noted above, this model uses estimates and assumptions in asset and liability account rate reactions to changes in prevailing interest rates. However, to isolate the market risk inherent in the balance sheet, the model assumes that no growth in the balance sheet occurs during the projection period. This model also assumes an immediate and parallel shift in interest rates, which would result in no change in the shape or slope of the interest rate yield curve. Because of the inherent use of these estimates and assumptions in the simulation model to derive this market risk information, the actual results of the future impact of market risk on our net interest margin may (and most likely will) differ from that found in the table. 
 MARKET RISK 

Impact on net interest income 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Change in prevailing rates: 

+ 400 basis points 
 
 (14.25) 

2.18 

+ 300 basis points 
 
 (10.55) 

1.87 

+ 200 basis points 
 
 (6.96) 

1.45 

+ 100 basis points 
 
 (3.49) 

0.75 

+ 0 basis points 

- 

- 

- 100 basis points 
 
 2.68 

(1.84) 

- 200 basis points 
 
 4.58 

(2.81) 

- 300 basis points 
 
 2.00 

(2.87) 

- 400 basis points 
 
 (3.21) 

(2.91) 

55 
 
 Capital Resources 
 Total stockholders equity at December 31, 2022 was 134.0 million, or 4.7 of total assets. At December 31, 2021, total stockholders equity was 179.6 million, or 7.5 of total assets. The decrease in shareholders equity for 2022 was mainly attributable to a 70.3 million decrease in other comprehensive income. The decrease from other comprehensive income was partially offset by net income of 27.9 million. 
 The bank regulatory agencies have established risk-based capital requirements for banks. These guidelines are intended to provide an additional measure of a bank s capital adequacy by assigning weighted levels of risk to asset categories. Banks are also required to systematically maintain capital against off-balance sheet activities such as loans sold with recourse, loan commitments, guarantees, and standby letters of credit. These guidelines are intended to strengthen the quality of capital by increasing the emphasis on common equity and restricting the amount of loan loss reserves and other forms of equity, such as preferred stock, that may be included in capital. Certain items, such as goodwill and other intangible assets, are deducted from total capital in arriving at the various regulatory capital measures such as Tier 1 capital and total risk-based capital. Our objective is to maintain the Bank s current status as a well-capitalized institution, as that term is defined by the Bank s regulators. As of December 31, 2022, RB T was well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. 
 Changes to the regulatory guidelines for bank capital levels that became effective January 1, 2015, the minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance sheet activities such as standby letters of credit) is 8 . The required ratio of Tier 1 Capital (consisting generally of shareholders equity and qualifying preferred stock, less certain goodwill items and other intangible assets) to risk-weighted assets is 6 . While there was previously no required ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (which generally consists of common stock, retained earnings, certain qualifying capital instruments issued by consolidated subsidiaries, and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, subject to adjustments) to total risk-weighted assets, a required minimum ratio of 4.5 became effective on January 1, 2015, as well. The remainder of total capital, or Tier 2 Capital, may consist of (a) the allowance for loan losses of up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, (b) preferred stock not qualifying as Tier 1 Capital, (c) hybrid capital instruments, (d) perpetual debt, (e) mandatory convertible securities, and (f) certain subordinated debt and intermediate-term preferred stock up to 50 of Tier 1 Capital. Total Capital is the sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (which is included only to the extent of Tier 1 Capital), less reciprocal holdings of other banking organizations capital instruments, investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, and any other deductions as determined by the appropriate regulator. 
 River Bank Trust is eligible to utilize the community bank leverage ratio (CBLR) framework. The Bank has evaluated this option and has elected not to utilize the CBLR framework at this time, but may do so in the future. 
 Quantitative measures, established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy effective January 1, 2015, require River Bank Trust to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total risk-based capital, Common Equity Tier 1 capital, and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). 
 
 56 
 
 The following table presents the Bank s capital amounts and ratios with the required minimum levels for capital adequacy purposes including the phase in of the capital conservation buffer under Basel III and minimum levels to be well capitalized (as defined) under the regulatory prompt corrective action regulations. The following table contains selected capital ratios at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the Bank. 
 CAPITAL ADEQUACY ANALYSIS 

As of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Actual 

Required For Capital Adequacy Purposes 
 
 To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Regulations 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 

Total Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

242,168 

12.296 

206,789 

>= 10.500 

196,942 

>= 10.000 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (To Risk- weighted Assets) 

217,858 

11.062 

137,860 

>= 7.000 

128,013 

>= 6.500 

Tier 1 Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

217,858 

11.062 

167,401 

>= 8.500 

157,554 

>= 8.000 

Tier 1 Capital (To Average Assets) 

217,858 

8.120 

107,315 

>= 4.000 

134,144 

>= 5.000 

As of December 31, 2021: 
 
 Actual 

Required For Capital Adequacy Purposes 
 
 To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Regulations 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 

Total Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

203,848 

14.071 

152,116 

>= 10.500 

144,872 

>= 10.00 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (To Risk- weighted Assets) 

185,704 

12.819 

101,410 

>= 7.000 

94,167 

>= 6.50 

Tier 1 Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

185,704 

12.819 

123,141 

>= 8.500 

115,897 

>= 8.00 

Tier 1 Capital (To Average Assets) 

185,704 

8.013 

92,707 

>= 4.000 

115,884 

>= 5.00 

The Bank s Total Capital ratio and Tier 1 Capital (To Risk-weighted Assets) ratio decreased from year-end 2021 to year-end 2022, however, the ratios remain well above the levels for the Bank to be deemed well-capitalized. 
 Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that a bank may pay without approval of the regulatory authorities. These restrictions are based on the bank s level of regulatory classified assets, prior years net earnings and ratio of equity capital to assets. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of dividend the Bank could declare payable to the Company was approximately 60.6 million. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . 
 Not applicable. However, see Item 8 Interest Sensitivity and Market Risk 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 57 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 River Financial Corporation and Subsidiary 
 Prattville, Alabama 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of consolidated financial condition of River Financial Corporation and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgement. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 58 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 1.80 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated allowance for loan losses (ALL) was 24.3 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the ALL is established to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the Company s loan portfolio. Management s estimate for the probable credit losses is established through quantitative, as well as qualitative, factors. The Company attributes portions of the allowance to loans that it evaluates individually and determines to be impaired. For non-impaired loans, the ALL is estimated based on historical default and/or loss information for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and product types. The Company s methodology for determining the appropriate ALL also considers the imprecision inherent in the estimation process. As a result, management adjusts the ALL for consideration of the potential impact of qualitative factors, which include levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans (including TDRs); levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; migration of loans to the classification of special mention, substandard, or doubtful; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; national and local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentration. 
 
 Auditing management s estimate of the ALL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating the qualitative factors that management assessed and the measurement of each qualitative factor. Management s assessment and measurement of the qualitative factors is highly judgmental and has a significant effect on the ALL. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factors of the ALL included the following procedures, among others. We gained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALL, including the identification and measurement of qualitative factors. We evaluated the design and documented the operating effectiveness of controls relevant to that process, including controls over the reliability of data from the loan systems, the completeness and accuracy of quantitative data, and the ALL methodology and assumptions. In doing so, we tested review and approval controls in the Company s governance process designed to identify and assess the need for and measurement of qualitative factors to estimate inherent credit losses associated with factors not captured fully in the quantitative components of the ALL. 
 
 With respect to the identification of qualitative factors, we evaluated 1) the potential impact of imprecision in the quantitative models (and hence the need to consider a qualitative adjustment to the ALL); 2) changes, assumptions and adjustments to the models; 3) sufficiency, availability and relevance of historical loss data used in the models; and 4) the risk factors used in the models. Regarding measurement of the qualitative factors, we evaluated internal data utilized by management to estimate the appropriate level of the qualitative factors, as well as internal/external data produced by the Company s Credit Review functions, with consideration given to the reliability of the factors and existence of new and potentially contradictory information. We also evaluated the overall ALL balance taken as a whole inclusive of such qualitative factors. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

Birmingham, Alabama 
 March 14, 2023 
 59 
 
 RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (in thousands except share data) 

Assets 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits in banks 

Federal funds sold 

- 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Certificates of deposit in banks 

Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost 

Securities available-for-sale 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of unearned income 

Less allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Net loans 

Premises and equipment, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Bank owned life insurance 

Foreclosed assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Core deposit intangible 

Goodwill 

Restricted equity securities, at cost 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

Interest bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

- 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

- 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Common stock related to 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Unvested restricted stock 

() 

- 

Treasury stock at cost and shares, respectively) 

() 

() 

Common stock related to 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 60 
 
 RIVER FINANCIA L CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Sta tements of Income 
 (in thousands except per share data) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Interest income: 

Loans, including fees 

Taxable securities 

Tax-exempt securities 

Federal funds sold 

Other interest income 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

- 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

- 

Federal funds purchased 

- 

Note payable 

- 

Subordinated debentures 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges and fees 

Investment brokerage revenue 

Mortgage operations 

Bank owned life insurance income 

Net losses on sales of investment securities 

() 

() 

Other noninterest income 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy expenses 

Equipment rentals, depreciation, and maintenance 

Telephone and communications 

Advertising and business development 

Data processing 

Foreclosed assets, net 

() 

() 

Federal deposit insurance and other regulatory assessments 

Legal and other professional services 

Other operating expense 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic net earnings per common share 

Diluted net earnings per common share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 61 
 
 RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (in thousands) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 

Investment securities available-for-sale: 

Net unrealized losses 

() 

() 

Income tax effect 

Reclassification adjustments for net losses realized in net income 

Income tax effect 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for accretion of unrealized holding loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income from the transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

() 

- 

Income tax effect 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 62 
 
 RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Unvested Restricted Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Common Stock Related to ESOP 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of stock options and warrants shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchase of treasury shares shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Sale of treasury shares shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Change for ESOP related shares 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of stock options and warrants shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchase of treasury shares shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Sale of treasury shares shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock grants shares) 

() 

- 

Dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Change for ESOP related shares 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 63 
 
 RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

Provision for losses on foreclosed assets 

Amortization of securities 

Accretion of securities 

() 

() 

Accretion of acquired loans 

() 

() 

Realized net loss on securities available-for-sale 

Accretion of deferred loan fees 

() 

() 

Amortization of core deposit intangible 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

- 

Stock compensation expense 

Bank owned life insurance income 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment 

Gain on sales of foreclosed assets 

() 

() 

Deferred income tax benefit 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets and (decrease) increase in operating liabilities: 

Loans held-for-sale 

Accrued interest receivable 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash Flows Used For Investing Activities: 

Maturities of certificates of deposit 

Purchases of certificates of deposit 

() 

- 

Activity in securities available-for-sale: 

Sales of securities available-for-sale 

Maturities, payments, calls of securities available-for-sale 

Purchases of securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Activity in securities held-to-maturity: 

Maturities, payments, calls of securities held-to-maturity 

Purchases of securities held-to-maturity 

() 

() 

Loan principal originations, net 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchases of restricted equity securities, net 

() 

() 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

- 

() 

Net cash used for investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Net increase in deposits 

Net decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net of loan costs 

- 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

- 

Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

() 

- 

Proceeds from Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

- 

Repayment of note payable 

- 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Purchase of treasury shres 

() 

() 

Sale of treasury shares 

Cash dividends 

() 

() 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net Change In Cash And Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents At Beginning Of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents At End Of Period 

Supplemental Disclosures Of Cash Flows Information: 

Cash Payments For: 

Interest paid to depositors 

Interest paid on borrowings 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Transfer of loans to foreclosed assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 64 
 
 RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

reserve requirement. 
 and are carried at cost. 

thousand are typically individually evaluated for impairment. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected from the collateral. Troubled debt restructurings are individually evaluated for impairment and included in the separately identified impairment disclosures. TDRs are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. If a TDR is considered to be a collateral dependent loan, the loan is reported, net, at the fair value of the collateral. For TDRs that subsequently default, the Company determines the amount of the allowance on that loan in accordance with the accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses on loans individually identified as impaired. The general component of the allowance covers loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment. All other loans are deemed to be unimpaired and are grouped into various homogeneous risk pools utilizing regulatory reporting classifications. The general component is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. The historical loss experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on the actual loss history experienced by the Bank. The Bank s historical loss factors are calculated for each of these risk pools based on the net losses experienced as a percentage of the average loans outstanding. The time periods utilized in these historical loss factor calculations are subjective and vary according to management s estimate of the impact of current economic cycles. The actual loss experience is supplemented with other economic factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. These economic factors include consideration of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans (including TDRs); levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; migration of loans to the classification of special mention, substandard, or doubtful; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; national and local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentration. As every loan has a risk of loss, minimum loss factors are estimated based on long term trends for the Bank, the banking industry, and the economy. The greater of the calculated historical loss factors or the minimum loss factors are applied to the unimpaired loan amounts currently outstanding for the risk pool and included in the analysis of the allowance for loan losses. In addition, certain qualitative adjustments may be included by management as additional loss factors applied to the unimpaired loan risk pools. These adjustments may include, among other things, changes in loan policy, loan administration, loan, geographic, or industry concentrations, loan growth rates, and experience levels of our lending officers. The loss allocations for specifically impaired loans, smaller impaired loans not specifically measured for impairment, and unimpaired loans are totaled to determine the total required allowance for loan losses. This total is compared to the current allowance on the Bank s books and adjustments made accordingly by a charge or credit to the provision for loan losses. Management assesses the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses at the end of each calendar quarter. Management s judgment in determining the adequacy of the allowance is based on evaluations of the collectibility of loans. These evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to pay, overall portfolio quality, and review of specific problem loans. Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance based on judgments that are different than those of management. 
 percent of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate, of which the majority is secured by real estate in the Company s market areas. The Company, according to regulatory restrictions, may not generally extend credit to any single borrower or group of related borrowers on a secured basis in excess of of capital, as defined, or million, or on an unsecured basis in excess of of capital, as defined, or million. However, the Company has established internal policies that may further limit the extension of credit to any single borrower or group of related borrowers depending on their credit worthiness. 

years. The estimated useful life for furniture and equipment is generally - . 

. Amortization periods are reviewed annually in connection with the annual impairment testing of goodwill. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock 

Diluted common shares 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

reportable segment. 

71 

- 

() 

U.S. treasuries 

- 

() 

U.S. govt. sponsored enterprises 

- 

() 

State, county, and municipal 

() 

Corporate debt obligations 

() 

Totals 

() 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2022: 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

- 

() 

State, county, and municipal 

- 

() 

Totals 

- 

() 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2021: 

Securities available-for-sale: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

() 

U.S. treasuries 

- 

() 

U.S. govt. sponsored enterprises 

() 

State, county, and municipal 

() 

Corporate debt obligations 

() 

Totals 

() 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2021: 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

State, county, and municipal 

() 

Totals 

() 

The Company reassessed classification of certain investments and effective February 2022 the Company transferred million of residential mortgage-backed securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The transfer occurred at fair value. The related unrealized loss of million included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) remained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), to be amortized out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) with an offsetting entry to interest income as a yield adjustment through earnings over the remaining term of the securities. gain or loss was recorded at the time of transfer. 

U.S. treasuries 

- 

- 

U.S. govt. sponsored enterprises 

State, county municipal 

Corporate debt obligations 

Totals 

December 31, 2021: 

Securities available-for-sale: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

U.S. treasuries 

- 

- 

U.S. govt. sponsored enterprises 

- 

- 

State, county municipal 

Corporate debt obligations 

- 

- 

Totals 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

December 31, 2022: 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

- 

- 

State, county municipal 

Totals 

December 31, 2021: 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

State, county municipal 

- 

- 

Totals 

- 

- 

At December 31, 2022 , out of securities were in a loss position due primarily to changing interest rates. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and industry analysts reports. As management had the ability and intent to hold debt securities until maturity, no declines were deemed to be other than temporary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Gross losses 

() 

() 

Investment securities losses, net 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of investment securities 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with a carrying value of approximately million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits as required by law. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of securities pledged to secure repurchase agreements was approximately million and , respectively. 

1 to 5 years 

5 to 10 years 

After 10 years 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Totals 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Securities held-to-maturity 

5 to 10 years 

After 10 years 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

- 

- 

Totals 

74 

Closed-end 1-4 family - junior lien 

Multi-family 

Total residential real estate 

Commercial real estate: 

Nonfarm nonresidential 

Farmland 

Total commercial real estate 

Construction and land development: 

Residential 

Other 

Total construction and land development 

Home equity lines of credit 

Commercial loans: 

Other commercial loans 

Agricultural 

State, county, and municipal loans 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer loans 

Total gross loans 

Allowance for loan losses 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Net discounts 

() 

() 

Net deferred loan fees 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Net loans 

For purposes of the disclosures required pursuant to ASC 310, the loan portfolio was disaggregated into segments and then further disaggregated into classes for certain disclosures. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic method for determining its allowance for loan losses. There are primary loan portfolio segments that include real estate, commercial, and consumer. A class is generally determined based on the initial measurement attribute, risk characteristic of the loan, and the Company s method for monitoring and assessing credit risk. Classes within the real estate portfolio segment include residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction and land development and home equity lines of credit. The portfolio segments of non-real estate commercial loans and consumer loans have not been further segregated by class. The following describe risk characteristics relevant to each of the portfolio segments: Real estate - As discussed below, the Company offers various types of real estate loan products. All loans within this portfolio segment are particularly sensitive to the valuation of real estate: Residential real estate and home equity lines of credit are repaid by various means such as a borrower s income, sale of the property, or rental income derived from the property. Commercial real estate loans include both owner-occupied commercial real estate loans and other commercial real estate loans secured by income producing properties. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans to operating businesses are long-term financing of land and buildings. These loans are repaid by cash flow generated from the business operation. Real estate loans for income-producing properties such as office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers are repaid from rent income derived from the properties. Loans secured by farmland are repaid by various means such as a borrower s income, sale of the property, or rental income derived from the property. Construction and land development loans are repaid through cash flow related to the operations, sale or refinance of the underlying property. This portfolio class includes extensions of credit to real estate developers or investors where repayment is dependent on the sale of the real estate or income generated from the real estate collateral. Commercial loans - The commercial loan portfolio segment includes commercial and industrial loans, agricultural loans and loans to state and municipalities. These loans include those loans to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or expansion projects. Loans are repaid by business cash flows or tax revenues. Collection risk in this portfolio is driven by the creditworthiness of the underlying borrower, particularly cash flows from the customers business operations. Consumer loans - The consumer loan portfolio segment includes direct consumer installment loans, overdrafts and other revolving credit loans. Loans in this portfolio are sensitive to unemployment and other key consumer economic measures. The acquired loans are not included in the allowance for loan losses calculation, as these loans are recorded at fair value and there has been no further indication of credit deterioration that would require an additional provision. 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

() 

Loan charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Loan recoveries 

- 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Ending balance: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality 

- 

Percent of loans in each category to total loans 

Real Estate Mortgage Loans 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 Residential 

Commercial 

Construction and Land Development 

Home Equity Lines Of Credit 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

Provision for loan losses 

Loan charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Loan recoveries 

- 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Ending balance: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality 

- 

Percent of loans in each category to total loans 

The Bank individually evaluates for impairment all loans that are on nonaccrual status. Additionally, all troubled debt restructurings are individually evaluated for impairment. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current events and circumstances, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan will not be collected. Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, at the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. Management may also elect to apply an additional collective reserve to groups of impaired loans based on current economic or market factors. Impaired loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status and therefore interest payments received on impaired loans are generally applied as a reduction of the outstanding principal balance. Treatment of Pandemic-related Loan Modifications Pursuant to the CARES Act and Interagency Statement Section 4013 of the CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, provided that, from the period beginning March 1, 2020 until the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the date that is 60 days after the date on which the national emergency concerning the COVID-19 pandemic declared by the President of the United States under the National Emergencies Act terminates (the applicable period ), we may elect to suspend GAAP for loan modifications related to the pandemic that would otherwise be categorized as troubled debt restructurings (TDR) and suspend any determination of a loan modified as a result of the effects of the pandemic as being a TDR, including impairment for accounting purposes. The suspension was applicable for the term of the loan modification that occurred during the applicable period for a loan that was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. The suspension was not applicable to any adverse impact on the credit of a borrower that was not related to the pandemic. In addition, our banking regulators and other financial regulators, on March 22, 2020 and revised April 7, 2020, issued a joint interagency statement titled the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus that encouraged financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers who were unable to meet their contractual payment obligations due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Pursuant to the interagency statement, loan modifications that did not meet the conditions of Section 4013 of the CARES Act may still qualify as a modification that does not need to be accounted for as a TDR. Specifically, the agencies confirmed with the staff of the Financial Accounting Standards Board that short-term modifications made in good faith in response to the pandemic to borrowers who were current prior to any relief were not TDRs under GAAP. This included short-term (e.g. six months) modifications such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or delays in payment that were insignificant. Borrowers considered current were those that were less than 30 days past due on their contractual payments at the time a modification program was implemented. Appropriate allowances for loan and lease losses were expected to be maintained. With regard to loans not otherwise reportable as past due, financial institutions were not expected to designate loans with deferrals granted due to the pandemic as past due because of the deferral. The interagency statement also stated that during short-term pandemic-related loan modifications, these loans generally should not be reported as nonaccrual. We have received requests from our borrowers for loan and lease deferrals and modifications including the deferral of principal payments or the deferral of principal and interest payments for terms generally - days. Requests are evaluated individually and approved modifications are based on the unique circumstances of each borrower. In total, the Bank had placed approximately million of loans on a loan deferral plan as part of COVID-19 modifications. As of December 31, 2022 , ne of these loans remain on deferral. In accordance with Section 4013 of the CARES Act and the interagency statement, we have not accounted for such loans as TDRs, nor have we designated them as past due or nonaccrual. The purchased credit-impaired loans are not included in these tables because they are carried at fair value and accordingly have no related associated allowance. 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total Loans 

Accruing Impaired Loans 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Recorded Investment 

Impaired Loans With No Allowance 

Impaired Loans With Allowance 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

Construction and land development 

- 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

- 

- 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

Total Impaired Loans 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Recorded Investment 

Impaired Loans With No Allowance 

Impaired Loans With Allowance 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

- 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

December 31, 2021 

Nonaccruing Impaired Loans 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Recorded Investment 

Impaired Loans With No Allowance 

Impaired Loans With Allowance 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

Construction and land development 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

Accruing Impaired Loans 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Recorded Investment 

Impaired Loans With No Allowance 

Impaired Loans With Allowance 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

Construction and land development 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

Total Impaired Loans 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Recorded Investment 

Impaired Loans With No Allowance 

Impaired Loans With Allowance 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

Construction and land development 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

Commercial loans 

Consumer loans 

Total Loans 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank did not recognize a material amount of interest income on impaired loans. 

Commercial real estate 

- 

Construction and land development 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

Accruing Loans 

30-89 Days 

90+ Days 

Nonaccrual 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Current 

Past Due 

Past Due 

Loans 

Total Loans 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

Construction and land development 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

- 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

- 

The Bank categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, such as current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends, among other factors. The Bank analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed on a continuous basis. The Bank uses the following definitions for their risk ratings: Special Mention: Weakness exists that could cause future impairment, including the deterioration of financial ratios, past due status and questionable management capabilities. Collateral values generally afford adequate coverage but may not be immediately marketable. Substandard: Specific and well-defined weaknesses exist that may include poor liquidity and deterioration of financial ratios. The loan may be past due and related deposit accounts experiencing overdrafts. Immediate corrective action is necessary. Doubtful: Specific weaknesses characterized as Substandard that are severe enough to make collection in full unlikely. There is no reliable secondary source of full repayment. Loans classified as doubtful will usually be placed on non-accrual, analyzed and fully or partially charged off based on a review of any collateral and other relevant factors. Nonaccrual: Specific weakness characterized as Doubtful that are severe enough for the loan to be placed on nonaccrual status because collection of all contractual principal and interest payments is considered unlikely. Loans not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed individually as part of the above described process are considered to be Pass rated loans. 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

Construction and land development 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

- 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

- 

Special 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Pass 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Mortgage loans on real estate: 

Residential 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

Construction and land development 

- 

Total mortgage loans on real estate 

- 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

- 

Commercial loans 

- 

Consumer loans 

- 

Total Loans 

- 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs): At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans totaling million and million, respectively, were classified as TDRs and impaired. The restructuring of a loan is considered a TDR if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the Company has granted a concession. The Company restructured loans totaling thousand in 2022 and loans totaling thousand in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 there was residential real estate loan with a balance of thousand and consumer loan with a balance of that were modified within the previous twelve months that were in default of their modified terms. During the year ended December 31, 2021 there was residential real estate loan with a balance of thousand and consumer loan with a balance of thousand that were modified within the previous twelve months that were in default of their modified terms. 

Buildings and improvements 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture, equipment, and vehicle 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense amounted to approximately million in 2022 and million in 2021 . 

 82 
 
 thousand in residential real estate foreclosures for December 31, 2022 and thousand residential in real estate foreclosures for December 31, 2021. An analysis of foreclosed properties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows (in thousands). 

Transfers from loans 

Foreclosed property sold 

() 

() 

Write-down of foreclosed property 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

() 

Write-down of foreclosed property 

Operating expenses, net of rental income 

Total 

() 

() 

Demand deposits, interest bearing 

Money market accounts 

Savings deposits 

Time certificates of 250,000 or more 

Other time certificates 

Totals 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Maturing after 2027 

- 

Total 

CDs 250,000 or more 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Maturing after 2027 

- 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 certificates of deposit 100 thousand or more were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our total deposits in excess of insurance limits were million and million, respectively. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The agreements were secured by investment securities with a fair value of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average interest rate paid on these agreements was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

84 
 
 t have any outstanding advances from the FHLBA. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had outstanding advances from the FHLBA that are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022: 

Advance 

Maturity 
 
 Rate 

Rate Type 

Fixed Rate Hybrid 

Daily Rate Credit 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had outstanding unfunded standby letters of credit with the FHLBA. The Company had pledged under blanket floating liens approximately million and million in residential first mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, commercial real estate loans, and loans secured by multi-family real estate as security for these advances, letters of credit, and possible future advances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The value of the pledged collateral, when using appropriate discount percentages as prescribed by the FHLBA, equals or exceeds the advances and unfunded letters of credit outstanding. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million of additional borrowing capacity under its borrowing arrangement with the FHLBA. Another borrowing source is the Federal Reserve discount window. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had approximately million and million of loans pledged and million and million of available borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve discount window, respectively. At December 31, 2022 the Company had million of outstanding advances from the Federal Reserve discount window. On March 9, 2021, River Financial Corporation (the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with the purchasers signatory thereto providing for a private placement of million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate Subordinated Notes due (the Notes ). The Notes were issued by the Company to the purchasers at a price equal to of their face amount. on March 15th and September 15 th of each year, beginning on September 15, 2021, until the Notes mature. The Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, from and including March 9, 2021 to, but excluding, March 15, 2026. From and including March 15, 2026, but excluding the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current plus basis points. . From and after March 15, 2026, the Company may prepay all or, from time to time, any part of the Notes at of the principal amount (plus accrued interest) without penalty, subject to any requirement under Federal Reserve Board regulations to obtain prior approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System before making any prepayment. The Notes may also be prepaid by the Company at any time after the occurrence of an event that would preclude the Notes from being included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Company. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants, including the requirement that, subject to certain limitations, the Company restructure any portion of the Notes that ceases to be deemed Tier 2 Capital. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to pay off its note with CenterState Bank dated October 31, 2018, including interest accrued on such notes, and the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes, including providing capital to support the organic growth of its bank subsidiary, River Bank. 

Total 

The Company had available lines of credit for overnight federal funds borrowings totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had outstanding federal funds purchased. 

85 

Deferred 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

Statutory federal tax rate 

Tax on income at statutory federal tax rate 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Federal income tax benefit of state income taxes 

() 

() 

Tax exempt income on loans 

() 

() 

Tax exempt income on investments 

() 

() 

Tax exempt income from bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

Federal tax credits 

() 

() 

State income tax 

Other 

Total 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation 

Unrealized losses on investment securities available- for-sale 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Core deposit intangible 

() 

() 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred income tax assets 

86 

Stand-by and performance letters of credit 

Total 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained upon an extension of credit, if deemed necessary by the Company, is based on management s credit evaluation. The type of collateral held varies but may include unimproved and improved real estate, certificates of deposit, or personal property. Standby and performance letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to local businesses. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. 

shares were reserved for possible issuance under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. The maximum term of grants under the plan is and the plan expires after the adoption date. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

to 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

to 

Outstanding at January 1, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

to 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

to 

The total fair value of shares underlying the options which vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of total options outstanding and exercisable options at December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of total options outstanding and exercisable options at December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. Cash received from options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. There was income tax benefit recognized for the exercise of options for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as all options exercised were incentive stock options. As of December 31, 2021, unvested stock options totaled . During 2022, there were stock options that were granted and stock options that vested resulting in unvested stock options of as of December 31, 2022. The stock options granted in 2022 and 2021 have a weighted average calculated value of and , respectively. . The expected life is calculated as the mid-point between the weighted-average time to vesting and the contractual maturity. The expected volatility is the approximate industry average for small bank and holding companies. The risk free interest rate is the U.S. Treasury rate on the day of the option grant for a term equal to the expected life of the option. 

Expected life in years 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

The Company recognized thousand and thousand in compensation expense related to performance share awards during 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately thousand of unrecorded compensation expense related to the performance share awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The Company periodically grants restricted stock awards that vest upon service conditions. Dividend payments are made during the vesting period. The value of restricted stock is determined to be the current value of the Company's stock, and this total value will be recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. 

Vested 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

Non-vested at end of year 

Defined Contribution Plan The Company provides a 401(k) employee stock ownership plan, which covers substantially all of the Company s employees who are eligible, as to age and length of service. A participant may elect to make contributions up to thousand and thousand of the participant s annual compensation in 2022 and 2021 . of each participant s annual compensation and the Company matches of the next contributed by the employee . Contributions to the plan by Company were approximately thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Outstanding shares of the Company s common stock allocated to participants at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and respectively, and there were unallocated shares. These shares are treated as outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share and dividends on these shares are included in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity. The Company s ESOP includes a put option for shares of the Company s common stock distributed from the ESOP. Shares are distributed from the ESOP primarily to separated vested participants and certain eligible participants who elect to diversify their account balances. Since the Company s common stock is not currently traded on an established securities market, if the owners of distributed shares desire to sell their shares, the Company is required to purchase the shares at fair value during put option periods following the distribution of the shares from the ESOP. The first put option period is within sixty days following the distribution of the shares from the ESOP. The second put option period begins on the first day of the fifth month of the plan year for a sixty day period. The fair value of distributed shares subject to the put option totaled as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The cost of the ESOP shares totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Due to the Company s obligation under the put option, the distributed shares and ESOP shares are classified as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of the consolidated statements of financial condition and totaled 4.16 million and 3.12 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The fair value of the ESOP shares totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

Tax credits and other tax benefits recognized 

Tax credit amortization expense included in provision for income taxes 

million and million, respectively. These deposits were taken in the normal course of business at market interest rates. 

New loans 

Repayments 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

89 

>= 

>= 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (To Risk- weighted Assets) 

>= 

>= 

Tier 1 Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

>= 

>= 

Tier 1 Capital (To Average Assets) 

>= 

>= 

As of December 31, 2021: 
 
 Actual 

Required For Capital Adequacy Purposes 
 
 To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Regulations 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 

Total Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

>= 

>= 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (To Risk- weighted Assets) 

>= 

>= 

Tier 1 Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 

>= 

>= 

Tier 1 Capital (To Average Assets) 

>= 

>= 

Investment Securities: Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange and U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored enterprises and municipal bonds. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid markets. Loans and Mortgage Loans Held for Sale The Company does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. When a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment using one of three methods. These methods include collateral value, market value of similar debt, and discounted cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral. Impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral, or loans that are charged down according to the fair value of collateral, require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price, the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When the fair value is based on an appraised value, the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. For disclosure purposes, the fair value of fixed-rate loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. For variable rate loans, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. Mortgage loans held-for-sale are carried at cost, which is a reasonable estimate of fair value. Accrued Interest Receivable For disclosure purposes, the fair value of the accrued interest on investments and loans is the carrying value. Bank Owned Life Insurance For disclosure purposes, the fair value of the cash surrender value of life insurance policies is equivalent to the carrying value. Foreclosed Assets Other real estate properties and miscellaneous repossessed assets are adjusted to fair value upon transfer of the loans to foreclosed assets. Subsequently, foreclosed assets are carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s estimation of the value of the collateral. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price, the Company records the foreclosed asset as nonrecurring Level 2. When fair value is based on an appraised value or management s estimate of value, the Company records the foreclosed asset as nonrecurring Level 3. Restricted equity securities It is not practical to determine the fair value of restricted equity securities due to restrictions placed on transferability. Deposits For disclosure purposes, the fair value of demand deposits, interest-bearing demand deposits, money market accounts, and savings accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed-rate maturity certificates of deposit is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase For disclosure purposes, the fair value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase is the carrying value. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances For disclosure purposes, the fair value of the FHLB advances is based on the quoted value for similar remaining maturities provided by the FHLB. Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window Borrowings For disclosure purposes, the fair value of the Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings is based on the quoted value for similar remaining maturities provided by the Federal Reserve Bank. Subordinated debentures For disclosure purposes, the fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered for similar subordinated debenture offerings. Accrued Interest Payable For disclosure purposes, the fair value of the accrued interest payable on deposits is the carrying value. Commitments to Extend Credit and Standby Letters of Credit Because commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are generally short-term and made using variable rates, the carrying value and estimated fair value associated with these instruments are immaterial. Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis transfers between levels during 2022 or 2021 (in thousands). 

Fair Value Measurements At Reporting Date Using: 

Quoted Prices 

In Active 

Significant 

Markets For 

Other 

Significant 

Identical 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

December 31, 2022: 
 
 Fair Value 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Securities available-for-sale: 

Residential mortgage -backed 

- 

- 

U.S. treasuries 

- 

- 

U.S. government agencies 

- 

- 

State, county, and municipal 

- 

- 

Corporate obligations 

- 

Totals 

- 

Fair Value Measurements At Reporting Date Using: 

Quoted Prices 

In Active 

Significant 

Markets For 

Other 

Significant 

Identical 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

December 31, 2021: 
 
 Fair Value 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Securities available-for-sale: 

Residential mortgage -backed 

- 

- 

U.S. treasuries 

- 

- 

U.S. government agencies 

- 

- 

State, county, and municipal 

- 

- 

Corporate obligations 

- 

- 

Totals 

- 

- 

- 

Additions 

- 

Transfer to Level 3 

- 

Balance at end of year 

- 

Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These include assets that are measured at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period. 

- 

- 

Foreclosed assets 

- 

- 

Totals 

- 

- 

Fair Value Measurements At Reporting Date Using: 

Quoted Prices 

In Active 

Significant 

Markets For 

Other 

Significant 

Identical 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

December 31, 2021: 
 
 Fair Value 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Impaired loans 

- 

- 

Foreclosed assets 

- 

- 

Totals 

- 

- 

The Company has estimated the fair values of these assets using Level 3 inputs, specifically the appraised value of the collateral. Impaired loan balances represent those collateral dependent impaired loans where management has estimated the credit loss by comparing the loan s carrying value against the expected realizable fair value of the impaired loan for the amount of the credit loss. The Company had Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 or 2021. For Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the valuation technique, we used appraisals. For the significant unobservable input, we used appraisal discounts and the weighted average input of - was used. This is for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 

- 

Certificates of deposit in banks 

- 

- 

Securities held-to-maturity 

- 

- 

Securities available-for-sale 

- 

Loans held for sale 

- 

- 

Loans receivable 

- 

Accrued interest receivable 

- 

- 

Bank owned life insurance 

- 

- 

Restricted equity securities 

- 

- 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

- 

- 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

- 

- 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

- 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowings 

- 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

Accrued interest payable 

- 

Estimated Fair Value 

Carrying 

December 31, 2021: 
 
 Amount 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 

- 

Certificates of deposit in banks 

- 

- 

Securities held-to-maturity 

- 

- 

Securities available-for-sale 

- 

- 

Loans held for sale 

- 

- 

Loans receivable 

- 

Accrued interest receivable 

- 

- 

Bank owned life insurance 

- 

- 

Restricted equity securities 

- 

- 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

- 

- 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

- 

- 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

- 

- 

Accrued interest payable 

- 

- 

Limitations Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on many judgments. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. Fair value estimates are based on existing on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. Significant assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments include mortgage banking operations, deferred income taxes and premises and equipment. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in the estimates. 

95 

Investment in River Bank Trust 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets 

- 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Subordinated debentures, net of loan costs 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Common stock related to 401(k) Employee Stock Option Plan 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Unvested restricted stock 

() 

- 

Treasury stock, at cost 

() 

() 

Common stock related to 401(k) Employee Stock Option Plan 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Total income 

- 

Interest expense - note payable 

- 

Interest expense - subordinated debentures 

Legal and other professional fees 

Data processing expense 

Stockholders' meeting expense 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Net income before tax benefit 

() 

Applicable income tax benefit 

() 

() 

Net income before undistributed net income of River Bank Trust 

() 

Equity in undistributed net income of River Bank Trust 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used for) from operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed net income of River Bank Trust 

() 

() 

Deferred income tax 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

- 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets and (decrease) increase in operating liabilities: 

Other assets 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash (used for) from operating activities 

() 

Cash Flows used for investing activities: 

Capital contribution to bank subsidiary 

() 

() 

Net cash used for investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flow (used for) from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net of loan costs 

- 

Repayment of note payable 

- 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Sale of treasury stock 

Cash dividends 

() 

() 

Net cash (used for) from financing activities 

() 

Net change in cash 

() 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

million associated with the Trinity merger. In addition to the goodwill recorded for the Trinity merger, the Company recorded a core deposit intangible asset of approximately million. The core deposit intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated method over from the date of the merger. Amortization expense of thousand and thousand was recorded in 2022 and 2021, respectively. At the close of business on October 31, 2018, the Company recorded goodwill of million associated with the PSB merger. In addition to the goodwill recorded for the PSB merger, the Company recorded a core deposit intangible asset of approximately million. The core deposit intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated method over from the date of the merger. Amortization expense of thousand and thousand was recorded in 2022 and 2021, respectively. At the close of business December 31, 2015, the Company recorded goodwill of million associated with the Keystone merger. During 2016, an adjustment of thousand was made to increase the amount of goodwill. The adjustment was made to the value of stock options and warrants assumed in the Keystone merger. The adjustments were made following the Company s review of additional information that existed at the time of the merger. The adjustment to goodwill increased shareholders equity thousand. In addition to the goodwill recorded for Keystone, the Company recorded a core deposit intangible asset of approximately million. The core deposit intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated method over from the date of the merger. Amortization expense of thousand and thousand was recorded in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Balance at end of year 

Less: accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount 

2024 

- 

2025 

- 

2026 

- 

2027 

- 

Afterward 

- 

Lease Liabilities 
 
 Classification on Consolidated Statement of Condition 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

The calculated amount of the ROU assets and lease liabilities in the table above are impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used to present value the minimum lease payments. The Company s lease agreements often include one or more options to renew at the Company s discretion. If at lease inception, the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. Regarding the discount rate, Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term. For operating leases existing prior to January 1, 2019, the rate for the remaining lease term as of January 1, 2019 was used. Years 

Years 

Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 

January 1, 2024 - December 31 2024 

January 1, 2025 - December 31 2025 

January 1, 2026 - December 31 2026 

January 1, 2027 - December 31 2027 

Afterward 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Amounts representing Interest 

() 

Present value of net future minimum lease payments 

Total rent expense for 2022 and 2021 was approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. 

 99 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There were no disagreements with accountants regarding accounting and financial disclosure matters during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 9.A Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company has carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even the effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in reports that if files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the requisite time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 	 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 	Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 	Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its assessment and those criteria, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Mauldin Jenkins, LLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, as state in their report herein Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 100 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Our Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the name, age, and position, as of December 31, 2022 of the individuals who currently serve as our executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Director Since 

Larry Puckett 

80 

Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

2006 

W. Murray Neighbors 

73 

Director and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 

2015 
 
 1 

James M .Stubbs 

60 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

2006 

Gerald R. Smith, Jr 

69 

Director and President 

2015 
 
 1 

Vernon B. Taylor 

58 

Director 

2006 

Jimmy L. Ridling 

78 

Director 

2006 

John A. Freeman 

75 

Director 

2015 
 
 1 

Brian McLeod 

54 

Director 

2019 
 
 3 

Charles E. Herron 

65 

Director 

2019 

Charles Moore, III 

43 

Director 

2019 
 
 2 

Jason B. Davis 

44 

Executive Vice President, CFO, Secretary of the Board of Directors 

2021 
 
 4 

Gene C. Crane 

58 

Executive Vice President, River Region President, Business Banking Manager 

2021 

1 	Service commenced on December 31, 2015 as a result of the merger between River Financial Corporation and Keystone Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 2 	Service commenced as a result of the Peoples Southern merger. 
 3 	Service commenced as a result of the Trinity merger. 
 4	 Service commenced on June 4, 2021 as a result of Ken Givens retirement. 
 Below is certain information regarding our executive officers and directors individual experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills and brief statements of those aspects of our directors backgrounds that led us to conclude that they should serve as directors or executive officers. 
 Larry Puckett was one of the founding directors of River Bank Trust in 2006, and was appointed as a Director and Chairman of the board of directors at that time. While Mr. Puckett currently remains as the Chairman of the board of directors, he is also the Dealer/Operator and President of Larry Puckett Chevrolet in Prattville, Alabama. Mr. Puckett serves on multiple business and non-profit boards and is considered to be a valued member and successful business person in the automotive industry and his community. 
 W. Murray Neighbors was appointed as a Director and Vice Chairman of the board of directors in 2015 as a result of the Keystone merger effective December 31, 2015. Prior to the merger, Mr. Neighbors was one of the original Members of the Board of Directors and served as Chairman of the board of directors of Keystone Bancshares, Inc. and Keystone Bank in 2007. Mr. Neighbors is retired from the US Treasury Department, but remains an active developer of commercial and residential properties in Auburn, AL. He is managing member of WMN Properties, Member of P T Properties (golf course and restaurant), member of ITC Capital Partners, LLC, and member of CFS 16, LLC. Mr. Neighbors is also very active in his community as a member of the City of Auburn s Commercial Development Authority, has served on the Business Development Committee for the Auburn Chamber of Commerce and as the Treasurer of the Lee County Rotary Club. 
 James M. Stubbs was one of the founding directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of River Bank Trust in 2006. Mr. Stubbs was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of River Financial Corporation and River Bank Trust, effective with the Keystone merger on December 31, 2015. Mr. Stubbs has over twenty-five years of commercial banking experience. Specifically, Mr. Stubbs served as a Vice President in the Consumer and Commercial Lending Departments of Aliant Bank from June 1986 through June 1997. Subsequently, he served as an Area President for Colonial Bank from June 1997 through February 2005, when he left to begin the formation of River Bank Trust. Mr. Stubbs' community involvement includes serving on numerous business and non-profit boards. 
 
 101 
 
 Gerald R. Smith, Jr . was appointed as a Director of the board of directors in 2015 as a result of the Keystone merger effective December 31, 2015. Mr. Smith was also appointed as President of River Financial Corporation and River Bank Trust effective December 31, 2015. Prior to the merger, Mr. Smith was one of the founding directors of Keystone Bank in 2007, and served as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Smith also brings 45 years of banking experience and a long history of community involvement in Gadsden, AL. Prior to forming Keystone Bank, Mr. Smith served as the Area Executive for North Alabama for The Bank with overall responsibility for offices in several cities. He also served as a Senior Banking Officer with The Bank overseeing loan operations and central loan underwriting. 
 Vernon B. Taylor was one of the founding directors of River Bank Trust in 2006, and is currently serving as a Director of River Financial Corporation and River Bank Trust. He has been in aviation for 28 years, and served as a pilot in the US Air Force. Mr. Taylor later founded and directed two aviation service companies based in the River Region, MTW Aerospace Inc. and Universal Turbine Parts. He serves on those boards and is an investor in local commercial real estate. Mr. Taylor is very active in the community while serving on several local boards. 
 Jimmy L. Ridling was one of the founding directors of River Bank Trust in 2006, and was appointed as a Director and Vice Chairman of the board of directors at that time through 2015. While currently serving as a Director of River Financial Corporation and River Bank Trust, Mr. Ridling has had a successful career in the insurance industry and brings a diverse background to the board while serving as Commissioner of the Alabama Department of Insurance from 2008 until his retirement in 2022. He was vice president of the U.S. operations of Firemen s Fund Insurance, and then became President and Chief Executive Officer of Southern Guaranty. Mr. Ridling also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Jackson Hospital and the River Region United Way, a board member of the Montgomery Airport Authority, the Montgomery Area Chamber of Commerce, and the Central Alabama Community Foundation. 
 John A. Freeman was appointed as a Director of the board of directors in 2015 as a result of the Keystone merger effective December 31, 2015. Mr. Freeman is the President of Freeman Land Development, Inc, and has a long history as a community and civic leader in the Gadsden area. He also previously served as an Advisory Director of Superior Bank in Gadsden, AL. 
 
 Brian R. McLeod was appointed as a Director of River Financial Corporation in 2019 as a result of the merger with Trinity Bank effective October 31, 2019. He previously served as the Secretary of the Board of Directors of Trinity Bank. He has served since 2002 as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of The National Security Group, Inc., a publicly traded insurance holding company based in Elba, Alabama. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. McLeod served as the Controller for National Security for eight years. Mr. McLeod is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 
 Charles E. Herron was appointed as a Director of River Financial Corporation in 2019. Mr. Herron is also a Director of River Bank Trust. Mr. Herron has worked in the land and timber business in Alabama for over 35 years. He is the owner and President of Rock Springs Land Timber, Inc. and an ardent supporter of hunting and outdoor conservation efforts. Charles received the Governor s Conservation Achievement Award for Conservation Educator of the Year in 2011. Charles has supported the Alabama Loggers Council, the Alabama Forestry Association and is a member of the Montgomery Area Chamber of Commerce Committee of 100. 
 
 Charles Moore III was appointed as a Director of River Financial Corporation and River Bank Trust s board of directors in 2018 as a result of the merger with Peoples Southern Bank effective October 31, 2018. Mr. Moore is a partner in the Birmingham office of the Bradley Arant Boult Cummings law firm, where he focuses on commercial lending and the representation of community banks. He is also a native of Clanton, Alabama, and served on the board of directors of Peoples Southern Bank for ten years leading up to the 2018 merger with River. Mr. Moore also serves on the executive Committee of Junior Achievement of Alabama, a nonprofit organization that teaches financial literacy, entrepreneurship, and workforce readiness in grades K-12. He is graduate of Vanderbilt University and the University of Virginia School of Law. 
 
 Jason B. Davis began his term as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for River Bank Trust and River Financial Corporation effective June 4, 2021. Mr. Davis began his career as a Certified Public Accountant at Jackson Thornton for 15 years before coming in 2017 to River Bank Trust as Controller. Mr. Davis is very active in the community while serving on several local boards. 
 
 Gene C. Crane began his term as Executive Vice President and Business Banking Manager in 2011. Mr. Crane began his career in community bank lending and business banking in 1987. He spent his first 4 years with AmSouth Bank as Business Banking Manager, 5 years with First Alabama Bank as Commercial Lending Manager, and 15 years with Whitney National Bank as Central Alabama Region President before coming to River Bank Trust. Mr. Crane is very active in the community while serving on several local boards. 

102 
 
 Board Size and Composition 
 
 RB T currently has 24 Directors total, but only 10 of those Directors serve on River Financial Corporation s Board of Directors. Our directors are elected for a one-year term and hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 Director Independence 
 Our board of directors has determined that all of our directors are independent directors, as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2), except Messrs. Stubbs and Smith, who are executive officers. In determining each director s independence, our board of directors considered the services provided, and loan transactions between us or RB T and the director or the director s family members or businesses with which our directors or their family members are associated, and other matters that our board of directors deemed pertinent. In 2021, the Bank engaged in certain transactions with its directors that exceeed 120,000 in amount. Mr. Neighbors is an owner of LouCap, LLC which purchased a 1.315 acre commercial lot owned by the Bank in Auburn, AL for 450.000. The sales price was above the December 2019 appraised amount of 385,000. The Board considered this transaction in reaching its decision regarding the independence of this director. 
 Audit/Compliance Committee 
 The Company s board relies upon the audit committee of RB T to perform the required duties under 12 C.F.R. 363.5 for insured depository institutions, and the Alabama Banking Department s policy on Audit and Risk Management Standards for Alabama, State Chartered Banks. These duties include the appointment, compensation and oversight of the independent public accountant who performs services under the FDICs Part 363, and reviewing with management and the independent public accountant the basis for the reports issued under Part 363. The current members of the Audit/Compliance Committee are Lynn Carter, Banks Herndon, Murray Neighbors, David Smith and David Thrasher. The Board of Directors of the Company and RB T have determined that Murray Neighbors is a financial expert for purposes of the audit committee. Mr. Neighbors retired from a twenty-six year career in federal financial criminal investigations and management oversight where he served as the Director of Review and Program Evaluation for the Criminal Investigation Division of the U.S. Treasury Department. Mr. Neighbors is also an independent director. 
 Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 
 Our board of directors, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, our board of directors has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. Our board of directors oversees an enterprise-wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of organizational objectives, including strategic objectives, to improve long-term organizational performance and enhance stockholder value. As noted above, the positions of Chairman of the Board, held by Mr. Puckett, and Chief Executive Officer, held by Mr. Stubbs, are held by different individuals and have been since the Bank was first formed. The board believes that separating the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interest of River Financial. Having a separate board chairman allows Mr. Stubbs to focus on day-to-day operations and enhances the ability of the board to fulfill its oversight role over management. 
 Additional Information Concerning Directors 
 Our directors serve one-year terms. With the exception of the legacy Keystone directors and executive officers, and Messrs. Moore and McLeod, none of the directors or executive officers were selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding, other than with our directors and executive officers acting within their capacities as such. There are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. None of our directors or executive officers serves as a director of any other company that has a class of securities registered under, or that is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of, the Exchange Act, or any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 other than Brian L. McLeod as noted above. Messrs. Moore and McLeod were added as directors in 2019 as a result of acquisitions. None of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any legal proceedings during the past 10 years that are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers or in which such director or officer had or has a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. The principal occupation and employment during the past five years of each of our directors and executive officers was carried on, in each case except as specifically identified above, with a corporation or organization that is not a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of us. The stock ownership with respect to each of our directors and executive officers is set forth in the table entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management under Item 12 below. 
 
 103 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code that all of the bank s employees, officers and directors must abide by. The Code is approved on an annual basis, and a receipt of acknowledgment and understanding of the Code is required annually by the directors of the board and all bank employees. We will provide, free of charge, a copy of our code to any person upon request made in writing to Karen Thompson Smith, VP Shareholder Relations/Operations Supervisor, P.O. Box 680249, Prattville, Alabama 36068, or by email, ksmith@river.bank . The Code may also be found on our website at www.riverbankandtrust.com. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate, and retain high-quality leadership and incentivize our executive officers to achieve performance goals over the short- and long-term, which also aligns the interests of our executive officers with our stockholders. The following discussion relates to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Jimmy Stubbs, our President, Gerald R. Smith, Jr., our Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Jason B. Davis, and our Executive Vice President (EVP), Gene C. Crane, who are collectively referred to herein as our named executive officers of River Financial Corporation. Our Executive Committee and board of directors has historically reviewed and determined the compensation of our named executive officers on an annual basis. 
 Elements of Executive Compensation 
 We do not currently have employment agreements with any of our executive officers. The compensation of our named executive officers presently consists of base salary, equity awards, non-equity incentive compensation, and certain other benefits, as further described below. 
 Base Salaries: Base salaries for our named executive officers are determined based on each officer s responsibilities, experience, and contributions to our growth, individual performance, Company performance, and general industry conditions. 
 Equity Awards. Our named executive officers participate in the 2015 Incentive Stock Compensation Plan. See plan details on the following page. Grants of equity to our named executive officers under the Incentive Plan have consisted of option awards. These grants provide our named executive officers with the appropriate incentives to continue in our employ and to improve our growth and profitability, serve to align the interests of our named executive officers with our stockholders, and reward our named executive officers for improved Company performance. Any grant recommendations are presented to the Stock Option Committee for approval, and then presented to the full board through an Executive Session for approval. 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation. Our named executive officers are also eligible to receive an annual cash award as a percentage of base salary based on our net income during the year, relative to our budgeted expectations for the year. Any payout recommendations are presented to the Executive Compensation Committee for approval, and then presented to the full board through an Executive Session for approval. 
 
 SERP Arrangements . The Bank has a non-qualified supplemental executive retirement plan (SERP) for each of its named executive officers. The SERP is an employer paid deferred compensation agreement that provides a life-time supplemental retirement income to the employee based on certain vesting and other requirements. The benefits are paid annually upon retirement provided the executive is in good standing with the Bank. The approximate annual payments to each of the named executive officers at retirement would be 100 thousand for Mr. Stubbs, 75 thousand for Mr. Smith, 50 thousand for Mr. Davis, and 50 thousand for Mr. Crane. 
 
 104 
 
 Other Employee Benefits. We provide the following additional benefits to our named executive officers on the same basis as all other eligible employees: 
 Company-sponsored healthcare plans, including coverage for medical, dental, vision and gap insurance benefits; 

a qualified 401(k) employee stock ownership plan with a matching contribution; and 

payment of life, accidental death and dismemberment, and long-term disability insurance premiums. 

Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a summary of the compensation paid to or earned by our named executive officers from the Company. 

Restricted 

Non-Equity 

Option (1) 

Stock (3) 

Incentive Plan 

All Other (2) 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Awards ) 

Awards ) 

Compensation ) 

Compensation ) 

Total ) 

James M. Stubbs 
 
 2022 

326,007 

- 

187,200 

130,995 

41,926 

686,128 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

319,615 

- 

- 

208,694 

41,021 

569,329 

2020 

313,110 

- 

- 

188,863 

29,183 

531,156 

Gerald R. Smith, Jr 
 
 2022 

269,276 

- 

124,800 

108,200 

43,688 

545,964 

President 
 
 2021 

263,996 

- 

- 

172,377 

42,162 

478,535 

2020 

268,623 

- 

- 

155,998 

38,913 

463,534 

Kenneth H. Givens 
 
 2022 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

- 

N/A 

Chief Financial Officer (Retired 6/4/2021) 
 
 2021 

104,582 

- 

- 

43,974 

18,071 

166,627 

2020 

205,843 

- 

- 

82,774 

21,352 

309,969 

Jason B. Davis 
 
 2022 

152,333 

- 

62,400 

55,900 

20,327 

290,960 

Chief Financial Officer (Effective 6/4/2021) 
 
 2021 

147,169 

2,372 

- 

56,250 

18,186 

223,977 

2020 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Gene Crane 
 
 2022 

215,575 

- 

62,400 

70,500 

30,478 

378,953 

Business Banking Manager 
 
 2021 

203,077 

- 

- 

102,000 

24,073 

329,150 

2020 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

(1) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of options and warrants calculated in accordance with FASB Topic 718 as set forth in footnote 1 of River s financial statements. 

(2) All other compensation: 

a. All other compensation for Mr. Stubbs in 2022 includes director fees 16,500), medical and dental insurance 7,173), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 1,098), long term disability 336), company vehicle 2,566), and company match on the 401(K) 12,200). 

b. All other compensation for Mr. Stubbs in 2021 includes director fees 15,000), medical and dental insurance 7,534), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 1,098), long term disability 336), company vehicle 3,153), and company match on the 401(K) 11,600). 

c. All other compensation for Mr. Stubbs in 2020 includes director fees 15,000), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 1,098), long term disability 336), company vehicle 1,349), and company match on the 401(K) 11,400). 

d. All other compensation for Mr. Smith in 2022 includes director fees 16,500), medical and dental insurance 9,596), gap insurance 1,793), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 720), long term disability 336), company vehicle 2,543), and company match on the 401(K) 12,200). 

e. All other compensation for Mr. Smith in 2021 includes director fees 15,000), medical and dental insurance 9,648), gap insurance 1,779), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 720), long term disability 336), company vehicle 3,080), and company match on the 401(K) 11,600). 

f. All other compensation for Mr. Smith in 2020 includes director fees 15,000), medical and dental insurance 8,895), gap insurance 1,545), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 720), long term disability 336), company vehicle 1,415), and company match on the 401(K) 11,004). 

g. All other compensation for Mr. Givens in 2021 includes medical and dental insurance 5,067), gap insurance 964), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 300), long term disability 140), and company match on the 401(K) 11,600). 

105 
 
 h. All other compensation for Mr. Givens in 2020 includes medical and dental insurance 8,895), gap insurance 1,545), life insurance / accidental death and dismemberment 720), long term disability 336), and company match on the 401(K) 9,857). 

i. All other compensation for Mr. Davis in 2022 includes medical and dental insurance 8,855, gap insurance 2,303), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 990), long term disability 336), and company match on the 401(K) 7,843). 

j. All other compensation for Mr. Davis in 2021 includes medical and dental insurance 8,173), gap insurance 2,300), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 990), long term disability 336), and company match on the 401(K) 6,387. 

k. All other compensation for Mr. Crane in 2022 includes medical and dental insurance 10,275), gap insurance 2,303), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 1,098), long term disability 336), company vehicle 4,295), and company match on the 401(K) 12,171). 

l. All other compensation for Mr. Crane in 2021 includes medical and dental insurance 9,008), gap insurance 2,300), life insurance / accidental death dismemberment 1,098), long term disability 336), and company match on the 401(K) 11,331). 

(3) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock grants calculated in accordance with FASB Topic 718 as set forth in footnote 1 of River s financial statements. 

2006 2015 Incentive Stock Compensation Plans 
 General. The 2015 Incentive Stock Compensation Incentive Plan Plan was approved by our stockholders at a special called meeting on December 1, 2015. The purpose of the Incentive Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company by providing financial incentives to eligible persons who are in positions to make significant contributions toward such success. The Plan is designed to attract individuals of outstanding ability to employment with the Company, to encourage such persons to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company, and to render superior performance for the Company. The 2015 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, performance awards, and other stock-based awards to our employees, officers, and directors. The 2015 Incentive Plan reserved for issuance a total of 600,000 shares of our common stock, and the 2006 Incentive Plan reserved for issuance a total of 375,000 shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment in the event of a recapitalization, stock split or similar event. As of March 1, 2023, 327,479 shares of our common stock were subject to outstanding options under the 2006 and 2015 Incentive Plans and 156,000 additional shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2015 Incentive Plan. The 2006 Incentive Plan expired on April 3, 2016. 
 Administration of the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan provides that it will be administered by the Compensation Committee, which has the authority to grant awards under the Incentive Plan, to determine the terms of each award (which are evidenced by a written agreement describing the material terms of the award), to interpret the provisions of the Incentive Plan and to make all other determinations that it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Incentive Plan. 
 Types of Awards Available Under the Incentive Plan. 
 Options The Incentive Plan provides for awards in the form of options to purchase shares of our common stock, either as incentive stock options qualified under Section 422 of the Code or options that are not so qualified (referred to as non-qualified stock options). The exercise price of an option may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price may be paid in cash, or as otherwise provided in the award agreement. 

Stock Appreciation Rights The Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock appreciation rights. The base price of a stock appreciation right may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. The consideration payable upon exercise of a stock appreciation right will be paid in cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, as determined by the Committee. 

Stock Awards The Incentive Plan provides for the grant of restricted or unrestricted stock awards, or restricted stock units (RSU). Stock awards may be issued for any lawful consideration as the Committee may determine, and the consideration may be in the form of services performed, or may be paid in cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 

Performance Awards The Incentive Plan provides for the grant of performance awards that become payable on account of attainment of one or more performance goals established by the Committee. Performance awards may be settled in cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and our common stock, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. Performance goals established by the Committee may be based on our or an affiliate s operating income or one or more other business criteria selected by the Committee that apply to an individual or group of individuals, a business unit, or us or an affiliate as a whole, over such performance period as the Committee may designate. 

106 
 
 Vesting. The Committee has the authority to determine the vesting schedule applicable to each award, and to accelerate the vesting or exercisability of any award. 
 
 107 
 
 Change in Control Transactions . In the event of any transaction resulting in a change in control, outstanding stock options and other awards under the Incentive Plan that are payable in or convertible into our common stock will terminate upon the effective time of such change in control unless provision is made in connection with the transaction for the continuation or assumption of such awards by, or for the substitution of the equivalent awards of, the surviving or successor entity or a parent thereof. In the event of such termination, the holders of such awards will be permitted, immediately before the change in control, to exercise or convert all portions of such awards that are then exercisable or convertible or that will become exercisable or convertible upon or prior to the effective time of the change in control. The Committee may take such actions as it deems appropriate to provide for the acceleration of the exercisability of any or all outstanding stock options or other awards. 
 Adjustments for Other Corporate Transactions. In the event of certain corporate transactions (including a stock dividend or split, spin-off, split-up, dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or share exchange, or similar corporate change that is not part of a transaction resulting in a change in control of us), the Committee will appropriately adjust, if needed, (a) the maximum number and kind of shares reserved for issuance or with respect to which awards may be granted under the Incentive Plan and (b) the terms of outstanding awards, including, but not limited to, the number, kind, and price of securities subject to such awards. 
 Termination and Amendment. Our board of directors may terminate, amend, or modify the Incentive Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided, however, that (i) any such amendment that would require shareholder approval in order to ensure compliance with any applicable rules or regulations; and (ii) any amendment that would change the maximum aggregate number of shares for which Awards may be granted under the Plan (except as required under any adjustments pursuant to Sections 1.03 and 4.01 of the Plan), shall be subject to approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
 108 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, concerning outstanding equity awards previously granted to our named executive officers: 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option / Warrant awards 

Name 
 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 

Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexerciseable (1) 

Option exercise price ) 

Option grant date 
 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Vesting Period from grant date (Years) 

James Stubbs 

10,000 

- 

12.47 

3/13/2013 
 
 3/13/2023 
 
 5 

10,000 

- 

15.00 

1/14/2015 
 
 1/14/2025 
 
 5 

40,000 

- 

16.00 

1/20/2016 
 
 1/20/2026 
 
 5 

20,000 

5,000 

27.00 

11/1/2018 
 
 11/1/2028 
 
 5 

12,000 

8,000 

27.73 

11/1/2019 
 
 11/1/2029 
 
 5 

92,000 

13,000 

Ray Smith 

10,000 

- 

16.00 

1/20/2016 
 
 1/20/2026 
 
 5 

20,000 

- 

27.00 

11/1/2018 
 
 11/1/2028 
 
 3 

15,000 

- 

27.73 

11/1/2019 
 
 11/1/2029 
 
 3 

45,000 

- 

Gene Crane 

2,500 

- 

12.47 

3/13/2013 
 
 3/13/2023 
 
 5 

1,000 

- 

15.00 

1/14/2015 
 
 1/14/2025 
 
 5 

4,500 

3,000 

27.00 

1/16/2019 
 
 1/16/2029 
 
 5 

8,000 

3,000 

Jason Davis 

1,000 

- 

20.25 

4/26/2017 
 
 4/26/2027 
 
 5 

800 

200 

24.50 

4/26/2018 
 
 4/26/2028 
 
 5 

1,800 

1,200 

27.00 

1/16/2019 
 
 1/16/2029 
 
 5 

600 

400 

27.00 

4/26/2019 
 
 4/26/2029 
 
 5 

1,500 

1,000 

27.73 

11/1/2019 
 
 11/1/2029 
 
 5 

400 

600 

28.62 

4/26/2020 
 
 4/26/2030 
 
 5 

200 

800 

26.86 

4/26/2021 
 
 4/26/2031 
 
 5 

6,300 

4,200 

Total 

151,300 

20,200 

(1) Unexerciseable options are subject to time-vesting requirements ranging from three to five years from the grant date. Options subject to time-vesting period of 5 years and 3 years vest 20 and 33.33 per year, respectively, on the grant anniversary date. 

The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, concerning outstanding restricted stock awards previously granted to our named executive officers: 

Restricted Stock 

Number of restricted stock shares granted 

Number of restricted stock shares vested 

Restricted stock grant date 
 
 Vesting Period from grant date (Years) 

James Stubbs 
 
 6,000 

- 

1/1/2022 

5 

Ray Smith 
 
 4,000 

- 

1/1/2022 

3 

Gene Crane 
 
 2,000 

- 

1/1/2022 

5 

Jason Davis 
 
 2,000 

- 

1/1/2022 

5 

Total 
 
 14,000 

- 

109 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 We maintain a tax-qualified 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan, or the ESOP , in which our named executive officers participate, as well as any other eligible employees. The Plan allows participants to contribute up to 100 of their pay on a pre-tax basis into individual retirement accounts, subject to the maximum annual limits set by the IRS. However, no more than 50 of the participant s contribution can be invested in the company stock. The Company s matching employer contribution is in an amount equal to 100 of the first 3 and 50 up to the next 2 of each plan participant s elective deferrals. The employer s matching contributions are currently 100 invested in company stock, and are immediately 100 vested in order to maintain safe harbor status. 
 Director Compensation 
 Fees. The Board may from time to time establish director fees for board and committee meetings to be paid to all directors, including directors who are employed by the Company. Fees are normally paid in December of each year for such years in which services were performed. Fees may be paid in cash or in Company common stock. River Financial Corporation Directors received a director s fee of 16,500 and 15,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 110 
 
 The following table shows fees paid to those persons who were directors of the Bank in 2022 and 2021. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 

Year 
 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 

(1) (2) Stock Awards ) 

Total ) 

Larry Puckett 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Jimmy L. Ridling 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Lynn M. Carter 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Charles E. Herron 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Jerry C. Kyser, Jr. 

2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

David R. Thrasher 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

R. Shepherd Morris 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Bolling P. Starke, III 

2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

David B. Smith 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Vernon B. Taylor 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

Dorothy Sanford 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Adolph Weil, III 

2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

James M. Stubbs 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Gerald R. Smith, Jr 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Banks Herndon 

2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

Boles Pegues 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Howard J. Porter, Jr. 
 (4) 
 
 2022 

28 

6,848 

6,876 

John A. Freeman 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Charles Moore, III 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

John Y. Reynolds 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Brian McLeod 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

Robbin Thompson 

2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Jonathan Traylor 

2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

Lucian Newman 

2022 

6 

16,494 

16,500 

W. Murray Neighbors 
 (3) 
 
 2022 

16,500 

N/A 

16,500 

Larry Puckett 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Jimmy L. Ridling 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Lynn M. Carter 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Charles E. Herron 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

Jerry C. Kyser, Jr. 

2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

David R. Thrasher 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

R. Shepherd Morris 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Bolling P. Starke, III 

2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

David B. Smith 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Vernon B. Taylor 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

Dorothy Sanford 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Adolph Weil, III 

2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

James M. Stubbs 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Gerald R. Smith, Jr 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Banks Herndon 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Boles Pegues 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Howard J. Porter, Jr. 

2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

John A. Freeman 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Charles Moore, III 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

John Y. Reynolds 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Brian McLeod 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

Robbin Thompson 

2021 

24 

14,976 

15,000 

Jonathan Traylor 

2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

Lucian Newman 

2021 

24 

14,976 

24 

W. Murray Neighbors 
 (3) 
 
 2021 

15,000 

N/A 

15,000 

(1) During 2019, the Company adopted a director fee compensation plan which allows directors to receive all or a portion of their director compensation in the form of Company stock. 

(2) The aggregate grant date fair value is computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(3) Holding Company Director. 6,600 and 6,000 of compensation was paid from River Financial Corporation with the remainder paid from the Bank in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(4) Director Howard Porter vacated his spot on the board in 2022. 

111 

Change in Control Agreements 
 River Bank Trust has change in control agreements with Jimmy Stubbs, Chief Executive Officer, Gerald R. Smith, President, Jason B. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Offer, and Gene C. Crane, Executive Vice President and Business Banking Manager, and six other executive officers of the bank. Mr. Stubbs and Mr. Smith s agreements are for a term of 36 months and renew annually, and the agreements for all other executive officers are for 24 months and renew annually. 
 The agreements define a change in control as (a) a change in control as defined by the bank s primary federal bank regulator; (b) a merger or business combination or contested election where non-employee directors cease to be a majority of directors; (c) the bank transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another entity which is not an affiliate of the bank; (d) the bank is merged with another corporation or entity and less than 60 of the equity interest in the surviving corporation is owned by former shareholders of the bank; or (3) the bank sells or transfers more than 50 of its equity interest to persons not affiliated with the bank. 
 Except for Mr. Stubbs and Mr.Smith, the agreements are double trigger agreements, which means that the employee receives benefits only if there is a change in control, and either an employee terminates employment for good reason, which includes a material diminution in employee s authority, duties or responsibilities, or salary, or there is a relocation of employee s principal place of business to a location outside a radius of 35 miles of employee s principal place of business at the time of the change in control. 
 Except for Mr. Stubbs and Mr. Smith, if within two years after a change in control, an employee resigns for good reason or is terminated other than for cause, the employee will receive insurance and health benefits for 18 months plus a lump sum cash payment equal to 1.5 times employee s base amount of compensation. 
 Mr. Stubbs and Mr. Smith s agreements provide that upon a change in control, each person shall receive a lump sum cash payment equal to 2.99 times the base amount of compensation and if employment is terminated within three years after a change in control, each person will continue to receive health and insurance benefits for 36 months. 
 If an employee is terminated for cause, as defined in the agreements, or resigns prior to a change in control, the employee receives no compensation or benefits from the agreement . 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 1, 2023 by: 
 each of our directors; 

our Named Executive Officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table; 

all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each stockholder known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of March 1, 2023, pursuant to derivative securities, such as options or RSUs, are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Percentage of ownership is based on an aggregate of 6,673,385 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 1, 2023. 
 112 
 
 Except as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such stockholder. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage of Outstanding Shares (1) 

Named Directors Executive Officers 

Larry Puckett 

136,619 

2.05 

Jim Ridling 

100,352 

1.50 

Vernon B Taylor 

138,206 

2.07 

James M Stubbs 

260,330 
 
 (2) 

3.90 

Gerald R Smith, Jr 

136,250 
 
 (3) 

2.04 

W. Murray Neighbors 

60,002 

0.90 

John A. Freeman 

25,496 

0.38 

Charles E. Herron 

156,947 

2.35 

Brian McLeod 

13,492 

0.20 

Charles Moore, III 

18,147 

0.27 

Gene C. Crane 

24,034 
 
 (4) 

0.36 

Jason B. Davis 

8,900 
 
 (5) 

0.13 

Executive Officers and Directors as a Group 

1,078,775 

16.17 

5 Stockholders known by us 
 
 N/A 

(1) Based upon total outstanding shares as of March 1, 2023. Percentages are calculated for each person assuming the exercise of options or warrants held by such person but that no other person exercises options or warrants. For the directors and executive officers as a group, the percentage is determined by assuming that each director and executive officer exercises all options and warrants but that no other person exercises options or warrants. 

(2) James M. Stubbs ownership includes 82,000 vested options not yet exercised. Also includes 41,875 shares held in a trust where Mr. Stubbs is the trustee, but not the beneficiary of the trust. 

(3) Gerald R. Smith, Jr. s ownership includes 45,000 vested options not yet exercised. 

(4) Gene C. Crane s ownership includes 7,000 vested options not yet exercised. 

(5) Jason B. Davis ownership includes 6,900 vested options not yet exercised. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Banking Transactions 
 We and our subsidiaries may engage in transactions with directors, officers, employees, and other related parties only to the extent that such activities are permitted by, and consistent with, applicable laws and regulations. Federal and state regulations impose a number of restrictions on transactions and dealings between insured depository institutions and related parties. In general, these transactions are subject to certain quantitative limitations and are required to be on substantially the same terms and conditions as are available for transactions between the institution and unrelated parties. Related parties include our directors and officers, their spouses, and certain members of their immediate families, as well as other persons or entities with which we have certain relationships, as set forth in federal and state regulations. 
 We have had in the past, and expect to have in the future, banking transactions in the ordinary course of business with our directors, officers, and principal stockholders, and their associates, on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties. Such transactions are not expected to involve more than the normal risks of collectability nor present other unfavorable features to us. Loans to individual directors and officers must also comply with our lending policies and statutory lending limits. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 113 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 
 During the period covering the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mauldin Jenkins, LLC performed the following professional services. The retention of Mauldin Jenkins, LLC with respect to the services outlined below was approved in advance by the audit committee. In accordance with the Company s audit committee pre-approval procedures, the audit committee approved the retention of the independent accountants, the length of its engagement, and the services performed. The independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is Mauldin Jenkins, LLC (PCAOB Firm ID NO. 00669) located in Birmingham, Alabama. 

Description 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

179,126 

157,385 

Audit-Related Fees 

- 

- 

Tax Fees 

9,925 

9,200 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

114 
 
 Item 15. Inde x to Exhibits 
 Documents Filed as Part of this Report. 
 (1) The following financial statements are incorporated by reference from Item 8 hereof: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. 

(3) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K, and this list includes the Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of River Financial Corporation, as amended, included as Exhibit 3.1 in the River Financial Corporation Form 10-K filed March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of River Financial Corporation, as amended, included as Exhibit 3.2 in the River Financial Corporation 10-K filed March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.3 
 
 Amendments to bylaws of River Financial Corporation dated October 16, 2019, included as Exhibit 3.3 in the River Financial Corporation 10-Q filed November 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 
 Article IV and Article V of the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, filed at Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrants Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2019, and Article II and Article VI of the bylaws, as amended, included as Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrants Form 10-K filed March 28, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 
 
 Form of 4.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031, included as Exhibit 4.1 in the River Financial Corporation Form 8-K, filed on March 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.1 
 
 River Financial 2006 Stock Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.2 
 
 River Financial Change in Control Agreement for Jimmy Stubbs filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.3 
 
 River Financial Change in Control Agreement for Kenneth H. Givens filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 
 River Financial Change in Control Agreement for Joel K. Winslett filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.5 
 
 River Financial Change in Control Agreement for Ray Smith filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.6 
 
 River Financial Change in Control Agreement for Boles Pegues filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.7 
 
 River Financial Employment Term Sheet for Ray Smith filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.8 
 
 River Financial Employment Term Sheet for Boles Pegues filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

115 

10.9 
 
 River Bank Trust Form of Warrant Agreement, assumed by River Financial filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.10 
 
 River Financial 2015 Incentive Stock Compensation Plan filed as Annex E to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

10.11 
 
 Loan Agreement between River Financial Corporation and CenterState Bank filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K/A filed November 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, between River Financial Corporation and certain accredited investors, included as Exhibit 10.1 in the River Financial Corporation Form 8-K, filed on March 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.13 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between River Financial Corporation and ServisFirst Bank files as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, filed on November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of River Financial Corporation, filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, registration no. 333-205986 filed on July 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Mauldin and Jenkins, LLC (Filed herewith) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Filed herewith) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Filed herewith) 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Filed herewith) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Incli ne XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

116 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 117 
 
 Signa tures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Prattville, State of Alabama, on March 14, 2023. 

RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 /s/ James M. Stubbs 

James M. Stubbs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Duly Authorized Representative) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1994, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated. 

/s/ James M. Stubbs 
 
 CEO and Director 

James M. Stubbs 

/s/ Jason B. Davis 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Jason B. Davis 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Larry Puckett 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Board 

Larry Puckett 

/s/ W. Murray Neighbors 
 
 Director and Vice Chairman of the Board 

W. Murray Neighbors 

/s/ Gerald R. Smith 
 
 Director and President 

Gerald R. Smith 

/s/ Vernon B. Taylor 
 
 Director 

Vernon B. Taylor 

/s/ Jimmy L. Ridling 
 
 Director 

Jimmy L. Ridling 

/s/ John A. Freeman 
 
 Director 

John A. Freeman 

/s/ Charles E. Herron 
 
 Director 

Charles E. Herron 

/s/ Charles Moore, III 
 
 Director 

Charles Moore, III 

/s/ Brian McLeod 
 
 Director 

Brian McLeod 

March 14, 2023 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act. 
 
 To date no annual report or proxy statement has been furnished to shareholders. The registrant shall furnish to the Commission copies of its proxy statement when sent to security holders. 
 
 118 

<EX-23>
 2
 ck0001641601-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-209352) on Form S-8 of River Financial Corporation of our report dated March 14, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, of River Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Mauldin Jenkins, LLC 
 
 Birmingham, Alabama 
 March 14,2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0001641601-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, James M. Stubbs, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of River Financial Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this period report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

March 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ James M. Stubbs 

James M. Stubbs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0001641601-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jason B. Davis, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of River Financial Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this period report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

March 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jason B. Davis 

Jason B. Davis 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0001641601-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 CERTIFICATES PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of River Financial Corporation, an Alabama corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of James M. Stubbs, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Jason B. Davis, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained i n the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

/s/ James M. Stubbs 

James M. Stubbs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

Date: March 14, 2023 

RIVER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

/s/ Jason B. Davis 

Jason B. Davis 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and accounting officer) 

Date: March 14, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to River Financial Corporation and will be retained by River Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ck0001641601-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ck0001641601-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ck0001641601-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 ck0001641601-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ck0001641601-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

