<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1117057_0001213900-23-025301.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8001901</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180846</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1658557</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1675954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2127654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2164869</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025301.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331144652
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Planet Green Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED, FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT, VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		23786771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130-30 31ST AVE, SUITE 512
		CITY:			FLUSHING
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11354
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-799-0380

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130-30 31ST AVE, SUITE 512
		CITY:			FLUSHING
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11354

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025301.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_planetgreen.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________to ____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive office and zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered American 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock,
par value 0.001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant (using the NYSE American closing price of 0.79 as of June 30, 2022,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock (ordinary shares), as of the latest practicable date: As of March 31, 2023, there were
 common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

List hereunder the following documents if incorporated
by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENT 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 17 

PART II 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 20 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 24 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 24 

PART III 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 28 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 29 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 30 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 30 

PART IV 
 
 31 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 31 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 33 

i 

PART I 

Use of Certain Defined Terms 

In this annual report on Form 10-K/A: 

Allinyson refers to Allinyson Ltd., a company incorporated
in the State of Colorado. 

Anhui Ansheng refers to Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company. 

Bless Chemical refers to Bless Chemical Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in Hong Kong. 

China and PRC refer to the People s Republic of China including Hong Kong and Macau. 

Fast Approach refers to Fast Approach Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada. 

Hubei Bulaisi or WFOE Refers to Hubei Bulaisi Technology Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company. 

Jiayi Technologies or WFOE refers to Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company and a wholly foreign-owned enterprise, formerly known as Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

Jilin Chuangyuan refers to Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company. 

Jingshan Sanhe refers to Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company. 

Promising Prospect refers to Promising Prospect HK Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong. 

Planet Green refers to Planet Green Holdings Corp., a Nevada holding company. 

Promising Prospect BVI refers to Promising Prospect Limited, formerly known as Planet Green Holdings Corporation, a British Virgin Islands company. 

RMB refers to Renminbi, the legal currency of China. 

Shanghai Shuning refers to Shanghai Shuning Advertising Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company. 

Shandong Yunchu Refers to Shandong Yunchu Supply Chain Co., Ltd., PRC limited liability company. 

U.S. dollar , and US refer to the legal currency of the United States. 

VIE refers to our variable interest
 entity Jilin Chuanyuan. 

We, us , our, and the Company refer to Planet Green Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation, and, except where the context requires otherwise, our wholly-owned subsidiaries and VIE. 

Xianning Bozhuang refers to Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd., a PRC limited liability company. 

Shine Chemical refers to Shine Chemical Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands. 

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), including,
without limitation, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words expect, 
 anticipate, intend, believe, or similar language. All forward-looking statements included in
this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and the Company assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements. Our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview of Our Business 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. (the
 Planet Green ), headquartered in Flushing, NY, is not an operating company in the PRC but a Nevada holding company with
its operations conducted through its subsidiaries in the PRC, U.S., Hong Kong and Canada (the Subsidiaries and
through contractual arrangements with its variable interest entity, Jilin Chuanyuan (the VIE ), which is a company
incorporated in the PRC. Planet Green is engaged in a number of diverse business activities, including consumer products, chemical
products, and online advertising and mobile game. The VIE is consolidated for accounting purpose only and Planet Green does not
own any equity interest in the VIE. Investors may never directly hold equity interests in the VIE. The VIE structure is used to
provide investors with exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where Chinese law prohibits or limits direct foreign
investment in the operating companies. However, our contractual arrangements with the VIE are not equivalent of an investment in
the VIE. Investors of our securities thus are not purchasing equity interest in the VIE and their subsidiaries in China but
instead are purchasing equity interest in a Nevada holding company. Such VIE arrangement is not identical to owning such entities
directly, and investors will own shares in a holding company with contracts with the VIE and will not have any equity ownership of
such VIE itself. The VIE arrangement may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the VIE.
Direct ownership would allow us, for example, to directly or indirectly exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in
the boards of directors, which, in turn, could affect changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations at the management
level. However, under the VIE arrangement, as a legal matter, if the VIE or its shareholders fail to perform their respective
obligations under the VIE arrangement, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend significant resources to enforce those
arrangements and resort to litigation or arbitration and rely on legal remedies under PRC laws. These remedies may include seeking
specific performance or injunctive relief and claiming damages, any of which may not be effective. In the event we are unable to
enforce these VIE Agreements or we experience significant delays or other obstacles in the process of enforcing the VIE arrangement,
we may lose control over the assets owned by the VIE. 

Our corporate structure is subject to risks relating
to our contractual arrangements with our VIE and its shareholders. Such contractual arrangements have not been tested in any of the
PRC courts. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations,
and rules relating to these contractual arrangements. If the PRC government finds these contractual arrangements non-compliant with the
restrictions on direct foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if the relevant PRC laws, regulations, and rules or the interpretation
thereof change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in the VIE or forfeit
our rights under the contractual arrangements. We and investors face uncertainty about potential future actions by the PRC government,
which could affect the enforceability of our contractual arrangements with our VIE and consequently, significantly affect the financial
condition and results of operations of us. If we are unable to claim our right to control the assets of the VIE, our common stock may
decline in value or become worthless. The PRC government could even disallow the VIE structure completely, which would likely result in
a material adverse change in our operations and our common stock may significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

Under our corporate structure, our ability to pay
dividends and to service any debt we may incur and pay our operating expenses principally depends on dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries
and VIE. Cash is transferred through our organization in the manner as follows: (1) we may transfer funds to our WFOEs through our Hong
Kong subsidiaries, Promising Prospect HK Limited, and Bless Chemical Co., Ltd. (HK) by additional capital contributions or shareholder
loans, as the case may be; (2) the VIE may pay service fees to our PRC subsidiaries for services rendered by our PRC subsidiaries; (3)
our PRC subsidiaries may pay service fees to the VIE for services rendered by the VIE; and (4) our PRC subsidiaries may make dividends
or other distributions to the Planet Green. We do not have cash management policies dictating how funds are transferred throughout our
organization. We may encounter difficulties in our ability to transfer cash between PRC subsidiaries and non-PRC subsidiaries largely
due to various PRC laws and regulations imposed on foreign exchange. If we intend to distribute dividends to the Planet Green, our WFOEs
will transfer the dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiaries in accordance with the laws and regulations of the PRC, and then our Hong Kong
subsidiaries will transfer the dividends to the Planet Green, and the dividends can be distributed from the Planet Green to all shareholders
respectively in proportion to the shares they hold, regardless of whether the shareholders are U.S. investors or investors in other countries
or regions. However, there can be no assurance that the PRC government will not intervene or impose restrictions on the Company s
ability to transfer cash out of China. In 2022, our PRC subsidiaries did not receive any cash benefits from the VIE for services rendered
to the VIE and its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the VIE owns 2,871,665 to our WFOE. As of December 31, 2022, we were not
subject to any actual foreign exchange restrictions. The foregoing cash flows include all distributions and transfers between Planet Green,
our PRC subsidiaries and the VIE as of the date of this annual report. As of the date of this annual report, none of our subsidiaries
have ever issued any dividends or made other distributions to the Planet Green nor have Planet Green ever paid dividends or made other
distributions to U.S. investors. We currently intend to retain all future earnings to finance the VIE s and our subsidiaries 
operations and to expand their business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any limitation
on the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute dividends to us or on the ability of the VIE to make payments to us may restrict our
ability to satisfy our liquidity requirements. To the extent cash or assets in the business is in the PRC or Hong Kong or in a PRC or
Hong Kong entity, and may need to be used to fund operations outside of the PRC or Hong Kong, the funds and assets may not be available
to fund operations or for other uses outside of the PRC or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations
by the government on our subsidiaries or the VIE s ability to transfer cash and assets. 

2 

We face various legal and operational risks and
uncertainties related to being based in and having significant operations in mainland China. The PRC government has significant authority
to exert influence on the ability of a China-based company, such as us, to conduct its business, accept foreign investments or list on
U.S. or other foreign exchanges. For example, we face risks associated with regulatory approvals of offshore offerings, oversight on cybersecurity
and data privacy, as well as the lack of inspection by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB on our
auditors. Such risks could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of the common stock or could significantly limit
or completely hinder our ability to offer common stock and/or other securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless. These regulatory risks and uncertainties could become applicable to our Hong Kong subsidiary if
regulatory authorities in Hong Kong adopt similar rules and/or regulatory actions. 

Because our operations are primarily located in
the PRC and Hong Kong through our subsidiaries and VIE, we are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with our operations
in China and Hong Kong, including changes in the legal, political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relations between
China and the United States, or Chinese or United States regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore,
these risks may result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock, or could significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations
in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas using a variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity
reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. We do not believe that our subsidiaries and VIE are directly subject
to these regulatory actions or statements, as we have not implemented any monopolistic behavior and our business does not involve the
collection of user data or implicate cybersecurity. As of the date of this annual report, no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC explicitly
require us to seek approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), Cyberspace Administration of China
(the CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for our offering, nor has our Nevada holding company or any of our subsidiaries
or our VIE received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanctions regarding our offering from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities.
However, since these statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation
rules have not been issued, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what
existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential
impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments
and list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. The Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, or other
PRC regulatory authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations or implementing rules that requires our company or any of our
subsidiaries to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before offering in the U.S. In other words, although the Company is
currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC central or local government to obtain such permission and has not received
any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly; our ability to offer, or
continue to offer, securities to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our securities might significantly decline or
be worthless, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental
authorities, if we or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that
such permissions or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain
such permissions or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption by PRC governmental with little advance notice. 

As of the date of this annual report, the two Hong
Kong subsidiaries of Planet Green do not have any material operation in Hong Kong and they have not collected, stored, or managed any
personal information in Hong Kong. Therefore, we have concluded that currently it does not expect that laws and regulations in Mainland
China on data security, data protection, cybersecurity or anti-monopoly to be applied to its Hong Kong subsidiaries or that the oversight
of the Cyberspace Administration of China will be extended to its operations outside of Mainland China. 

3 

In order to operate our business, in addition
to the required regular business licenses, Jingshan Sanhe is required to obtain Permit for Hazardous Chemical Products, Jilin
Chuangyuan is required to obtain Safe Production License, and Shandong Yunchu is required to obtain Permit for Food Products. As of
the date of this annual report, our subsidiaries, WFOEs and VIE have received from PRC authorities all requisite licenses,
permissions, and approvals needed to engage in the businesses currently conducted in the PRC, and no permission or approval has been
denied. However, we cannot assure you that any of these entities will be able to receive clearance of such compliance
requirements in a timely manner, or at all in the future. Any failure of these entities to fully comply with such compliance
requirements may cause our PRC subsidiaries or the PRC operating entities to be unable to begin their new businesses or operations
in the PRC, subject them to fines, relevant new businesses or operations suspension for rectification, or other sanctions. 

As advised by our PRC counsel, Hubei Kaicheng Law
Offices, as of the date of this annual report, our subsidiaries, WFOEs and VIE, (i) are not required to obtain additional permissions
or approvals to operate their current business, (ii) are not required to obtain permission from the CSRC, the CAC, or any other Chinese
authorities to issue our securities to foreign investors based on PRC laws and regulations currently in effect, and (iii) have not
received or were denied such permission by any Chinese authorities. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC regulatory agencies, including
the CAC or the CSRC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that the VIE and its subsidiaries are always able to
successfully update or renew the licenses or permits required for the relevant business in a timely manner or that these licenses or permits
are sufficient to conduct all of their present or future business. If the VIE, WFOEs or any of its subsidiaries (i) does not receive
or maintain required permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently concludes that such permissions or approvals are not required,
or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and the VIE or any of its subsidiaries is required to obtain such
permissions or approvals in the future, it could be subject to fines, legal sanctions, or an order to suspend their relevant services,
which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our securities to significantly
decline in value or become worthless. 

In light of the recent statements and regulatory
actions by the PRC government, such as those related to the use of variable interest entities, data security, and anti-monopoly concerns,
Planet Green may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard, and if Chinese regulatory
authorities disallow the VIE structure, that may result in a material change in our operations and/or value of our securities, including
that the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. Planet Green may also be subject to penalties and sanctions
imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CSRC, if it fails to comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely
affect the ability of Planet Green to continue to be listed for trading on NYSE American or another foreign exchange, which may cause
the value of Planet Green s securities to significantly decline or become worthless. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
(the HFCA Act and related regulations call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market
companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors and could add uncertainties to Planet Green s offering that trading
in Planet Green s securities may be prohibited under the HFCA Act. Planet Green s auditor, YCM CPA Inc., is headquartered
in California and has been inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB on a regular
basis. Our auditor is not included in the list of PCAOB Identified Firms of having been unable to be inspected or investigated completely
by the PCAOB in the PCAOB Determination Report issued in December 2021. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if enacted, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering
the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. On December 29, 2022, the President signed the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2023, which, among other things, amended the HFCAA to reduce the number of consecutive years an issuer can be identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer before the Commission must impose an initial trading prohibition on the issuer s securities from three years to two years.
Therefore, once an issuer is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years, the Commission is required under
the HCFAA to prohibit the trading of the issuer s securities on a national securities exchange and in the over-the-counter market.
Although we believe that the HFCA Act and the related regulations do not currently affect us, we cannot assure you that there will not
be any further implementations and interpretations of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or the related regulations, which
might pose regulatory risks to and impose restrictions on us because of our operations in mainland China. 

4 

Planet Green is engaged in a number of diverse
businesses, including consumer products, chemical products, advertising and mobile game. 

Consumer Products Business 

The Company s consumer products business
is conducted through two subsidiaries: Shandong Yunchu and Xianning Bozhuang. 

Shandong Yunchu imports and distributes animal
proteins, mainly beef products in Chinese market. It markets and transports the best beef products from the world s major agricultural
regions. Shandong Yunchu has the mature global purchasing network and has gained the trust and authority of many international brands with
more than 7 years of development and accumulation. Beef products are marketed domestically to food retailers, foodservice distributors,
restaurant operators, hotel chains and other food processors. Over the past few years, Yunchu develops into a professional integrated
company, which can manage import, storage, whole sale, retail and distribution. 

Xianning Bozhuang produces and distributes a variety
of Chinese tea leaves broadly categories including Cyan brick tea, black tea and green tea in China. 

Competition 

Shandong Yunchu mainly purchased frozen beef from
six countries: Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Australia and New Zealand and 25 factories are involved. The top ten suppliers include:
Marrig, Minerva S.A., G K O Connor Pty Ltd, Frigorifico matadero Pando ontilcor S.A., Las Moras, Frigorifico de Osorno S.A.,
Ersinal S.A. ecoparks S.A., lorsinal S.A., and Minerva S.A. The Company has established a stable long term cooperative relationship with
these beef and mutton manufacturers. The stable supply provides competitive advantage for Company to procure various various beef products
with high quality and low price to meet the needs of domestic customers. 

Our food products compete with those of other food
producers and processors and certain prepared food manufacturers. We seek to achieve a leading market position for our products via our
principal marketing and competitive strategy, which includes: 

identifying
 target markets for value-added products; 

concentrating
 production, sales and marketing efforts to appeal to and enhance demand from those markets;
 and 

utilizing
 our national distribution systems and customer support services. 

Past efforts indicate customer demand can be increased
and sustained through application of our marketing strategy, as supported by our distribution systems. The principal competitive elements
are price, product safety and quality, brand identification, innovation, breadth and depth of product offerings, availability of products,
customer service and credit terms. 

Black tea is produced in Guangxi, Sichuan, Yunnan,
Hunan, Hubei, Shanxi and Anhui provinces in China. Our black tea products are processed in our factory in Hubei province and distributed
nationwide. There are few large players on the market but we face fierce competition from numerous small black tea manufactures and distributors.
However, as our brand has over hundreds of year s history, we have accumulated loyal consumers and gained favorable market reputation
over years. 

5 

Chemical Business 

Jilin Chuangyuan is a leading chemical
enterprise integrating R D, production and sales. It is a large-scale enterprise in the production of formaldehyde and urea
formaldehyde glue in Chinese northeast provinces and it is the only enterprise in Jilin province to produce and sell formaldehyde.
The main products are sold to wood-based panel, chemical, pharmaceutical and construction enterprises in Jilin and Liaoning
provinces. Jilin Chuangyuan has two formaldehyde production lines, eight rubber production units, one methylal production line and
one clean fuel oil production line, which produces 270,000 tons of chemical products every year. Its products include mainly
Industrial formaldehyde, E1 grade, E0 grade and UF resin for waterproof particleboard. 

Jingshan Sanhe has four production lines on an 11,000-square-meter
facility and capacities to complete manufacturing, labeling, and packaging. Jingshan Sanhe researches, manufactures and distributes ethanol
fuel products in China. 

Competition 

The specialty chemical industry comprises a number
of companies similar in size to the Jilin Chuangyuan, as well as companies larger and smaller than Jilin Chuangyuan. The Company cannot readily
determine its precise competitive position in every industry it serves. However, the Company estimates it holds a leading regional position
in the market for production of formaldehyde and urea formaldehyde glue in Chinese northeast provinces. Competition in the industry is
based primarily on the ability to supply products that meet the needs of the customer and to a lesser extent, on price. Since its inception,
the company has developed rapidly relying on advanced enterprise management and safe, effective, exclusive patented products and strong
marketing strength. The production scale of formaldehyde is ranking top three among provinces in northeast China. The production scale
of urea-formaldehyde glue attains the first place in China. Our enterprise comprehensive strength is considered first tier among all companies
in northeast China. 

There are many other companies operating in the
renewable energy. Evolving consumer preferences, regulatory conditions, ongoing industry trends, and project economics have a strong effect
on the competitive landscape. The clean energy markets are heavily fragmented. We believe we are in a strong position to compete for new
project development and supply opportunities. Competition for such opportunities, however, including the prices being offered for fuel
supply, affect the profitability of the opportunities we pursue, and may make opportunities unsuitable to pursue. Jingshan Sanhe is one
of the top ten private enterprises in the region of Jingshan with 12 patents, 17 sets of professional laboratory equipment and 2 advanced
and complete production lines. 

The market for vehicle fuels is highly competitive.
The biggest competition for alcohol-based high clean fuel used as a vehicle fuel is gasoline and diesel because most vehicles in our key
markets are powered by these fuels. Many established businesses are in the market for alcohol-based high clean fuels and other alternatives
for use as vehicle fuel, including alternative vehicle and alternative fuel companies, refuse collectors, industrial gas companies, truck
stop and fuel station owners, fuel providers, utilities and their affiliates and other organizations. 

If the alternative vehicle fuel market grows then
the number and type of participants in this market and their level of capital and commitments to alternative vehicle fuel programs will
increase. We compete for vehicle fuel users based on demand for the type of fuel, which may be affected by a variety of factors, including,
among others, cost, supply, availability, quality, cleanliness, and safety of the fuel; cost, availability and reputation of vehicles
and engines; convenience and accessibility of fueling stations; regulatory mandates and other requirements; and recognition of the brand.
We believe we compare favorably with our competitors based on these factors; however, some of our competitors have substantially greater
financial, marketing, and other resources than we have. As a result, these competitors may be able to respond more quickly to changes
in customer preferences, legal requirements or other industry or regulatory trends; devote greater resources to the development, promotion
and sale of their products; adopt more aggressive pricing policies, dedicate more effort to infrastructure and systems development in
support of their business or product development activities; implement more robust or creative initiatives to advance consumer acceptance
of their products; or exert more influence on the regulatory landscape that impacts the vehicle fuels market. 

6 

Advertising Business and Mobile Game Business 

Fast Approach is a North America demand
side platform that directly connects to Chinese market without middleman and is supported by world class data science researchers among
some well-respected universities in North America. A demand-side platform is a system that allows buyers of digital advertising inventory
to manage multiple ad exchange and data exchange through one interface. Fast Approach builds full audience scale model, extracts audience
features, optimizes advertising campaign strategies. 

Allinyson is an entrepreneurial game company which
has the capacity to conduct independent research, development, and operations, aiming to create the most popular and world-class influential
game products. The company adheres to the team building concept of "Small but Precise" and carries out the development and operation
of game business with the core R D and operation backbone. It has developed and operated several fun and relaxing games which ranked
top in the Philippines in terms of downloads and users. Block Puzzle is the crown jewel among all the games with its top ranking in the
overall APP ranking in the Philippines. 

Competition 

The Trade Desk is the largest, independent
programmatic advertising DSP for digital media buyers in the world. The Trade Desk launched its programmatic ad buying platform in
China, in 2019 facilitating access to Chinese media companies, such as Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu Exchange Services. The Trade Desk
is the major competitor in north American. 

The market for mobile game is fragmental
and competitive. We only provide limited number of mobile games which are recognized in Philippine mobile game market. 

Raw Materials 

Our business depends on obtaining a reliable supply
of various products, including tea, refined methanol, methanol, formaldehyde, polymer emulsion and beef products. Because of the diversity
of available sources of these raw materials, we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply. 

We obtain our raw materials primarily from domestic procurement for
our tea production, formaldehyde and methanol products. 

Shandong Yunchu carries out our beef products business.
It mainly purchased frozen beef from six countries: Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Australia and New Zealand and 25 factories are
involved. The top ten suppliers include: Marrig, Minerva S.A., G K O'Connor Pty Ltd, Frigorifico matadero Pando ontilcor S.A., Las
Moras, Frigorifico de Osorno S.A., Ersinal S.A. ecoparks S.A., lorsinal S.A., and Minerva S.A. The Company has established a stable long
term cooperative relationship with these beef and mutton manufacturers. The stable supply provides competitive advantage for Company to
procure various various beef products with high quality and low price to meet the needs of domestic customers. 

We select suppliers based on price and product
quality. We typically rely on numerous domestic suppliers, including some with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our suppliers generally
include wholesale agricultural product companies, food production companies, tea bag processing companies and chemical products wholesale
company. 

Our Customers 

Our products are sold both in Chinese domestic
market. Shandong Yunchu distributes beef products in China including several major beef products providers and distributors in China,
such as: Henan Hengdu Food Co., Ltd, Shanxi Pingyao Beef Group, Shandong Delis Food Co., Ltd and Heilongjiang Binxi Group. When it comes
to manufacturing and sales of synthetic fuel products, we do business through direct sales, constructing refuel facilities and conducting
technical cooperation with other companies. 

Our Sales and Marketing Efforts 

We have not spent a significant amount of capital
on advertising in the past, and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In 2022, our marketing and branding efforts mainly focus
on internet advertising and long-term customers. 

Organizational Structure 

Planet Green was incorporated in Nevada on February
4, 1986 and effective on November 12, 2009, Planet Green reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware. Planet Green was formerly known as American
Lorain Corporation. 

7 

The following diagram illustrates our corporate
structure including our subsidiaries and our VIE. 

Subsidiaries 

On May 9, 2019, the Company and Shanghai Xunyang
Internet Technology Co., Ltd. (the Shanghai Xunyang ), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Share Exchange Agreement
with Xianning Bozhuang, and each of the shareholders of Xianning Bozhuang, pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the terms
and conditions contained therein, Shanghai Xunyang agreed to effect an acquisition of Xianning Bozhuang by acquiring from the Sellers
all of the outstanding equity interests of Xianning Bozhuang. On May 14, 2019, the Company closed the acquisition transaction and Shanghai
Xunyang entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its shareholders. For company internal restructure purpose,
on December 20, 2019, Xianning Bozhuang terminated the VIE agreements with Shanghai Xunyang and entered into similar series of VIE agreements
with Jiayi Technologies on the same day. On August 2, 2021, as part of the internal restructure efforts to remove VIE arrangement, the
Company and its subsidiary terminated series of VIE agreements and acquired 100 equity ownership of Xianning Bozhuang. 

On June 5, 2020, the Company entered into a share
exchange agreement with Fast Approach to acquire all outstanding shares of Fast Approach, a corporation incorporated under the laws of
Canada and in the business of operating a demand side platform. Upon completing the transaction, Fast Approach became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. Fast Approach owns 100 equity of Shanghai Shuning. 

On January 4, 2021, through Jiayi Technologies,
the Company entered into a series of VIE agreements with Jingshan Sanhe as well as its shareholders, which gives the Company the ultimate
control of Jingshan Sanhe and its shareholders, making it operate in accordance with the will of the Company. The Company is considered
the primary beneficiary of Jingshan Sanhe and it consolidates its accounts as VIE. On September 10, 2021, as part of the internal restructure
efforts to remove VIE arrangement, Hubei Bulaisi acquired 85 equity ownership of Jingshan Sanhe and Jiayi Technologies terminated the
VIE agreements with Jingshan Sanhe on the same date. 

On December 9, 2021, the Company and Jiayi Technologies,
a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Shandong Yunchu and each of shareholders of Shandong Yunchu.
Upon closing of the transaction, Jiayi Technologies acquired 100 equity ownership of Shandong Yunchu. 

8 

On April 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Share
Purchase Agreement with Allinyson Ltd. and each of shareholders of Allinyson. Upon closing of the transaction, the Company acquired 100 
equity ownership of Allinyson. 

On September 14, 2022, the Company and Hubei Bulaisi,
a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with a shareholder of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky acquiring the remaining
15 of the outstanding equity interests of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky. Upon closing of the transaction, Hubei Bulaisi, acquired 100 equity
ownership of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky. 

On December 16, 2022, Jiayi Technologies, a subsidiary
of the Company, entered into a Termination Agreement with Anhui Ansheng and its shareholder to terminate all VIE arrangements with Anhui
Ansheng. As a result of the completion of the transaction, the Company no longer consolidates Ansheng s financial statements into
the financial statements of the Company for accounting purpose. 

VIE Arrangements 

We currently have Jilin Chuangyuan as VIE under its corporate structure.
The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE only for accounting purpose. 

On March 9, 2021, through Jiayi Technologies, the
Company entered into a series of VIE agreements with Jilin Chuangyuan as well as its shareholders. The ordinary shares of Jilin Chuangyuan
are currently owned by Yongsheng Chen and Xiaodong Cai. 

On July 15, 2021, through Jiayi Technologies, the
Company entered into a series of VIE agreements with Anhui Ansheng, as well as its shareholders. The ordinary shares of Anhui Ansheng
are currently owned by Xiaodong Cai. 

On December 16, 2022, Jiayi Technologies, a subsidiary
of the Company, terminated the VIE agreements with Anhui Ansheng, a former VIE of Planet Green. 

Each of the VIE Agreements is described in detail
below: 

Consultation and Service Agreement . Pursuant
to the Consultation and Service Agreement, WFOE has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the operating entities
in China in the area of business management, human resource, technology and intellectual property rights. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual
property rights arising from the performance of this Consultation and Service Agreement. The amount of service fees and payment term can
be amended by the WFOE and operating companies consultation and the implementation. The term of the Consultation and Service Agreement
is 20 years. WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day s prior written notice. 

Business Cooperation Agreement . Pursuant
to the Business Cooperation Agreement, WFOE has the exclusive right to provide complete technical support, business support and related
consulting services, including but not limited to technical services, business consultations, equipment or property leasing, marketing
consultancy, system integration, product research and development, and system maintenance. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property
rights arising from the performance of this Business Cooperation Agreement. The rate of service fees may be adjusted based on the services
rendered by WFOE in that month and the operational needs of the operating entities. The Business Cooperation Agreement shall maintain
effective unless it was terminated or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations. WFOE may terminate this Business
Cooperation Agreement at any time by giving 30 day s prior written notice. 

Equity Pledge Agreements . Pursuant to the
Equity Pledge Agreements among WFOE, operating entities and each of operating entities shareholder, shareholders of the operating
entities pledge all of their equity interests in the operating entities to WFOE to guarantee their performance of relevant obligations
and indebtedness under the Technical Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements. In addition, shareholders of the
operating entities are in the process of registering the equity pledge with the competent local authority. 

9 

Equity Option Agreements . Pursuant to the
Equity Option Agreements, WFOE has the exclusive right to require each shareholder of the operating companies to fulfill and complete
all approval and registration procedures required under PRC laws for WFOE to purchase, or designate one or more persons to purchase, each
shareholder s equity interests in the operating companies, once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at WFOE s
sole and absolute discretion. The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain
effective until all the equity interest owned by each operating entities shareholder has been legally transferred to WFOE or its designee(s). 

Voting Rights Proxy Agreements . Pursuant
to the Voting Rights Proxy Agreements, each shareholder irrevocably appointed WFOE or WFOE s designee to exercise all his or her
rights as the shareholders of the operating entities under the Articles of Association of each operating entity, including but not limited
to the power to exercise all shareholder s voting rights with respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders 
meeting. The term of each Voting Rights Proxy Agreement is 20 years. WFOE has the right to extend each Voting Proxy Agreement by giving
written notification. 

As discussed above, we operate a portion of business
in China through the VIE and its subsidiaries, and rely on contractual arrangements among our WFOEs, the VIE, and their respective
shareholders to exert influence on the business operations of the VIE. The VIE structure provides our business operations in China with
contractual exposure to foreign investment. However, our contractual arrangements with the VIE are not equivalent of an investment in
the VIE. Investors are purchasing equity securities of our ultimate Nevada holding company rather than purchasing equity securities of
the VIE. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow this structure, which would likely result in a material change in our and/or the
VIE s operations and/or a material change in the value of the securities we are registering for sale, including that it could cause
the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. If the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements
with the consolidated VIE domiciled in China do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries,
or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we, our subsidiaries
and the VIE could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish their interests in those operations. It is uncertain whether
any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide.
In addition, to the extent cash is located in the PRC or within a PRC domiciled entity and may need to be used to fund operations outside
of the PRC, the funds may not be available due to limitations placed on us, our subsidiaries and the VIE by the PRC government. To the
extent cash or assets in the business is in the PRC or Hong Kong or in a PRC or Hong Kong entity, and may need to be used to fund operations
outside of the PRC or Hong Kong, the funds and assets may not be available to fund operations or for other uses outside of the PRC or
Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations by the government on us, our subsidiaries or
the VIE s ability to transfer cash and assets. 

Cash Flows through Our Organization: 

Planet Green is a holding company with no
material operations of its own. We currently conduct our operations through our subsidiaries including our WFOEs, the VIE and their
respective subsidiaries. Cash is transferred through our organization in the manner as follows: (1) we may transfer funds to our
WFOEs through our Hong Kong subsidiaries, Promising Prospect HK Limited, and Bless Chemical Co., Ltd. (HK) by additional capital
contributions or shareholder loans, as the case may be; (2) the VIE may pay service fees to our PRC subsidiaries for services
rendered by our PRC subsidiaries; (3) our PRC subsidiaries may pay service fees to the VIE for services rendered by the VIE; and
(4) our PRC subsidiaries may make dividends or other distributions to Planet Green. We do not have cash management policies
dictating how funds are transferred throughout our organization. We may encounter difficulties in our ability to transfer cash
between PRC subsidiaries and non-PRC subsidiaries largely due to various PRC laws and regulations imposed on foreign exchange. If we
intend to distribute dividends through Planet Green, our WFOEs will transfer the dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiaries in
accordance with the laws and regulations of the PRC, and then our Hong Kong subsidiaries will transfer the dividends to the Planet
Green, and the dividends will be distributed from the Planet Green to all shareholders respectively in proportion to the shares they
hold, regardless of whether the shareholders are U.S. investors or investors in other countries or regions. There can be no
assurance the PRC government will not intervene or impose restrictions on the Company s ability to transfer cash out of China.
In 2022 our PRC subsidiaries did not receive any cash benefits from the VIEs for services rendered to the VIEs and their
subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, our VIE owned 2,871,665 to our WOEFs as loan. As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject
to any actual foreign exchange restrictions. 

We have no present plans to distribute earnings
or settle amounts owed under the VIE agreements which it plans to retain the retained earnings to continue to grow the business. No dividends
or distribution has been declared to paid to Planet Green from subsidiaries or its VIEs and no dividends or distribution was made to any
U.S. investors. 

10 

Effects of PRC foreign exchange regulations
on our ability to transfer assets within our organization 

Current foreign exchange and other regulations
in the PRC may restrict our PRC subsidiaries and VIE in their ability to transfer their net assets to Planet Green and its subsidiaries
and to investors. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases,
the remittance of currency out of China. Under our current corporate structure, Planet Green as the holding company may rely on dividend
payments from its subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements Planet Green may have. Under existing PRC foreign exchange
regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade and service-related foreign
exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (the SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Specifically, under the existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of SAFE,
cash generated from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries in China may be used to pay dividends to Planet Green. However, approval from
or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted
out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we need to obtain
SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries and VIE to pay off their respective debt in a currency
other than Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside China in a currency other than
Renminbi. 

In light of the flood of capital outflows of China
in 2016 due to the weakening Renminbi, the PRC government has imposed more restrictive foreign exchange policies and stepped up scrutiny
of major outbound capital movement including overseas direct investment. More restrictions and substantial vetting process are put in
place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions falling under the capital account. If any of Planet Green s shareholders regulated
by such policies fail to satisfy the applicable overseas direct investment filing or approval requirement timely or at all, it may be
subject to penalties from the relevant PRC authorities. The PRC government may at its discretion further restrict access in the future
to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents Planet Green from obtaining sufficient
foreign currencies to satisfy Planet Green s foreign currency demands, Planet Green may not be able to pay dividends in foreign
currencies to its shareholders. 

Recent Regulatory Development 

As we conduct substantially all of our operations in China, we are
subject to legal and operational risks associated with having substantially all of our operations in China, including changes in the legal,
political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relations between China and the United States, or Chinese or United States
regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. PRC laws and regulations
governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these risks may result in a material change
in our operations and the value of our common stock or could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Recently, the PRC
government initiated a series of regulatory actions and made a number of public statements on the regulation of business operations in
China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based
companies listed overseas, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. We have relied on the opinion of our PRC counsel, Hubei Kaicheng Law Office, that as of the date of this Annual Report, we
are not directly subject to these regulatory actions or statements, as we have not implemented any monopolistic behavior and our business
does not involve large-scale collection of user data, implicate cybersecurity, or involve any other type of restricted industry. As further
advised by our PRC counsel, Hubei Kaicheng Law Office, as of the date of this Annual Report, no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC
explicitly require us to seek approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC or any other PRC governmental
authorities for our overseas listing or securities offering plans, nor has our company or any of our subsidiaries received any inquiry,
notice, warning or sanctions regarding our offering of securities from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. However, since
these statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules
have not been issued, it is highly uncertain what potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business
operations, or ability to accept foreign investments and list on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. The Standing Committee of the National
People s Congress (the SCNPC or other PRC regulatory authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations or
implementing rules that require our company or any of our subsidiaries to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before offering
securities in the U.S. In other words, although the Company is currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC central
or local government and has not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly
or indirectly; our ability to offer, or continue to offer, securities to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our
securities might significantly decline or be worthless, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry
or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental authorities, if we or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions
or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or
interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption
by PRC governmental with little advance notice. See Risk Factors - Risks Related to Doing Business in China beginning
on page 30 for a detailed description of various risks related to doing business in China and other information that should be considered
before making a decision to purchase any of our securities. 

11 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 

Currently all our directors and majority of senior
executive officers either are physically reside in China for a significant portion of each year, and/or are PRC nationals. As a result,
it may be difficult for you to effect service of process upon us or those persons inside mainland China. In addition, there is uncertainty
as to whether the PRC courts would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us or such persons predicated upon the civil
liability provisions of U.S. securities laws or those of any U.S. state. 

The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments
are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the
requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made
or on principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of written arrangement with the
U.S. that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures
Law, the PRC courts will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates
the basic principles of PRC laws or national sovereignty, security, or public interest. As a result, it is uncertain whether and on what
basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the U.S. 

It may also be difficult for you or overseas regulators
to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to
obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities.
Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with its counterparts of another country or region
to monitor and oversee cross-border securities activities, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the
U.S. may not be efficient in the absence of a practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities
Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct
investigations or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Article 177 further provides that Chinese entities and
individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities to foreign agencies without prior
consent from the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council and the competent departments of the PRC State Council. While
detailed interpretation of or implementing rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities
regulator to directly conduct an investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase difficulties faced
by you in protecting your interests. 

Our Manufacturing Facilities 

General 

We currently manufacture our products and provide
services in Meihekou City of Jilin Province, Jingshan City and Xianning City of Hubei Province, Qingdao City of Shandong Province, and
Toronto in Canada. 

12 

The following table indicates the year that operations
commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities. 

Facility 
 Year Operations Commenced 
 Facility Size (square meters) 
 
 Xianning Bozhuang 
 2013 
 33,333 
 
 Jingshan Sanhe 
 2018 
 11,018 
 
 Jilin Chuangyuan 
 2013 
 59,690 

Became a VIE in May 2019 and a subsidiary in August 2021. 

Became a subsidiary in September 2021. 

Became a VIE in March 2021. 

Production Lines 

We currently manufacture our products using production lines. 

The production process for our cyan brick tea products
involves, primary processing of fresh leaves, piling and fermenting, storing and aging, picking, pressing, and baking. The production
process for our black tea products involves selecting and sorting the fresh leaves, withering, rolling, fermenting, baking and drying,
grading according to color, prompting fragrance, packing and warehousing. The production process for our green tea products involves selecting
and sorting the fresh leaves, airing, fixating, cooling, rolling, stir drying, selecting and grading, prompting fragrance, packing and
warehousing. 

The production process for our formaldehyde products
is illustrated as follows. The raw material methanol, after being injected into the high position tank, enters the methanol evaporator
through the filter, mixes with the air from the roots blower to form the binary mixture, and then adds steam to form the ternary mixture,
which is heated by the superheater to 120 and enters the oxidizer, carries out oxidation and dehydrogenation reaction through
the silver catalyst to form the formaldehyde gas, and then absorbs the formaldehyde solution through the first absorption tower and the
second absorption tower. The excess waste gas is burned out by the exhaust gas boiler. 

The production process for our methyl starting
with the raw materials methanol and formaldehyde are pumped into the reaction distillation tower according to the proportion. At the bottom
of the tower, formaldehyde and methanol are indirectly heated by steam. The reaction liquid vapor from the tower upwards through the catalyst
reaction to produce methyl acetal, and then through the distillation tower separation, cooling, the final product methyl acetal. 

The production process for our urea-formaldehyde
glue is demonstrated as follows. Formaldehyde is pumped from the formaldehyde workshop into the tank of formaldehyde storage, and then
pumped into the metering tank through the feed pump of formaldehyde. After the PH value is adjusted by adding alkali, it is sent into
the reaction kettle. At the same time, urea is also added into the kettle according to the corresponding proportion, heating the reaction
kettle. After heating up the kettle, melamine is added, so that the material can undergo addition reaction in the kettle. After the PH
value is adjusted by dropping formic acid in the kettle, the material is sent into the condensation kettle through the transfer pump.
Urea and additives are added into the condensation kettle according to a certain proportion for condensation reaction, and the finished
product is formed after cooling treatment. 

The production process for our clean fuel oil is
illustrated as follows. The self-control design of the facilities for storage of raw materials and addition of additives shall, in accordance
with the requirements of the process, conduct centralized indication and adjustment of the temperature, flow rate and liquid level of
the raw oil tanks, raw oil metering tanks, product oil allocation tanks and finished oil tanks during the fuel blending process; realize
remote monitoring of the whole fuel production process, and conduct on-the-spot indication of pressure and partial flow rate. 

The production process for our construction rubber
powder (re-dispersible latex powder) is demonstrated as follows. Using polymer emulsion (VAE emulsion) as raw material, all kinds of additives
are added, and then transported to the reaction kettle through diaphragm pump to warm up and mix evenly, and then transported to the mixing
kettle with additives through diaphragm pump to mix evenly, then transported to the high-speed reactor through diaphragm pump to emulsify,
emulsified and then transported to the spare material tank through the diaphragm pump, and then transported to the spray drying tower
through the spare material tank through the diaphragm pump to form polymer powder after spray drying, and the polymer powder and various
additives are mixed and screened through the mixer to be packed into the warehouse. 

13 

The following table shows the number and types
of production lines, the types of products produced and the production capacity as of the date of this report: 

Facility 
 
 Production Lines 
 
 Product 
Portfolio 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Xianning Bozhuang 
 
 There are six production lines: the production line of cyan brick tea with traditional handicraft; the production line of cyan brick tea; the production line of teabag; the production line of green tea and the production line of black tea 
 
 Cyan brick tea, black tea and green tea 
 
 Production line with 5,020 tons of production capacity 

Jingshan Sanhe 
 
 There are two production lines: the production line of ethanol fuel and the production line of fuel additive 
 
 Alcohol based clean fuel, liquid wax, arene and biomass fuel 
 
 Two production lines with a total production capacity of 300,000 tons/year for ethanol fuel, and 3000 tons/year for fuel additive 

Jilin Chuangyuan 
 
 The company has two formaldehyde production lines, eight rubber production units, one methylal production line and one clean fuel oil production line 
 
 Formaldehyde, urea formaldehyde adhesive, methylal and clean fuel oil 
 
 Annual production capacity of 120,000 tons of formaldehyde, 100,000 tons of urea formaldehyde glue, 3,0000 tons of methylal and 20,000 tons of clean fuel oil 

We operate our production lines year-round. 

Raw Materials 

Our Supply Sources 

Our business depends on obtaining a reliable supply
of various products, including tea, refined methanol, methanol, formaldehyde, polymer emulsion and beef products. Because of the diversity
of available sources of these raw materials, we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply. 

We obtain our raw materials primarily from domestic
procurement for our tea production, formaldehyde and methanol products. When it comes to our beef products, we rely on overseas suppliers
to import the raw materials. 

Shandong Yunchu carries out our beef products business.
It mainly purchased frozen beef from six countries: Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Australia and New Zealand and 25 factories are
involved. The top ten suppliers include: Marrig, Minerva S.A., G K O Connor Pty Ltd, Frigorifico matadero Pando ontilcor S.A.,
Las Moras, Frigorifico de Osorno S.A., Ersinal S.A. ecoparks S.A., lorsinal S.A., and Minerva S.A. The Company has established a stable
long term cooperative relationship with these beef and mutton manufacturers. The stable supply provides competitive advantage for Company
to procure various beef products with high quality and low price to meet the needs of domestic customers. 

We select suppliers based on price and product
quality. We typically rely on numerous domestic suppliers, including some with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our suppliers generally
include wholesale agricultural product companies, food production companies, tea bag processing companies and chemical products wholesale
company. 

14 

Our Customers 

Our products are sold both in Chinese domestic
market. 

As to our formaldehyde products, vehicles gasoline and diesel products,
we are a leading regional chemical products provider in north-eastern China area, and we are the sole provider of formaldehyde in Jilin
Province, China. 

When it comes to manufacturing and sales of synthetic
fuel products, we do business through direct sales, constructing refuel facilities and conducting technical cooperation with other companies. 

Shandong Yunchu distributes beef products in China including several
major beef products providers and distributors in China, such as Henan Hengdu Food Co., Ltd., Shanxi Pingyao Beef Group, Shandong Delis
Food Co., Ltd. and Heilongjiang Binxi Group. 

Our Sales and Marketing Efforts 

We have not spent a significant amount of capital on advertising in
the past, and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In 2022, our marketing and branding efforts mainly focus on internet advertising
and long-term customers. 

Intellectual Property 

Patents 

The company vigorously implements scientific and
technological innovation. Jingshan Sanhe obtains 12 practical patent certificates from the State Intellectual Property Office of the PRC,
which includes a diesel exhaust cleaner and its preparation method, a kind of automobile exhaust cleaner and preparation method, a kind
of filtering device for exhaust port of cleaning liquid production plant, a kind of automobile cleaner dispensing device, a kind of liquid
dispensing equipment, a kind of mixing and stirring tank, a kind of cleaning brush for cleaning agent storage tank, a kind of reactor
for producing auto cleaner, a kind of cleaning brush for cleaning agent mixing kettle, a kind of mixing tank, a cleaning tool for cleaning
the reactor for detergent production and a kind of mixing and defoaming tank. The company will give full play to the advantages of independent
intellectual property rights, continue to innovate, maintain the leading technology and enhance the core competitiveness of the company. 

We take reasonable steps to protect our proprietary
information and trade secrets, such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans, methods and other similar information on a need-to-know
basis and requiring employees with access to our proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements. We believe that our
proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately protected. 

Our Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 143
employees. Approximately 143 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our subsidiaries and VIE. 

The following table sets forth the allocation of
employees, both direct and leased, by job function. 

Number of 
 
 Department 
 Employees 
 
 Production 
 88 
 
 Purchasing 
 2 
 
 Research and Development 
 4 
 
 Quality Control 
 8 
 
 Sales 
 12 
 
 Finance 
 7 
 
 Management 
 10 
 
 Administration 
 12 
 
 Total 
 143 

15 

We have not experienced any significant problems
or disruption to our operations due to labor disputes, nor have we experienced any difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced
staff. 

We compensate our production line employees by
unit produced (piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based on performance. We also provide training
for our staffs from time to time to enhance their technical and product knowledge, including knowledge of industry quality standards. 

Our employees participate in state pension scheme
and various types of social insurance organized by municipal and provincial governments. Outsourcing agents are responsible for contributions
on behalf of the leased employees. 

Our Research and Development Activities 

We have research and development staffs at each
of our facilities. In total, 4 employees are dedicated to research and development. 

Jingshan Sanhe owns a professional laboratory which
includes 17 sets of professional experimental equipment operated by 4 high-end scientific research experts to ensure the high quality
of raw materials and products. 

Jilin Chuanyuan was jointly awarded by Jilin Provincial
Department of education and Jilin Provincial Department of industry and information technology as Jilin University enterprise joint technology
innovation laboratory. The company currently carries out a project of transformation of scientific and technological achievements with
Beihua University. Specifically, it is a kind of urea formaldehyde resin adhesive with ultra-low formaldehyde emission and its preparation
process, ZL 201510055885x. At the same time, as a participant, the project is applying for the national science and technology progress
award. Beihua University has set up a teaching and research practice base in our company. On top of that, the company also successfully
developed the urea formaldehyde resin for E1 grade waterproof particleboard, E0 grade and F grade particleboard, as well as the UF resin
for E0 grade and F grade particleboard with UFC. 

We rely heavily on customer feedback to assist
us in the modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback to assist us in the development of new products. 

The amount we spent on research and development
activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not a material portion of our total expenses for those years. 

Government Regulation 

As a company that continuously strives to create
new value, we have been doing business in five areas: tea product cultivation, packaging, and sales; manufacturing and sales of synthetic
fuel products, formaldehyde products, vehicles gasoline and diesel products; manufacturing of insulation type explosion-proof skid-mounted
refueling equipment and SF double-layer buried type storage tank products business; importing and distribution of beef products and multimedia
design, advertising business. 

Our tea product cultivation, packaging, and sales
business is subject to regulations of China s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health. This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture
(including composition and ingredients), labeling, packaging and safety of food. It also regulates manufacturing practices, including
quality assurance programs, for foods through its current manufacturing practice regulations, and specifies the standards of identity
for certain foods. We have obtained approvals from Chinese authorities for products that requires the approval under regulations, including
quality safety approval from government. 

Our manufacturing and sales of chemical products
business is subject to multiple regulations under PRC law. We have complete certificates, including the work safety license, production
license and emission license. We have passed the environmental assessment acceptance and currently works on the promotion to the second
level of work safety standardization from the third level. Our operation meets the requirements of relevant national laws, regulations,
standards and specifications, as well as other the requirements of national management departments at all levels. 

16 

Our importing and distribution of beef products
business is carried out by Shandong Yunchu and we have obtained relevant certifications including the record registration form of foreign
trade operators and food business license. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to include risk factors in this Annual Report. Investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully
all of the risks described on the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by the Company on September 17, 2021, and as subsequently amended,
together with the other information contained in this report, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the events descripted
in the risk factors occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our primary facilities, which are owned except
where otherwise indicated, are as follows: 

Facility 
 Location 
 Approximate Size (Square Meters) 
 Owned or Leased 
 
 Xianning Bozhuang 
 Xianning City, Hubei Province, PRC 
 33,333 
 Land Use Rights Obtained 
 
 Jingshan Sanhe 
 Jingshan City, Hubei Province, PRC 
 11,018 
 Leased 
 
 Jilin Chuangyuan 
 Meihekou City, Jilin Province, PRC 
 59,690 
 Land Use Rights Obtained 
 
 Shandong Yunchu 
 Qingdao City, Shandong Province 
 178.16 
 Leased 

Became a VIE in May 2019 and became a subsidiary in August 2021. 

Became a subsidiary in September 2021. 

Became a VIE in July 2021. 

Become a subsidiary in December 2021. 

In the aggregate, we currently have land use rights
to, or lease, 4 properties with approximately 104,219.16 square meters, consisting of manufacturing facilities and office buildings for
future expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our current and projected needs. 

All land in China is owned by the government. Individuals
and companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the case of land used for industrial purposes, the land
use rights are granted for a period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent
terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market for our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the NYSE American under the
symbol PLAG . 

Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 338 stockholders
of record of our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a depository trust in street name. 

Dividend 

We have not declared or paid cash dividends other
than the payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made
by our Board of Directors. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

On May 9, 2019, we and Shanghai Xunyang entered
into a share exchange agreement with Xianning Bozhuang and each of the original shareholders of Xianning Bozhuang. Such transaction closed
on May 14, 2019. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement, we issued an aggregate of 1,080,000 shares of common stock of the Company to
the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of all of the equity interest of Xianning Bozhuang to Shanghai Xunyang. 

On June 17, 2019, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement, pursuant to which five individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,460,000, representing a purchase price
of 4.20 per share. The transaction closed on June 19, 2019. 

On January 26, 2021, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement, pursuant to which three individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 2,700,000 shares
of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,750,000, representing a purchase
price of 2.50 per share. The transaction closed on January 29, 2021. 

On March 9, 2021, the Company entered into a share
exchange agreement with Jilin Chuangyuan and each of the original shareholders of Jilin Chuangyuan. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement,
we issued an aggregate of 3,300,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of 75 of the equity
interest of Jilin Chuangyuan. 

On April 24, 2021, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement, pursuant to which three individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 7,600,000, representing a purchase price
of 1.90 per share. The transaction closed on May 20, 2021. 

18 

On July 15, 2021, the Company entered into a share
exchange agreement with Anhui Ansheng and each of the original shareholders of Anhui Ansheng. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement,
we issued an aggregate of 4,800,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of 66 of the equity
interest of Anhui Ansheng. 

On December 9, 2021, the Company entered into a
share exchange agreement with Shandong Yunchu and each of the original shareholders of Shandong Yunchu. Pursuant to the share exchange
agreement, we issued an aggregate of 5,900,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of all
of the equity interest of Shandong Yunchu. 

On January 13, 2022, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement, pursuant to which three individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 7,000,000 shares
of the Company s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 7,000,000, representing a purchase price of 1.00 per share. The
transaction closed on January 14, 2022. 

On April 8, 2022, the Company enterted into a share
exchange agreement with Allinyson and each of the orginial shareholders of Allinyson. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement, we issued
an aggregate of 7,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of all of the equity interest
of Allinyson. 

On May 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with two investors residing in the People s Republic of China, pursuant to which the purchasers agreed to invest
an aggregate of 4,100,000 in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, representing
a purchase price of 0.41 per share. The transaction closed on May 27, 2022. 

On July 15, 2022, the Company enerted into a share
exchange agreement with Xiangtian Energy and the the shareholder of Xiantian Energy. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, in exchange
for the acquisition of the 30 equity interest of Xiangtian Energy, the Company issued an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of common stock,
par value 0.001 per share, of the Company to the Seller. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

We did not issue any shares under our equity compensation
plan in the fiscal year of 2022. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

Not applicable. 

19 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We are headquartered in Flushing, New York City. After a series of
acquisitions and dispositions in 2022 and 2021, our primary business, which is carried out by Shandong Yunchu, Jingshan Sanhe, Jilin Chuangyuan,
Fast Approach Inc. and Xianning Bozhuang, is: 

Tea products cultivation, packaging, and sales; 

To sell high-grade synthetic fuel products 

To distribute beef and mutton products. 

To sell f ormaldehyde,
urea-formaldehyde glue, methylal, and clean fuel oil 

Online advertising services and mobile games; 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the company s audited consolidated financial statement for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 and related notes to
that. 

Twelve months ended 
 Increase / 
 Increase / 

December 31, 
 Decrease 
 Decrease 
 
 (In Thousands of USD) 
 2022 
 2021 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net revenues 
 44,757 
 37,768 
 6,989 
 19 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 40,405 
 33,922 
 6,483 
 19 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,352 
 3,846 
 506 
 13 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 
 2,167 
 2,053 
 114 
 6 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 7,056 
 7,221 
 (165 
 (2 
 
 Research Developing expenses 
 403 
 808 
 (406 
 (50 
 
 Operating loss 
 (5,273 
 (6,236 
 963 
 (15 
 
 Interest expense 
 (624 
 (645 
 21 
 (3 
 
 Other income 
 1,099 
 210 
 889 
 423 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 (10,386 
 (3,263 
 (7,122 
 218 
 
 Loss before tax 
 (15,184 
 (9,934 
 (5,250 
 53 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (1,475 
 (56 
 (1,419 
 2513 
 
 loss from continuing operations 
 (16,660 
 (9,990 
 (6,670 
 67 
 
 Net loss from discontinuing operations 
 (9,192 
 - 
 (9,192 
 N/A 
 
 Net loss 
 (25,851 
 (9,990 
 (15,861 
 159 

Net Revenues . Our net revenues for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 44.76 million, which represents an increase of approximately 6.99 million, or 19 ,
from 37.77 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This increase was attributable to the acquisition of certain subsidiaries
and VIE in 2022. 

Cost of Revenues. During the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, we experienced an increase in cost of revenue of 6.48 million or 19 , in comparison to the twelve months ended
December 31, 2021, from approximately 33.92 million to 40.41 million. This increase was mainly due to the acquisition of certain subsidiaries
and VIE in 2022. 

Gross Profit . Our gross profit increased
by 0.51 million, or 13 to 4.35 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 3.85 million for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2021. This increase was mainly due to the aforementioned reasons, attributable to the acquisition of certain subsidiaries
and VIEs in 2022. 

20 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and Marketing Expenses. Our selling and marketing expenses
increased by 112,000, or 5 , to 2.17 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 2.05 million for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2021. The selling and marketing expenses mainly come from transportation and storage cost of 0.72 million; the sales staff
salaries cost of 0.36 million and selling commission of 0.43 million. 

General and Administrative Expenses. We experienced a slight decrease
in general and administrative expense of 181,000 from 7.22 million to approximately 7.01 million for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022, compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This cost decrease was mainly due to the decline in third party service
fees. The General and Administrative Expenses mainly come from third party service fees of 1.96 million; administrative staff salary
costs of 1.60 million and depreciation; amortization expense of 0.81 million and other daily sporadic management costs. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss increased by 15.86 million, or 159 , to a net loss of
 25.85 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 9.99 million in net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021.
This increase was mainly due to losses of disposal of the subsidiary, Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical
Equipment Co., Ltd., impairment of goodwill and our effort to expand our business. 

Going Concern and Capital Resources 

In assessing our liquidity, we monitor and analyze
our cash-on-hand and operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs meet our working capital requirements, operating
expenses, and capital expenditure obligations. In the reporting period in the fiscal year 2022, our primary sources of financing have
been cash generated from operations and private placements. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents (including restricted cash) of 93,500 compared to 1.13 million as of December 31, 2021. The debt to assets ratio was 33.16 
and 40.41 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working capital
needs in 2022 from cash generated from operations and, if needed, private financings. Suppose available liquidity is insufficient to meet
our operating and loan obligations as they come due. In that case, our plans include pursuing alternative financing arrangements or reducing
expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements. However, there is no assurance that we will raise additional capital or reduce
discretionary spending to provide liquidity if needed. We cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any alternative financing arrangements. 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report. 

Cash Flows Data: 

For the years ended 
December 31 
 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash flows used in operating activities 
 (9,012 
 (519 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities 
 (3,854 
 (11,814 
 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 
 10,841 
 8,932 

21 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities from operations was approximately
 9.01 million and 0.52 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Net Cash decrease in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2022, was mainly comprised of non-cash effects of depreciation and amortization expense of approximately 1.48 million,
impairment of inventories of approximately 0.2 million, impairment of goodwill of about 10.38 million, loss on disposal of subsidiaries
of approximately 9.57 million and the decrease of account receivable of approximately 0.66 million, the reduction in accounts payable
of about 0.36 million and the decrease in other payables and accrued liabilities of about 2.97 million. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 was 3.85 million, representing a decrease of 7.96million in net cash used in investing activities from 11.8 million for the
same period of 2021. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly comprised of the partial investment
payments of approximately 4.1 million that we made in relation to the Xiangtian Energy Co., Ltd. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 10.84 million, representing an increase of 1.91 million in net cash provided by financing
activities from 8.93 million for the same period of 2021. This is mainly due to the proceeds from the issuance of common stock. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with the United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management to make assumptions, estimates, and judgments
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes to that, and related disclosures of commitments contingencies,
if any. 

We consider our critical accounting policies to
require the more significant judgments and estimates in preparing financial statements, including those outlined in Note 2 to the financial
statements included herein. 

The Company has evaluated the timing and the impact
of the guidance above on the financial statements. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no other recently
issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance arrangements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL DATA 

The full text of our audited consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2022, begins on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

22 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act,
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting described below. 

Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. 

The material weakness and significant deficiency
identified by our management as of December 31, 2022, relates to the ability of the Company to record transactions and provide disclosures
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). We did not have sufficient
and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial
reporting requirements. For example, our staff members do not hold licenses such as Certified Public Accountant or Certified Management
Accountant in the U.S., have not attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants, and have not attended extended educational programs
that would provide sufficient relevant education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial training to meet the demands
of a U.S. public company and our staff s understanding of the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting are inadequate. 

Remediation Initiative 

We plan to provide U.S. GAAP training sessions
to our accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting
and to enhance their awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact on our financial reporting. We plan to continue
to recruit experienced and professional accounting and financial personnel and participate in educational seminars, tutorials, and conferences
and employ more qualified accounting staff in the future. 

23 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Other than as described above, during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, there were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection
with the evaluation performed during the fiscal year covered by this annual report that has materially affected or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls. 

Our internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes under U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements under U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only under authorizations of our management and directors; and 

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could affect the financial statements. 

Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect our internal controls to prevent or detect all misstatements. No matter how well designed
and operated, a control system can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of such controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of misstatements, if any, have been detected or prevented. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not Applicable. 

24 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Officers 

The following table sets forth the name, age and
position of each of our current directors and officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Bin Zhou 
 
 33 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Lili Hu 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Luojie Pu 
 
 35 
 
 Director 
 
 King Fai Leung 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Yang Cao 
 
 30 
 
 Director 

Mr. Bin Zhou has served as a director of
the Company since May 2019 and served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since October 2020. He has served as chairman of the
board of directors of Xianning Bozhuang since March 2019. Mr. Zhou was the general manager and legal representative of Hubei Qianding
Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd., a mechanical equipment manufacturing company, from March 2016 to March 2019. He also served as supervisor
of Hubei Henghao Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., a real estate development company, from April 2014 to June 2018. Mr. Zhou received
his Bachelor of Law degree from National Judges College in Beijing, China. 

Ms. Lili Hu has served as the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company since June 2019. She has over ten years of accounting experiences. Ms. Hu has served as the financial director
of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since July 2018. From June 2016 to June 2018, Ms.
Hu worked as an audit project manager with Hubei Puhua Lixin LLP, an audit firm in Hubei, China. From May 2014 to May 2016, Ms. Hu was
a financial manager of Houfu Medical Device Co., Ltd., a medical device company in China. From January 2009 to December 2013, Ms. Hu served
as the financial director of Hebei Rentian Gaopeng Mechanical Co., Ltd., a manufacturing company in China. From January 2006 to June 2008,
Ms. Hu was the Chief Financial Officer of Hubei Hongfa Telecommunications Co., Ltd., a telecommunications company in China. Ms. Hu graduated
from Hubei University of Science and Technology with a major in accounting. Ms. Hu is a Certified Public Accountant in China. 

Ms. Luojie Pu has served as a director of
the Company since August 2022. Ms. Pu has served as the vice general manager of Jinan Hehui financial software service Co., Ltd. since
April 2018. From October 2013 to March 2018, Ms. Pu served as an associate marketing director for Jinan Hengxin Weiye Telecommunication
Equipment Co., Ltd. Ms. Pu received her bachelor s degree in finance from Shandong University in July 2013. We believe Ms. Pu is
well qualified to serve on the Board because of her extensive finance and management experience. 

25 

Mr. King Fai Leung has served as a director
of the Company since July 2019. He has over 20 years experience in finance and accounting. He has been the executive director of
Maxima Energy Limited, an energy company in Hong Kong, since December 2018. Mr. Leung has also served as an independent director since
November 2017 and was re-designated in March 2019 as an executive director and Chief Financial Officer of Chineseinvestors.com, Inc.,
a financial information website for Chinese-speaking investors (OTCQB: CIIX). He has also served as an independent director, chairman
of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration and nomination committee of Daisho Microline Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-based
investment holding company principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of printed circuit boards (HKG: 0567), since June 2015. In
addition, Mr. Leung served as directors in various public companies, including Kirin Group Holdings Limited, an investment holding company
principally engaged in the financial related business (HKG: 8109), Biostar Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceutical and medical nutrient
products company (OTC Pink: BSPM), and Hao Wen Holdings Limited, an investment holding company principally engaged in the manufacture
and trading of biomass fuel in China (HKG: 8019). Mr. Leung earned his Bachelor of Commerce in Accounting and Finance from Deakin University
in Victoria, Australia. He is a Certified Public Account in both Hong Kong and Australia. 

Ms. Yang Cao has served as a director of the Company since March 2020. She has been
practicing commercial law as an attorney with Hubei Zhonghe Law Office. Prior to that, she served as a legal counsel to Xianning High-Tech
Industrial Zone, a municipal government authority providing infrastructure and resources to high-tech companies, from November 2016 to
November 2019. From October 2015 to November 2016, Ms. Cao worked as a compliance officer at Qingdao Inter-Credit Group Wuhan Branch,
a business consulting company. Ms. Cao received her LL.B. degree from Hankou College and an LL.M. degree from Central China Normal University 

There are no arrangements or understandings between
any of our directors, officers and any other person pursuant to which any director was selected to serve as a director or officers of
our company. Directors are elected until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Our executive officers are appointed by our
Board and serve at their discretion. There are no family relationships among our directors or officers. 

Board of Directors 

Our Board met on twelve occasions during fiscal
year 2022. Each of the members of our Board attended more than 75 of the total number of meetings held by our Board and the committees
on which each director served during fiscal year 2022. 

Committees of the Board 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee assists our Board in monitoring: 

- 
 our accounting, auditing, and financial reporting processes; 

- 
 the integrity of our financial statements; 

- 
 internal controls and procedures designed to promote our compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations; and 

- 
 the appointment and evaluation of the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors. 

King Fai Leung, Yang Cao and Luojie Pu, all of
whom are independent directors under SEC rules and the rules of NYSE American, are currently serving as members of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Audit Committee and is our audit committee financial expert. 

The Audit Committee has adopted a written charter, a copy of which
is available on our website at www.planetgreenholdings.com, and a printed copy of which is available to any stockholder requesting a copy
by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp., c/o Board of Director Office, 130-30 31 st Ave, Suite 512, Flushing, NY, 11354.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Audit Committee held four meetings. 

26 

Compensation Committee 

The functions of the Compensation Committee are
as follows: 

to assist our Board in discharging its responsibilities with respect to compensation of our executive officers and directors; 

to evaluate the performance of our executive officers; 

to assist our Board in developing succession plans for executive officers; and 

to administer our stock and incentive compensation plans and recommend changes in such plans to our Board as needed. 

The current members of the Compensation Committee
are Luojie Pu, King Fai Leung and Yang Cao. Ms. Pu is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. All current members of the Compensation
Committee are independent directors, and all past members were independent directors at all times during their service on such Committee.
None of the past or present members of our Compensation Committee are present or past employees or officers of the Company or any of our
subsidiaries. No member of the Compensation Committee has had any relationship with us requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation
S-K. None of our executive officers serves on the Board of Directors or compensation committee of a company that has an executive officer
that serves on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

The Compensation Committee may not delegate its
responsibilities to another committee, individual director or member of management. 

The Compensation Committee meets on an annual basis
and holds special meetings as needed. The Compensation Committee meetings may be called by the Committee chairman, the Chairman of the
Board of Directors or a majority of Committee members. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also provide recommendations
to the Compensation Committee relating to compensation of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee held one meeting in fiscal
year 2022. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance assists
the Board of Directors in identifying individuals qualified to become our directors and in determining the composition of the Board of
Directors and its committees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance is responsible for, among other things: 

to make recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to the size and composition of the Board of Directors; 

to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the minimum qualifications and standards for director nominees and the selection criteria for the Board members; 

to review the qualifications of potential candidates for the Board of Directors; 

to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on nominees to be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders; and 

to seek and identify a qualified director nominee, in the event that a director vacancy occurs, to be recommended to the Board of Directors for either appointment by the Board of Directors to serve the remainder of the term of a director position that is vacant or election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. 

The current members of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance are Yang Cao, Luojie Pu and King Fai Leung. Ms. Cao is the chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. During
the fiscal year 2022, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held one meeting. 

27 

Stockholder Nominations for Director 

Stockholders may propose candidates for board
membership by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp., c/o Board of Director Office, 130-30 31 st Ave, Suite 512, Flushing,
NY, 11354. Any such proposal shall contain the name, holdings of our securities and contact information of the person making the nomination;
the candidate s name, address and other contact information; any direct or indirect holdings of our securities by the nominee;
any information required to be disclosed about directors under applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements; information
regarding related party transactions with our company and/or the stockholder submitting the nomination; any actual or potential conflicts
of interest; the nominee s biographical data, current public and private company affiliations, employment history and qualifications
and status as independent under applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements. Nominees proposed by stockholders
will receive the same consideration as other nominees. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving
on our Board of Directors. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to all of our directors, executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer, and employees. The Code of Ethics addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance
with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, confidentiality, trading on
inside information, and reporting of violations of the code. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at http://www.planetgreenholdings.com,
and a copy of the Code of Ethics is available to any stockholder requesting a copy by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp., c/o Board
of Director Office, 130-30 31 st Ave, Suite 512, Flushing, NY, 11354. We intend to disclose on our website, in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations, amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Ethics. 

Legal Proceedings 

To the Company s knowledge, there are no
material proceedings to which any of our directors and officers or affiliates of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has
a material interest adverse to the Company. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all forms of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 for services
provided to us and our subsidiaries and VIEs. None of our current executive officers earned compensation that exceeded 100,000 during
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 or 2022. 

Name and 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 
 Bin Zhou, 
 2022 
 96,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 96,000 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2021 
 96,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 96,000 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lili Hu, 
 2022 
 84,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 84,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Director 
 2021 
 84,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 84,000 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Luojie Pu, 
 2022 
 8,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

King Fai Leung, 
 2022 
 21,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 21,600 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 21,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 21,600 

Yang Cao, 
 2022 
 24,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 24,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,000 

28 

In October 2020, the Board appointed Bin Zhou as a member of the Board
and the Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Mr. Zhou dated October 25, 2022, we are obligated to pay Mr.
Zhou a compensation of 96,000 per year. 

In June 2020, the Board appointed Lili Hu to serve as the Chief Financial
Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement dated June 24, 2022 with Ms. Hu, we are obligated to pay Ms. Hu a compensation of 84,000
per year. 

In August 2022, the Board appointed Luojie Pu to
serve as the Director. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Ms. Pu, we are obligated to pay Ms. Pu a compensation of 24,000 per
year. 

In July 2019, the Board appointed King Fai Leung
to serve as the Director. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Mr. Leung, we are obligated to pay Mr. Leung a compensation of 21,600
per year. 

In March 2020 the Board appointed Yang Cao to serve
as the Director. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Ms. Cao, we are obligated to pay Ms. Cao a compensation of 24,000 per year. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 (i) by each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of
our common stock; (ii) by each of our named executive officers and directors and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially owned by any person who
has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have advised us that
they have direct sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed as owned by them. 

Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set
forth below is c/o Planet Green Holdings Corp., 130-30 31 st Ave, Suite 512, Flushing, NY 11354. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 72,081,930 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 10, 2023. 

Name and title of beneficial owner 
 Amount and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Percent of class 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholders 

Hubei Yunhong Trading Co., Ltd. 
 5,000,000 
 6.93 
 
 Hideharu Kaneko 
 4,000,000 
 5.54 
 
 Xiangtian (Shenzhen) Aerodynamic Electricity Ltd. 
 12,000,000 
 16.64 

Executive Officers, Directors and Director Nominees 

Bin Zhou, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 14,942,000 
 20.72 
 
 Lili Hu, Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 
 Luojie Pu, Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 King Fai Leung, Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yang Cao, Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group (seven individuals) 
 14,942,000 
 20.72 

29 

Changes in Control 

There are currently no arrangements which would
result in a change in control of us. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE . 

Related Party Transactions 

None. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Audit Committee Charter provides that all related
party transactions required to be disclosed under SEC rules are to be reviewed by the Audit Committee. 

Director Independence 

NYSE American listing standards require that a
majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an
officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Luojie Pu, King Fai Leung, Yang Cao are independent directors as
defined in the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

WWC, P.C. is the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and the accounting fees such period were 665,000
Such fees related to audit services provided by WWC, P.C., No audit-related or tax services were provided by WWC, P.C. during such
periods. YCM CPA Inc. is the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and the accounting fees such period were 100,000. Such fees related to audit services provided by YCM CPA Inc., No
audit-related or tax services were provided by YCM CPA Inc. during such periods.. 

30 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1 and 2) Financial Statement and Schedules 

The financial statements contained in the Audited
Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the registrant, as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15, 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29, 2010. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the registrant, as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 28, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2018. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29, 2010. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2022, by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp. and investors named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 11, 2022, by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp., Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. and Xiaodong Cai. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amended Consultation and Service Agreement dated as of February 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on February 14, 2022. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended Business Cooperation Agreement dated as of February 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on February 14, 2022. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended Equity Pledge Agreement dated as of February 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on February 14, 2022. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amended Equity Option Agreement dated as of February 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on February 14, 2022. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended Voting Right Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement dated as of February 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on February 14, 2022. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of April 8, 2022, by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp., Allinyson Ltd., and its shareholder named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on April 11, 2022. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Lock-up Agreement dated April 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on April 11, 2022. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Non-competition and non-solicitation Agreement dated April 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on April 11, 2022. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 19, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on May 20, 2022. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement date July 15, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on July 18, 2022. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated August 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2022. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amended Consultation and Service Agreement dated August 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2022. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amended Business Cooperation Agreement dated August 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2022. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amended Equity Pledge Agreement dated August 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2022. 

31 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amended Equity Option Agreement dated August 8, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2022. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Amended Voting Right Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2022. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated September 14, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on September 19, 2022. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Termination Agreement dated December 16, 2022. Incorporated by Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K on December 16, 2022. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Business Ethics Policy and Code of Conduct, adopted on April 30, 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2007. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PLANET GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bin Zhou 

Bin Zhou, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Lili Hu 

Lili Hu, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Bin Zhou 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Bin Zhou 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Lili Hu 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Lili Hu 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Luojie Pu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Luojie Pu 

/s/ King Fai Leung 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 King Fai Leung 

/s/ Yang Cao 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Yang Cao 

33 

PLANET GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 202 1 

(Stated in US Dollars) 

CONTENTS 
 
 PAGES 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 to F-32 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and the stockholders
of 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Planet Green Holdings Corp.and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the
related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, changes in shareholder s equity, and cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company records an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022, and the Company currently has a working
capital deficit, continued net losses and negative cash flows from operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 1. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment of goodwill - evaluation of the
carrying value of goodwill 

Description
of the matter 

Refer to Note 2 and Note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company performs a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit might exceed its fair value. The discount rate applied to projected cash flows is
an important element used by the Company in determining the fair value of the reporting unit and the amount of goodwill impairment losses.
In the year of 2022, the Company performed an annual goodwill impairment test in response to the decline in current market conditions
because of the persistent operating losses. The goodwill was determined to be impaired, and impairment losses of 10.39 million was recorded. 

How we
addressed the matter in our audit 

We identified the evaluation of the discount rate
applied to projected cash flows used in the assessment of the carrying value of goodwill for the reporting entity, for which such assumptions
are used by the Company in the determination of goodwill impairment losses, as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the evaluation of
these assumptions required the application of subjective auditor judgment because changes to these assumptions may have a substantial
impact on the determination of fair value of the reporting unit. We gathered data and evidence to perform sensitivity analyses to determine
the significance of the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the reporting unit, which required a higher degree of auditor
judgment. We tested management s assumptions by evaluating the impact of adjusting the revenue growth assumptions over intervals
deemed reasonable and recalculating the prior year s goodwill impairment calculations using the Company s actual 2022 revenues. 

Addressing the matter involved evaluating the
Company s assessment of the value of the reporting unit under the discounted cash flow method. We gathered data and evidence, performed
independent analysis, and exercised professional judgment during our evaluation process. 

/s/ . 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022. 

PCAOB ID 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Planet Green Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had
incurred substantial losses during the year, has substantial accumulated deficit and has a working capital deficit, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to these matters are described in Note 1. These
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 4 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Evaluation of the carrying value of goodwill
in the Canadian and Jingshan Sanhe reporting units 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company performs a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of a reporting unit might exceed its fair value. The discount rate applied to projected cash flows is important
elements used by the Company in determining the fair value of the reporting unit and the amount of goodwill impairment losses. In the
last quarter of 2021, the Company performed an annual goodwill impairment test in response to the decline in current market conditions
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The goodwill was determined to be impaired, and impairment losses of 3.26 million was recorded. 

We identified the evaluation of the discount rate
applied to projected cash flows used in the assessment of the carrying value of goodwill for the reporting unit, for which such assumptions
are used by the Company in the determination of goodwill impairment losses, as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the evaluation of
these assumptions required the application of subjective auditor judgment because changes to these assumptions may have a substantial
impact on the determination of fair value of the reporting unit. We gathered data and evidence to performed sensitivity analyses to determine
the significance of the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the reporting unit, which required a higher degree of auditor
judgment. 

Addressing the matter
involved evaluating the Company s assessment of the value of the reporting unit under the discounted cash flow method. We gathered
data and evidence, performed independent analysis, and exercised professional judgment during our evaluation process. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

WWC, P.C. 

Certified Public Accountants 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007 

San Mateo, California 

March 30, 2022 

F- 5 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Stated in US Dollars) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 
 -

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Advances to suppliers 

Other receivables 

Other receivables-related parties 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Construction in progress, net 

Prepayment investments 
 -

Long-term investments 

Investment in real estates 
 -

Deferred tax assets 
 -

Goodwill 

Right-of-use assets 
 -

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Loans-current 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 

Taxes payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payables-related parties 

Lease liabilities-current portion 
 -

Deferred income 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

other long-term liabilities 
 
 -

Loans-noncurrent 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock: par value, shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Common stock: 0.001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 72,081,930 and 35,581,930 shares 

Issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Non-controlling interests 
 -

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 6 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Stated
in US Dollars) 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research Developing expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) income 

Other (expenses) income 

Interest income 

Interest expenses 

Other income 

Other expenses 

Share of losses from equity method investments 
 
 -

Impairment of goodwill 

Total other (expenses) income 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

Income tax expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations 
 
 -

Net (loss) income 

Less:Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest from continued operations 

Less:Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest from discontinued operations 
 
 -

Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

Net (loss) income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

Less:Comprehensive (loss) income attribute to non-controlling interest 
 -

Comprehensive (loss) income attribute to common share holders 

(Loss) earnings per common share - basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 
 -

Common shareholders 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 7 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

for
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Stated in US Dollars) 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 
 Other 
 Non- 

Number of 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Controlling 

Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

-

Net (loss) income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of shares for acquisition 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for cash 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation and issue of employee benefit plan stock 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Acquiring subsidiaries 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

Net (loss) income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for cash 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of shares for acquisition 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of shares for long-term investment 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Acquisition of additional noncontrolling interest 
 - 

-
 
 -

Deconsolidation of discontinued operations 

-
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 8 

Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Stated in US Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Amortization 

share-based compensation expense 
 - 

Impairment of inventories 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 

Share of losses from equity method investments 
 
 - 
 
 (Recovery of) allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on disposal of subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Other non-cash expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and disposals: 
 
 - 
 
 Note and account receivables net 

Inventories 
 - 

Prepayments and deposit 

Other receivables 

Other receivables-related party 
 - 

Accounts payables 

Advance from customer 

Other payables and accruals 

Other payables-related parties 

Taxes payable 
 - 

Deferred income 
 - 

Lease liability 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of plant and equipment 
 -

Purchase of intangible assets 
 - 

Purchase of long-term investment 

Purchase of real estates 
 - 

Net increase in cash from acquisition subsidiaries 

Net cash provided by (used) in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments of short-term loan 

Proceeds from long-term loans 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTARY OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest received 

Interest paid 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 - 

Issuance of shares for acquisition 

issuance of common stock for employee compensation 
 -

Issuance of shares for long-term investment 
 
 - 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 9 

PLANET GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 
NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
(Stated in US Dollars) 

and attributable to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of and respectively; a working
capital deficit of and , its net cash used in operating activities was and , for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

Promising Prospect HK Limited (formerly known as Lucky Sky Planet Green Holdings Co., Limited (H.K.)) 

Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

Fast Approach Inc. 

Shanghai Shuning Advertising Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of FAST) 

-

Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd. 

Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd. 

Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd 

Bless Chemical Co., Ltd (a subsidiary of Shine Chemical) 

Hubei Bryce Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Bless Chemical) 

Shandong Yunchu Supply Chain Co., Ltd 

Allinyson Ltd 

Shine Chemical Co., Ltd 

Guangzhou Haishi Technology Co., Ltd 

Baokuan Technology (Hongkong) Limited 

F- 10 

of equity interest in Shanghai Xunyang. 

equity interest in Lucky Sky Petrochemical to Lucky Sky Planet Green Holdings Co., Limited (H.K.). 

equity interest in Promising Prospect HK Limited to Rui Tang. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity holders of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies
Co., Ltd in exchange for the transfer of of the equity interest of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd to the
Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity holders of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd in
exchange for the transfer of of the equity interest of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co.,
Ltd. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity holders of Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment
Co., Ltd for the transfer to of the equity interest if Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning)
Co., Ltd. 

equity of Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co., Ltd. As a result, Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd has been wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Jiayi Technologies
(Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

ordinary shares of the Shine Chemical Co., Ltd. As a result, Shine Chemical Co., Ltd, Bless Chemical Co., Ltd and
Hubei Bryce Technology Co., Ltd have been wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Planet Green Holding Corp. 

shares of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd after the alteration of shareholders. 

shares of common stock 
to the equity holders of Shandong Yunchu Supply Chain Co., Ltd for the transfer to of
the equity interest of Shandong Yunchu Supply Chain Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning)
Co., Ltd. 

shares of common stock to the equity holders of Allinyson Ltd.
for the acquisition of of the equity interest of Allinyson Ltd. 

F- 11 

of equity interest in Shanghai
Xunyang and terminated its VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang, Shenzhen Lorain, and Taishan Muren. 

years. WFOE may terminate this agreement
at any time by giving 30 day s prior written notice. Under the Consultation and Service Agreement, WFOE has the exclusive right
to provide consultation and services to the operating entities in China in business management, human resource, technology, and intellectual
property rights. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Consultation and Service
Agreement. The number of service fees and payment terms can be amended by the WFOE and operating companies consultation and implementation.
The duration of the Consultation and Service Agreement is years. WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day s
prior written notice. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

k compared to k as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 14 

to . The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows: 

- years 
 
 Landscaping, plant, and tree 
 years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 

years 
 
 Software licenses 
 years 
 
 Trademarks 
 years 

F- 15 

of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum equal to
 of the enterprise s PRC registered capital. 

Period-end US : RMB exchange rate 

Period-end US : HK exchange rate 

Period average US : CAD exchange rate 

Period average US : RMB exchange rate 

Period average US : HK exchange rate 

F- 16 

F- 17 

right of use ROU assets and approximately lease liabilities based on the present value of the
future minimum rental payments of leases, using an incremental borrowing rate of and based on the duration of lease
terms. 

Under the equity method, the Company s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of equity investments
is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income; and the Company s share of post-acquisition
movements in equity is recognized in equity in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains on transactions between
the Company and an entity in which the Company has recorded an equity investment are eliminated to the extent of the Company s interest
in the entity. To the extent of the Company s interest in the investment, unrealized losses are eliminated unless the transaction
provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. When the Company s share of losses in an entity in which the Company
has recorded an equity investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity, the Company does not recognize further losses, unless
the Company has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the equity investee. 

years. However, this one-time transition tax has no effect on the Company s
income tax expenses as the Company has no undistributed foreign earnings prior to December 31, 2022 which the Company has foreign cumulative
losses at December 31, 2022. 

F- 18 

F- 19 

Accounts receivable, net 

Restricted cash 
 -

Note Receivable 
 -

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Advances to suppliers 

Intercompany receivable 

Other receivables-related parties 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Construction in progress, net 

Deferred tax assets 
 -

Total Non-Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Short-term bank loans 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Intercompany payable 

Other payables-related parties 

Taxes payable 

Deferred income 

Long term payable-current portion 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long-term payables 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Paid-in capital 

Statutory reserve 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Gross profit 

Income (loss) from operations 

Net income (loss) 

F- 20 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity holders of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky
New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd in exchange for the transfer of of the equity interest of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies
Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

Accounts receivable, net 
 -

Inventories, net 

Advances to suppliers 

Other receivables 

Right-of-use assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Short-term loan - bank 

Lease payable-current portion 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Lease payable-non current portion 

Income taxes payable 

Total liabilities 

Noncontrolling interest 

Net assets acquired 

million of goodwill arising
from the acquisition consists mainly of synergies expected from combining the operations of the Company and Jingshan Sanhe. None of the
goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

F- 21 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity holders of
Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd in exchange for the transfer of of the equity interest of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd to
the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. The significant terms of these VIE agreements are summarized in Note 2 - Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies above. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Advances to suppliers 

Other receivables 

Other receivables-RP 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Short-term loan - bank 

Long term payable 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payables-RP 

Income taxes payable 

Total liabilities 

Non controlling interest 

Net assets acquired 

million of goodwill arising
from the acquisition consists mainly of synergies expected from combining the operations of the Company and Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical
Co., Ltd. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

shares of common stock to the equity holders of Shandong Yunchu
Supply Chain Co., Ltd for the transfer to of the equity interest of Shandong Yunchu
Supply Chain Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

F- 22 

Trade receivable and Note receivable 

Inventories 
 -

Related party receivable 

Other current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 
 -

Intangible assets, net 
 -

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Short-term loan-bank 
 -

Related party payable 
 -

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Non controlling interest 
 -

Net assets acquired 

million of goodwill arising from the acquisition
consists mainly of synergies expected from combining the operations of the Company and Shandong
Yunchu Supply Chain Co., Ltd . None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity
holders of Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd in exchange for the transfer of of the equity interest of Anhui Ansheng
Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. The significant terms of these VIE agreements are summarized
in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies above. 

F- 23 

Trade receivable and Note receivable 

I nventories 

Related party receivable 

Other current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Short-term loan-bank 

Related party payable 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Non controlling interest 

Net assets acquired 

million of goodwill arising from the acquisition
consists mainly of synergies expected from combining the operations of the Company and Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd.
None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

shares of common stock 
to the equity holders of Allinyson Ltd. for the transfer to of the equity interest of Allinyson Ltd. to the Company. 

Trade receivable and Note receivable 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Related party payable 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

million of goodwill arising from the acquisition
consists mainly of synergies expected from combining the operations of the Company and Allinyson Ltd. . None of the goodwill is
expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

F- 24 

and , respectively. The details of restricted cash refer to the contingency section. 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Beginning balance: 

Additions to allowance 

Bad debt written-off 
 
 -

Ending balance 

Total 

Inventory of supplies 
 -

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Allowance for inventory reserve 
 
 -

Total 

Machinery and equipment 

Office equipment 

Motor vehicles 

Less: Impairment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Construction in progress 

and , respectively. 

F- 25 

Software licenses 

Trademark 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

and respectively. 

of the equity interests in the company, with total consideration of million, which
was paid in 2022. The investment was accounted for under the equity method because the Company can exercise significant influence over
the company as the investee but does not own a majority of the equity interests in or control the company. As of December 31, 2022, the
carrying amount of this equity method investment reflected the Company s proportionate share of the equity in the investee company. 

million in
return for a limited partner interest in Shandong Ningwei New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. The Company accounted for the investment using
the cost method, as the investment did not have a readily determinable fair value in 2022. 

and . 

to purchase real
estates, a commercial complex, for the start-up of the tea trade project, which project has been included in Xianning City government s
13th Five-Year Development Plan. The Company plans to hold this real estate to earn rentals income.. 

and . 

and . Other payables third parties are those non-trade payables arising from transactions between
the Company and certain third parties. 

and , respectively.
Due to the generally short-term duration of the relevant contracts, most of the performance obligations are satisfied in the following
reporting period. 

and , respectively. Significant related parties comprised much
of the total outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 are stated below: 

and Nil was due from Mr.Chen Xing, the management of the Shandong Yunchu; 

and Nil was due from Mr.Xiong Haiyan, the management of the Jingshan Sanhe;. 

and Nil was due from Mr.Lu Jun, the management of the Jingshan Sanhe. 

F- 26 

and , respectively. Significant parties comprised much of the
total outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 are stated below: 

and was due to Ms. Yan Yan, the spouse of the legal representative of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd; 

was due to Mr. Su Lei, the executive of Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd; on December 12, 2022, Ansheng
branch had been disposed of, then the balance between Ansheng branch and Mr. Su Lei had not been recognized in the accompanying consolidated
financial statement. 

and was due to Mr. Bin Zhou, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company; 

was due to Wuxi Yangchang Chemical Machinery Factory, which has significant influence on Ansheng branch; on December
12, 2022, Ansheng branch had been disposed of, before the disposal of transaction, the balance between Ansheng branch and Wuxi Yangchang
Chemical Machinery Factory had been resolved. 

,204and was due to a couple of executives of the subsidiaries of the Company; 

and was due to the senior managements of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd; 

- 

- 

- 

Goodwill acquired 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

Goodwill acquired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Disposal of subsidiaries 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

F- 27 

Loan
from Anhui Langxi Rural Commercial Bank Of China 

- 

are used
as collateral for Jiling Branch. The short-term bank loan which is denominated in Renminbi was primarily obtained for general working
capital. 

and respectively. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of all of the equity interest
of the Target to the Subsidiary. 

shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share, for an aggregate purchase price of , representing a purchase price of per share.
The transaction closed on June 19, 2019. 

million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of shares of common stock, representing a purchase price of approximately
 per share. On February 28, 2020, the Company closed the transaction. 

shares of its common stock to acquire all the outstanding equity interest of Fast Approach Inc., a corporation incorporated
under the laws of Canada and in the business of operating a demand side platform targeting the Chinese education market in North America. 

ordinary shares to six employees of the Company. Total fair value of these ordinary shares was approximately million
and the compensation expenses are to be recognized in the fiscal year 2020 because there is no employee s requisite service period
requirement. 

F- 28 

shares of its common stock to the original shareholders of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd in exchange
for the transfer of of the equity interests of Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd to the Company. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, for an aggregate purchase price of ,
representing a purchase price of per Share. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the original shareholder of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd in exchange for the
transfer of of the equity interest of Jilin Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd to the Company. 

in the
aggregate, in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, representing a purchase
price of approximately per share. 

shares of common stock of the Company to the equity holders of Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd in exchange
for the transfer of of the equity interest of Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd to the Company. 

ordinary shares to seven employees of the Company. Total fair value of these common shares was approximately million. The
compensation expenses are to be recognized in the fiscal year 2021 because there is no employee s requisite service period requirement. 

shares of common stock to the equity holders of A Shandong Yunchu
Supply Chain Co., Ltd for the transfer to of the equity interest of Shandong Yunchu
Supply Chain Co., Ltd to the Jiayi Technologies (Xianning) Co., Ltd. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per
share, for an aggregate purchase price of , representing a purchase price of per Share. 

shares of common stock to the equity holders of Allinyson Ltd.
for the acquisition of of the equity interest of Allinyson Ltd. 

investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock, par value per share, for an aggregate purchase price of , representing a purchase
price of per Share. 

equity interest of the Xianning Xiangtian Energy Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and the Company issued shares
of common stock to the Sellers. 

shares of common stock outstanding. 

to
 . As the Company has a December 31 fiscal year-end, the lower corporate income tax rate will be phased in, resulting in a U.S. statutory
federal rate of for the Company s fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accordingly, the Company has
remeasured the Company s deferred tax assets on net operating loss carryforwards NOLs in the U.S at the lower enacted
cooperated tax rate of . However, this remeasurement has no effect on the Company s income tax expenses as the Company has provided
a valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets previously. 

F- 29 

in Hong Kong. The Company did not make any provisions
for Hong Kong profit tax as there were no assessable profits derived from or earned in Hong Kong since inception. Under Hong Kong tax
law, Lucky Sky Planet Green Holdings Co., Limited (H.K.) is exempted from income tax on its foreign-derived income and there are no withholding
taxes in Hong Kong on remittance of dividends. 

after
appropriate tax adjustments. 

Loss attributed to U.S. operations 

Loss attributed to Canada operations 

Income attributed to BVI 

-

Loss before tax 

PRC Statutory Tax at Rate 

Effect of tax exemption granted 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax 

Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption 

Effect of tax exemption granted 
 -
 
 -

Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic 

Per share effect 
 -
 
 -

F- 30 

Higher (lower) rates in PRC, net 

Non-recognized deferred tax benefits in the PRC 

The Company s effective tax rate 

Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share denominator: 

Original Shares at the beginning: 

Additions from Actual Events -issuance of common stock for cash 

Additions from Actual Events issuance of common stock for acquisition 

Additions from Actual Events issuance of common stock for stock compensation 
 -

Additions from Actual Events issuance of shares for long-term investment 
 
 -

Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

(Loss) income per share from continuing operations - Basic and diluted

(Loss) income per share from discontinued operations-Basic and diluted

-

(Loss) income per common shareholders - Basic and diluted

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

or more of the Company s revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

B 
 -
 
 -

C 
 -
 
 -

or more of the Company s purchase for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

B 

-
 
 -

C 

-
 
 -

F- 31 

and million respectively as of December 31,2022 and 2021, with corresponding Right-of-Use
(ROU) assets of the same amount based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of the new lease, using an effective
interest rate of , which is determined using an incremental borrowing rate. 

,241and respectively. 

years. For operating leases with a lease term of less than , the enterprise
no longer recognizes lease liabilities and Right-of-Use (ROU) assets, and the lease expense is amortized according to the straight-line
method. 

before filing the action. The liabilities amounts have been
accrued in consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

was temporarily frozen
by the court. There was a few solid evidence proves that Anhui Ansheng Petrochemical Equipment Co., Ltd. and Anhui Xuanneng Natural Gas
Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. are independent entities, management believes the possibility of unfavorable outcome occur is remote and there
was not any negative or any contingency impact on the 2021 Financial statements. 

F-32 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_planetgreen.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURUSANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHNAGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022, Planet Green Holdings Corp. we, 
 our, us or the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): its common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share Common
Stock ). 

Pursuant to our articles of incorporation,
our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par
value of 0.001 per share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. For a complete description of
the matters set forth herein, you should refer to our articles of incorporation, our bylaws, and the applicable provisions of Nevada law. 

Defined terms used herein and not defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Common Stock 

The holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each
share so held with respect to each matter voted on by the stockholders of the Company. There is no cumulative voting. 

Liquidation, Dividend and Preemptive Rights 

Subject to the rights of any outstanding preferred stock, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of stock shall be
entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company and such assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders of stock on the
basis of the number of shares of stock held by each of them. 

Dividend may be paid on the stock as and when declared by the Board
of Directors of the Company. No holders of any shares of stock shall, as such holder, have any rights, preemptive or otherwise, to purchase,
subscribe for or otherwise acquire any shares of stock, whether now or hereafter authorized, which at any time are offered for sale or
sold by the Company. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_planetgreen.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries and VIEs of Planet Green Holdings Corp. 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 Promising Prospect Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Shine Chemical Co., Ltd.

Cayman Islands 
 
 Allinyson Ltd. 
 
 State of Colorado 
 
 Fast Approach Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Promising Prospect HK
 Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Bless Chemical Co., Ltd.

Hong Kong 
 
 Jiayi Technologies (Xianning)
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 PRC 
 
 Shanghai Shuning Advertising
 Co, Ltd. 
 
 PRC 
 
 Shandong Yunchu Supply Chain Co., Ltd. 
 
 PRC 
 
 Jingshan Sanhe Luckysky
 New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd. 

PRC 
 
 Bulaisi Technology
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 PRC 
 
 Guangzhou Haishi Technology
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 PRC 

Variable
 Interest Entities 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 Jilin
 Chuangyuan Chemical Co., Ltd. 
 
 PRC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_planetgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Bin Zhou, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Planet Green
Holdings Corp. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bin Zhou 

Bin Zhou, 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_planetgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Lili Hu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Planet Green
Holdings Corp. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lili Hu 

Lili Hu, 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_planetgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Planet Green Holdings Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bin Zhou 

Bin Zhou, 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_planetgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Planet Green Holdings Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lili Hu 

Lili Hu, 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 plag-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 plag-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 plag-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 plag-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 plag-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

