<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1156388_0000950170-23-005451.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12874097</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>246891</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1690659</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6037785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1828011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2786784</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005451.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301143253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005451
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS SHOPPING GOODS STORES [5940]
		IRS NUMBER:				954388794
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0101

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49850
		FILM NUMBER:		23692674

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 EAST EL SEGUNDO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245-4632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 297-7706

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 EAST EL SEGUNDO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245-4632

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010822

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIG 5 HOLDINGS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005451.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 bgfv-20230101.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________________ to ______________________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of July 3, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC reported for July 1, 2022. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who, as of such date, may be deemed to have beneficially owned more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant under certain circumstances. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination of affiliate status for any other purpose. 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding at February 21, 2023. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 10 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 21 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 22 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 23 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 24 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 25 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 26 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 35 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 35 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 36 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 38 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS ............... 
 
 38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 39 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 39 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 39 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 39 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 39 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 40 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 
 43 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F- 1 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This document includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements relate to, among other things, our financial condition, our results of operations, our growth strategy and the business of our company generally. In some cases, you can identify such statements by terminology such as may, could, project, estimate, potential, continue, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, intends or other such terminology. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results in current or future periods to change significantly and differ materially from forecasted results. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the economic impacts of COVID-19, including any potential variants, on our business operations, including as a result of regulations that may be issued in response to COVID-19, global supply chain disruptions resulting from the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, changes in the consumer spending environment, fluctuations in consumer holiday spending patterns, increased competition from e-commerce retailers, breach of data security or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive personal or confidential information, the competitive environment in the sporting goods industry in general and in our specific market areas, inflation, product availability and growth opportunities, changes in the current market for (or regulation of) firearm-related products, a reduction or loss of product from a key supplier, disruption in product flow, seasonal fluctuations, weather conditions, changes in cost of goods, operating expense fluctuations, increases in labor and benefit-related expense, changes in laws or regulations, including those related to tariffs and duties as well as environmental, social and governance issues, public health issues (including those caused by COVID-19 or any potential variants), impacts from civil unrest or widespread vandalism, lower than expected profitability of our e-commerce platform or cannibalization of sales from our existing store base which could occur as a result of operating the e-commerce platform, litigation risks, stockholder campaigns and proxy contests, risks related to our historically leveraged financial condition, changes in interest rates, credit availability, higher expense associated with sources of credit resulting from uncertainty in financial markets and economic conditions in general. Those and other risks and uncertainties are more fully described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this report. We caution that the risk factors set forth in this report and the other reports that we file with the SEC are not exclusive. In addition, we conduct our business in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. Accordingly, new risk factors may arise. It is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor to assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any individual risk factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 3 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation we, our, us or the Company is a leading sporting goods retailer in the western United States, operating 432 stores and an e-commerce platform under the Big 5 Sporting Goods name as of January 1, 2023. Throughout this section, our fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 are referred to as fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We provide a full-line product offering in a traditional sporting goods store format that averages approximately 12,000 square feet. Our product mix includes athletic shoes, apparel and accessories, as well as a broad selection of outdoor and athletic equipment for team sports, fitness, camping, hunting, fishing, home recreation, tennis, golf, and winter and summer recreation. We supplement our traditional sports merchandise mix with an assortment of other products that we purchase through opportunistic buys of vendor over-stock or close-out merchandise. 
 We believe that over our 68-year history we have developed a reputation with the competitive and recreational sporting goods customer as a convenient neighborhood sporting goods retailer that consistently delivers value on quality merchandise. Our stores carry a wide range of products at competitive prices from well-known brand name manufacturers, including adidas, Coleman, Columbia, Everlast, New Balance, Nike, Rawlings, Skechers, Spalding, Under Armour and Wilson. We also offer brand name merchandise produced exclusively for us, private label merchandise and specials on quality items we purchase through opportunistic buys of vendor over-stock and close-out merchandise. We reinforce our value reputation through digital marketing programs, print advertising in major and local newspapers, and direct mailers designed to generate customer traffic, drive net sales and maintain brand awareness. We also maintain social media sites to enhance distribution capabilities for our promotional offers and to enable communication with our customers. 
 Robert W. Miller co-founded our company in 1955 with the establishment of five retail locations in California. We sold World War II surplus items until 1963, when we began focusing exclusively on sporting goods and changed our trade name to Big 5 Sporting Goods. In 1971, we were acquired by Thrifty Corporation, which was subsequently purchased by Pacific Enterprises. In 1992, management bought our company in conjunction with Green Equity Investors, L.P., an affiliate of Leonard Green Partners, L.P. In 1997, Robert W. Miller, Steven G. Miller and Green Equity Investors, L.P. recapitalized our company so that the majority of our common stock would be owned by our management and employees. In 2002, we completed an initial public offering of our common stock and became a publicly-traded company. 
 Our accumulated management experience and expertise in sporting goods merchandising, advertising, operations, store development and overall cost management have enabled us to produce profitable results. We believe our historical success can be attributed to a value-based and execution-driven operating philosophy, a controlled growth strategy and a proven business model. Additional information regarding our management experience is available in Item 1, Business , under the sub-heading Management Experience, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are a holding company incorporated in Delaware on October 31, 1997. We conduct our business through Big 5 Corp., a 100 -owned subsidiary incorporated in Delaware on October 27, 1997. We conduct our gift card operations through Big 5 Services Corp., a 100 -owned subsidiary of Big 5 Corp. incorporated in Virginia on December 19, 2003. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 2525 East El Segundo Boulevard, El Segundo, California 90245. Our Internet address is www.big5sportinggoods.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments, if any, to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 4 
 
 Impact of Global Events 
 Recent global events, including the novel coronavirus COVID-19 and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, have adversely affected global economies, disrupted global supply chains and contributed to increased inflation, impacting the cost of products and services. 
 Disruptions related to COVID-19 negatively impacted our financial results in the first half of fiscal 2020 when we temporarily closed more than one-half of our retail store locations in response to state and local shelter orders related to the COVID-19 outbreak. As our stores reopened and COVID-19 restrictions began easing, we experienced unprecedented consumer demand for our products and our financial results improved during the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. In response to COVID-19 during fiscal 2020, measures we took to reduce expense, preserve capital and enhance our liquidity benefited our financial performance in the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. Certain of those measures, such as reductions to advertising expense in comparison with historical levels, continued to benefit fiscal 2022 and we expect to maintain our advertising expense below pre-pandemic levels in the foreseeable future. 
 Disruptions related to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine contributed to higher fuel prices and consequently higher product costs. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine may continue to lead to disruptions in the global supply chain, rising fuel costs, or cybersecurity risks, and economic instability generally, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. As long as this conflict continues, we expect these challenges to remain into fiscal 2023. 
 We will continue to monitor these events and take appropriate actions to mitigate the risk of these global events, or any other global events that arise, as necessary. 
 Expansion and Store Development 
 Throughout our operating history, we have sought to expand our business with the addition of new stores through a disciplined strategy of controlled growth. Our expansion within the western United States has typically been systematic and designed to capitalize on our name recognition, economical store format and economies of scale related to distribution. Over the past five fiscal years, we have opened 15 stores including relocations, of which 67 were in California. Our store openings over the past five fiscal years reflect our cautious approach toward store expansion in the current retail environment, which includes increasing ecommerce competition and the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2020 and 2021. The following table reflects our store opening, closing and relocation activity during the periods indicated: 

Stores Opened 

Stores 

Stores 

Number of Stores 

Year 
 
 California 

Other Markets 

Total 

Relocated 

Closed 

at Period End 

2018 

4 

4 

(1) 

(2) 

436 

2019 

2 

1 

3 

(1) 

(4) 

434 

2020 

(4) 

430 

2021 

2 

3 

5 

(2) 

(2) 

431 

2022 

2 

1 

3 

(1) 

(1) 

432 

Our store format enables us to have substantial flexibility regarding new store locations. We have successfully operated stores in major metropolitan areas and in areas with as few as 30,000 people. Our 12,000 average square foot store format differentiates us from superstores that typically average over 35,000 square feet, require larger target markets, are more expensive to operate and require higher net sales per store for profitability. 
 New store openings typically represent attractive investment opportunities due to the relatively low investment required and the relatively short time necessary before our stores typically become profitable. While the required investment has been relatively low, we have recently experienced inflationary pressures that have led to increasing costs to open a store. Our store format normally requires investments of approximately 0.8 million in fixtures, equipment and leasehold improvements, net of landlord allowances, and approximately 0.3 million in net working capital with limited pre-opening and real estate expense related to leased locations that are built to our specifications. We seek to maximize new store performance by staffing new store management with experienced personnel from our existing stores. 
 Our in-house store development and real estate personnel seek new store locations which are analyzed with the assistance of real estate firms that specialize in retail properties. Historically, we look for expansion opportunities to further penetrate our established markets, develop recently entered markets and expand into new, contiguous markets with attractive demographic, competitive and economic profiles. 
 5 
 
 Merchandising 
 We target the competitive and recreational sporting goods customer with a full-line product offering at a wide variety of price points. We offer a product mix that includes athletic shoes, apparel and accessories, as well as a broad selection of outdoor and athletic equipment for team sports, fitness, camping, hunting, fishing, home recreation, tennis, golf, and winter and summer recreation. We believe we deliver consistent value to consumers by offering a distinctive merchandise mix that includes a combination of well-known brand name merchandise, merchandise produced exclusively for us under a manufacturer s brand name, private label merchandise and specials on quality items we purchase through opportunistic buys of vendor over-stock and close-out merchandise. 
 Through our 68 years of experience across different demographic, competitive and economic markets, we have refined our merchandising strategy in an effort to offer a selection of products that meets customer demand. Specifically, we continue to strategically refine our merchandise and marketing strategies in order to better align our product mix and promotional efforts with today s consumer. 
 The following table illustrates our mix of soft goods, which are non-durable items such as shirts and shoes, and hard goods, which are durable items such as exercise equipment and baseball gloves, as a percentage of net sales. The change in sales mix for fiscal 2020 reflects the change in consumer demand resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including higher sales related to fitness and outdoor recreational activities and reduced sales for team sports and back to school products: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Hard goods 

54.1 

55.0 

60.2 

49.7 

50.4 

Soft goods 

Athletic and sport footwear 

24.8 

24.1 

22.0 

28.2 

28.6 

Athletic and sport apparel 

21.1 

20.9 

17.8 

22.1 

21.0 

Total soft goods 

45.9 

45.0 

39.8 

50.3 

49.6 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

We sell our popular branded merchandise from an extensive list of major sporting goods equipment, athletic footwear and apparel manufacturers. Below is a selection of some of the brands we carry: 

adidas 
 Coleman 
 Footjoy 
 Impex 
 Nike 
 Skechers 

Asics 
 Columbia 
 Franklin 
 JanSport 
 Rawlings 
 Spalding 

Bearpaw 
 Crosman 
 Gildan 
 Lifetime 
 Razor 
 Speedo 

Bushnell 
 Daisy 
 Head 
 McDavid 
 Remington 
 Timex 

Callaway 
 Dickies 
 Heelys 
 Mizuno 
 Rollerblade 
 Titleist 

Camp Chef 
 Easton 
 Hillerich Bradsby 
 Mossberg 
 Russell Athletic 
 Under Armour 

Carhartt 
 Everlast 
 iFit (Proform) 
 Mueller Sports Medicine 
 Saucony 
 Wilson 

Casio 
 Fila 
 Igloo 
 New Balance 
 Shimano 
 Winchester 

We believe we enjoy significant advantages in making opportunistic buys of vendor over-stock and close-out merchandise because of our strong vendor relationships, purchasing volume and rapid decision-making process. Our strong vendor relationships and purchasing volume also enable us to purchase merchandise produced exclusively for us under a manufacturer s brand name which allows us to differentiate our product selection from competition, obtain volume pricing discounts from vendors and offer unique value to our customers. Our advertising highlights our opportunistic buys together with merchandise produced exclusively for us in order to reinforce our reputation as a retailer that offers attractive values to our customers. 
 In order to complement our branded product offerings, we offer a variety of private label merchandise, which has historically represented approximately 2 of our net sales. Our sale of private label merchandise enables us to provide our customers with a broader selection of quality merchandise at a wider range of price points and allows us the potential to achieve higher margins than on sales of comparable name brand products. Our private label items include shoes, apparel, camping equipment, fishing supplies and snowsport equipment. 
 Seasonality influences our buying patterns and we purchase merchandise for seasonal activities in advance of a season and supplement our merchandise assortment as necessary and when possible during the season. We tailor our merchandise selection on a store-by-store basis in an effort to satisfy each region s specific needs and seasonal buying habits. In the fourth fiscal quarter we normally experience higher inventory purchase volumes in anticipation of the winter and holiday selling season. 
 Our buyers, who average 16 years of experience with us, work in collaboration with senior management to determine and enhance product selection, promotion and pricing of our merchandise mix. Management utilizes integrated merchandising, business intelligence analytics, distribution, point-of-sale and financial information systems to continuously refine our merchandise mix, pricing strategy, advertising effectiveness and inventory levels to best serve the needs of our customers. 
 6 
 
 Advertising and Marketing 
 Through years of targeted advertising, we have solidified our reputation for offering quality products at attractive prices through convenient store locations. We market our products through the effective use of both digital communications as well as print media. 
 We built our value-based brand through weekly print advertisements beginning in 1955, and we provide print advertisements and other targeted promotional offers through carrier delivery and direct mail. Over the last several years we have been reducing our overall advertising spend. In fiscal 2020, we accelerated the reduction of print advertising in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and our print advertising remained substantially reduced (from pre-pandemic levels) in fiscal 2021 and 2022 as we continued to evaluate our advertising programs. Digital advertising represents a growing percentage of our overall advertising spend. 
 We promote our products through digital marketing programs that include sending regular digital communications to our customers (e-mail marketing to our E-Team ), search engine marketing, social media including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, mobile programs and other website initiatives. 
 Our digital promotional strategy is designed to provide opportunities to connect with potential customers and enable us to promote the Big 5 brand. Our e-mail marketing program invites our customers to subscribe to our E-Team for daily special deals, weekly advertisements and product information disseminated on a regular basis. We use search engine marketing methods as a means to reach those customers searching the Internet to gather information about our products. Within our social media program, our customers have the opportunity to engage in conversations with other sports-minded people and receive exclusive information about new products and unique weekly offers. All of these marketing methods are intended to simplify the shopping experience for our customers and further demonstrate our commitment to provide great brands at great values. 
 Our website features a broad representation of our product assortment and provides visibility of store inventory to our customers, thereby enabling them to determine if items featured on our website are in-stock in one or more of our store locations. Our e-commerce platform delivers an online shopping experience to our customers, and we continue to develop our online capabilities to meet customer expectations of being able to shop at their convenience. 
 We have developed a strong cause marketing platform through our support of the American Red Cross annual fundraising campaign and numerous other charities and organizations throughout our marketplace. We also build brand awareness by providing sponsorship support of established, high-profile events that benefit our customers active lifestyles, such as the LA Marathon in Los Angeles, California, and the Duke City Marathon in Albuquerque, New Mexico, for which we are the title sponsor. 
 Vendor Relationships 
 We have developed strong vendor relationships over the past 68 years. We currently purchase merchandise from nearly 700 vendors. In fiscal 2022, no vendor represented greater than 5 of total purchases in fiscal 2022. Early in fiscal 2021, we were informed of an expansion of Nike s direct-to-consumer initiatives that impacted certain multi-branded retailers, including us, and which led to a significant reduction in our supply chain relative to this vendor. While Nike no longer represents a significant percentage of our merchandise purchases, this transition did not impact our ability to continue to purchase certain Nike branded products from authorized licensees. We believe current relationships with our vendors are good. We benefit from the long-term working relationships with vendors that our senior management and our buyers have carefully nurtured throughout our history. 
 Information Technology Systems 
 We have fully integrated information technology IT systems that support critical business functions, such as sales reporting, inventory management and distribution functions and provide pertinent information for financial reporting, as well as robust business intelligence and retail analytics tools. We manage IT solutions for e-commerce, email and networks that connect our employees to appropriate technology solutions and tools. This includes connecting our stores via a managed wide area network connection for purchasing card (i.e., credit and debit card) encryption, tokenization, authorization and processing, as well as providing access to valuable tools such as collaboration, online training, workforce management, online hiring, Company website functions and corporate communications. Our cloud-based disaster recovery solution provides redundancy and availability-redundant networks and applications to be used in the event of an emergency or unplanned outage. We believe our IT systems are effectively supporting our current operations and provide a foundation for future growth and new business initiatives. 
 7 
 
 The protection of our customer, employee and business data is critical to us. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information, as well as confidential information about our employees, our suppliers and our Company. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of all such data, including confidential information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means, including deceiving our employees or third-party service providers. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have implemented and regularly review and update our control systems, processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. 
 Distribution 
 We operate a distribution center located in Riverside, California, that services all of our stores. The facility has 953,000 square feet of storage and office space, along with an additional 172,000 square-foot distribution space adjacent to our distribution center that enables us to more efficiently fulfill our expanding distribution requirements. The distribution center warehouse management system is fully integrated with our enterprise-level IT systems and provides comprehensive warehousing and distribution capabilities. We regularly distribute merchandise from our distribution center to our stores using our fleet of leased tractors, as well as contract carriers. 
 Industry and Competition 
 The retail market for sporting goods is highly competitive. In general, competition tends to fall into the following six basic categories: 
 Sporting Goods Superstores. Stores in this category typically are larger than 35,000 square feet and tend to be free-standing locations. These stores emphasize high volume sales and a large number of stock-keeping units. Examples include Academy Sports Outdoors and Dick s Sporting Goods. 
 Traditional Sporting Goods Stores. This category consists of traditional sporting goods chains, including us. These stores range in size from 5,000 to 20,000 square feet and are frequently located in regional malls and multi-store shopping centers. The traditional chains typically carry a varied assortment of merchandise and attempt to position themselves as convenient neighborhood stores. Sporting goods retailers operating stores within this category include Hibbett. 
 Specialty Sporting Goods Stores. Specialty sporting goods retailers are stores that typically carry a wide assortment of one specific product category or brand, such as athletic shoes, golf, or outdoor equipment. Examples of these retailers include Bass Pro Shops, Cabela s, Foot Locker, Sportsman s Warehouse and REI. This category also includes pro shops that often are single-store operations. 
 Mass Merchandisers. This category includes discount retailers such as Walmart and Target and department stores such as JC Penney and Kohl s. These stores range in size from 50,000 to 200,000 square feet and are primarily located in regional malls, shopping centers or on free-standing sites. Sporting goods merchandise and apparel represent a small portion of the total merchandise in these stores and the selection is often more limited than in other sporting goods retailers. 
 E-commerce Retailers. This category consists of many retailers that sell a broad array of new and used sporting goods products via e-commerce, including Amazon.com. The types of retailers mentioned above may also sell their products through e-commerce. E-commerce has been a rapidly growing sales channel, particularly with younger consumers, and an increasing source of competition in the sporting goods retail industry. 
 Athletic and Sporting Goods Brands. This category consists of athletic and sporting goods brands that engage in direct-to-consumer sales through traditional retail channels, e-commerce or a combination of both. These brands may also sell their products to us and other competitors. Examples of brands that sell directly to consumers include Nike, adidas and Under Armour. 
 In competing with the retailers discussed above, we focus on what we believe are the primary factors of competition in the sporting goods retail industry, including breadth, depth, price and quality of merchandise offered; advertising; purchasing and pricing policies; experienced and knowledgeable personnel; customer service; effective sales techniques; direct involvement of senior officers in monitoring store operations; enterprise-level IT systems; and convenience of store location and format. 
 8 
 
 Human Capital 
 We believe the experience and tenure of our professional staff in the retail industry contributes to enhanced performance and gives us a competitive advantage. The table below indicates the tenure of our professional staff in some of our key functional areas as of January 1, 2023: 

Number of Employees 

Average Number of Years With Us 

Executive Management 

7 

36 

Vice Presidents 

25 

22 

Buyers 

19 

16 

Store District / Regional Supervisors 

51 

25 

Store Managers 

429 

12 

As of January 1, 2023, we had approximately 8,700 active employees, of which approximately 2,500 were full-time. The General Teamsters, Airline, Aerospace and Allied Employees, Warehousemen, Drivers, Construction, Rock and Sand; Airline Employees, Local Union No. 986, affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 986 represents approximately 440 hourly employees in our distribution center and select stores. In December 2022, we negotiated a five-year contract with Local 986 for the covered distribution center employees, and we are currently negotiating a five-year contract with Local 986 for the covered store employees. Both contracts were retroactive to September 1, 2022, and expire on August 31, 2027. We have not had a strike or work stoppage in over 40 years, although such a disruption could have a significant negative impact on our business operations and financial results. We believe we provide working conditions and wages that are comparable to those offered by other retailers in the sporting goods industry and that employee relations are good. 
 We utilize an automated Learning Management System LMS and have developed comprehensive training that can be expressly tailored for store and corporate positions. Our LMS allows us to rapidly convey and track the dissemination of important information as it develops, such as product merchandising strategies, policy changes, safety rules, cash handling procedures, systems resolution and utilization, loss prevention updates and inventory control guidelines. All new store employees are assigned introductory LMS learning material as well as provided with a live orientation highlighting basic policies and responsibilities and our expectation that each employee strives to deliver excellence in customer service, product knowledge and salesmanship. New full-time store salespeople, cashiers and manager trainees receive supplementary training and evaluations specific to their job responsibilities and their ongoing development. The versatility of the LMS provides us with the ability to track and monitor many different types of training and the flexibility we need to deliver our message to widely dispersed personnel within the structure of our on-the-go work environment. Our employee training programs include self-directed online courses, live webinars, production of soft and hard copy reference materials, one-on-one training, hands-on training and progressive developmental training. In the stores, manager trainees are expected to complete a progressive series of outlines and evaluations in order to be considered for each successive level of advancement. Experienced store management training includes advanced merchandising, delegation, personnel management, scheduling, payroll control, harassment and discrimination prevention and loss prevention. On a yearly basis, we require all employees to complete workplace anti-discrimination and harassment training in order to foster a heightened awareness and help eliminate biases that may adversely impact the corporate, distribution center and store spaces. Our overall training strategy and LMS enable us to efficiently manage, monitor, assign and report employee training results online and in real time. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, to provide for the safety of our employees and customers, we have taken many actions in our stores, corporate office and distribution center spaces based on the needs, risks, and regulations present in each community and facility. Measures we have taken include cleaning facilities professionally on a regular basis, equipping facilities with hand sanitizer stations and signage illustrating how to socially distance, requiring face coverings, limiting the number of people admitted to a facility at one time, installing protective shields at cash registers and other countertops and providing free masks and hand sanitizer. We continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and expect to continue to adapt our operations to address federal, state, and local requirements, as well as to implement standards or processes that we determine to be in the best interest of our employees and customers. 
 Description of Service Marks and Trademarks 
 We use the Big 5 and Big 5 Sporting Goods names as service marks in connection with our business operations and have registered these names as federal service marks. The renewal dates for these service mark registrations are in 2025 and 2023, respectively. We have also registered the names Golden Bear, Harsh, Pacifica and Rugged Exposure as federal trademarks under which we sell a variety of merchandise. The renewal dates for these trademark registrations range from 2026 to 2028. We intend to renew these service mark and trademark registrations if we are still using the marks in commerce and they continue to provide value to us at the time of renewal. 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 An investment in the Company entails risks and uncertainties including the following. You should carefully consider these risk factors when evaluating any investment in the Company. Any of these risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements set forth herein, and could otherwise have a significant adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations or on the price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Intense competition in the sporting goods industry could limit our growth and reduce our profitability. 
 The retail market for sporting goods is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. We compete directly or indirectly with the following categories of companies, through traditional retail and e-commerce channels: 
 sporting goods superstores, such as Academy Sports Outdoors and Dick s Sporting Goods; 

traditional sporting goods stores and chains, such as Hibbett; 

specialty sporting goods shops and pro shops, such as Bass Pro Shops, Cabela s, Foot Locker, Sportsman s Warehouse and REI; 

mass merchandisers, discount stores and department stores, such as Walmart, Target, Kohl s and JC Penney; 

e-commerce retailers, such as Amazon.com; and 

athletic and sporting goods brands that engage in direct-to-consumer sales, such as Nike, adidas and Under Armour. 

Some of our competitors have a larger number of stores, greater e-commerce capabilities or greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we have. If our competitors reduce their prices, it may be difficult for us to retain market share without reducing our prices, which could impact our margins. As a result of this competition, we may also need to spend more on advertising and promotion than we anticipate. Increased competition in our current markets or the adoption or proliferation by competitors of innovative store formats, aggressive pricing strategies and retail sales methods, such as e-commerce, could cause us to lose market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 While e-commerce has been a rapidly growing sales channel and an increasing source of competition in the retail industry, sales from our e-commerce channel are not material to our operations. We have no assurance that our e-commerce efforts will prove profitable, whether due to product preferences of online buyers, ability to compete with other (often more established) online retailers, or for other reasons, such as the cannibalization of sales from our existing store base. If we are unable to compete successfully, our operating results may suffer. 
 A reduction or loss of product from a key supplier could cause our net sales and profitability to suffer. 
 In fiscal 2022, we purchased merchandise from nearly 700 vendors, and our 20 largest vendors collectively accounted for 35.9 of our total purchases. No vendor represented greater than 5 of total purchases in fiscal 2022. Early in fiscal 2021, we were informed of an expansion of Nike s direct-to-consumer initiatives that impacted certain multi-branded retailers, including us, and which led to a significant reduction in our supply chain relative to this vendor. While we believe we have suitable replacements to satisfy product demand, if we are unable to develop suitable alternatives to satisfy product demand in fiscal 2023 and beyond, sales could decline which could negatively impact future operating results. 
 Additionally, if there are other disruptions in supply from a principal supplier or distributor, we may be unable to obtain merchandise that we desire to sell and that consumers desire to purchase. A vendor could discontinue or restrict selling products to us at any time for reasons that may or may not be within our control. The increased development of direct-to-consumer initiatives by athletic and sporting goods brands could result in additional restrictions on the products available for us to purchase and sell. Our net sales and profitability could decline if we are unable to promptly replace a product vendor that is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with a vendor providing equally appealing products. Moreover, many of our key suppliers provide us with incentives, such as return privileges, volume purchase allowances and co-operative advertising. A decline or discontinuation of these incentives could reduce our profits. 
 10 
 
 If we fail to anticipate changes in consumer preferences, we may experience lower net sales, higher inventory, higher inventory markdowns and lower margins. 
 Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty. These preferences are also subject to change and can be impacted by various factors, including sports participation levels in our market areas, the performance of sports teams for which we sell licensed products, weather conditions in our market areas and regulatory or political changes. During the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, our product offerings have resonated with consumers who are looking for ways to stay healthy and active to fulfill their fitness and outdoor recreational needs. Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to consumer trends and consumers participation in sports and other recreational activities for which we sell products. If we fail to identify and respond in a timely manner to these changes, our net sales and profitability may decline. In addition, because we often make commitments to purchase products from our vendors up to nine months in advance of the proposed delivery, if we misjudge the market for our merchandise or conditions change after we have committed to purchase products, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory markdowns that could have a negative impact on profitability. 
 If we are unable to effectively and efficiently connect with our customers through our advertising and marketing programs, our operating results may suffer. 
 We historically utilized print advertising programs that included newspaper inserts, direct mailers and courier-delivered inserts in order to effectively deliver our message to our targeted markets. Newspaper circulation and readership has been declining, and in 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we accelerated the reduction of our print advertising programs. The consumer preferences for certain of our product categories that have driven positive sales during the COVID-19 outbreak have not continued after the outbreak has subsided, and we may need to increase advertising and promotional activity from the current historically low levels in an effort to drive customer traffic and sales, which could impact our profitability. If our efforts to evolve our advertising programs fail or we are unable to develop other effective strategies to reach potential customers within our desired markets, awareness of our stores, products and promotions could decline and our net sales could suffer. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and could in the future disrupt our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition for an extended period of time. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted health and economic conditions throughout the United States, as public concern about becoming ill with the virus has led to the issuance of recommendations and/or mandates from federal, state and local authorities to practice social distancing or self-quarantine. Disruptions related to COVID-19 negatively impacted our financial results in the first half of fiscal 2020 when we temporarily closed more than one-half of our retail store locations in response to state and local shelter orders related to the COVID-19 outbreak. As our stores reopened and COVID-19 restrictions began easing, we experienced unprecedented consumer demand for our products and our financial results improved during the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. In response to COVID-19 during fiscal 2020, measures we took to reduce expense, preserve capital and enhance our liquidity benefited our financial performance in the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. 
 As the pandemic continues to evolve, we may be further required to restrict the operations of our stores or our distribution facility if we deem this necessary or if recommended or mandated by authorities. If the classification of what is an essential business changes in jurisdictions where our stores are located, or the restrictions on retail operations in our markets are reinstituted, or other government regulations are adopted pertaining to how we may operate our stores, we may be required to temporarily close or restrict operations at more, if not all, of our stores, or incur additional expense to operate our stores, which would significantly impact our sales and results of operations. Furthermore, certain jurisdictions in which we operate have mandated employer-paid supplemental leave benefits associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, and such programs may be extended into the future. The cost of maintaining such mandated benefits may increase our operating costs and negatively impact our results of operations. Additionally, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if customers do not perceive our response to be adequate for a particular region or our company as a whole, we could suffer damage to our reputation and our brand, which could adversely affect our business in the future. 
 COVID-19 has also impacted our supply chain for products we sell, particularly those products that are sourced from Asia. To the extent one or more of our vendors or shipping or port facilities are negatively impacted by COVID-19, including due to the closure of its distribution centers or manufacturing facilities, we may be unable to maintain delivery schedules or adequate inventory in our stores. Future prolonged and sustained delays in product reaching our stores from overseas vendors, particularly during the holiday season, could result in our inability to obtain adequate levels of merchandise inventories to meet our consumers needs, which could have an adverse impact on our net sales and profitability. 
 11 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to the duration, spread, severity and impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, the effects of the outbreak on our customers, employees and vendors, the regulatory response and impact of stimulus measures adopted by local, state and federal governments, and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we could experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred or may occur in the future due to a continued erosion in consumer sentiment or the effect of high unemployment on our consumer base. Additionally, the consumer preferences for certain product categories that have driven positive sales during the COVID-19 outbreak may not continue after the outbreak has subsided, and any change in consumer preferences could negatively impact our results of operations. We may need to increase advertising and promotional activity from the current historically low levels in an effort to drive customer traffic and sales, which could impact our profitability. As business conditions evolve, we may need to increase our staffing from the current reduced levels, which could impact profitability. Furthermore, the financial condition of our customers and vendors may be adversely impacted by the pandemic, which may result in a decrease in discretionary consumer spending and our store traffic and sales, and an increase in bankruptcies or insolvencies with respect to our vendors. These events may, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 Because our stores are concentrated in the western United States, we are subject to regional risks. 
 Our stores are located in the western United States. Because of this, we are subject to regional risks, such as the economy, including downturns in the housing market, state financial conditions, unemployment and gas prices. Other regional risks include adverse weather and climate conditions, power outages, earthquakes and other natural disasters specific to the states in which we operate. For example, particularly in California where we have a high concentration of stores, seasonal factors such as unfavorable weather conditions or other localized conditions including flooding (such as recent flooding that resulted in a casualty to our store located in San Ramon, CA), drought, fires (such as the wildfires of 2021 that resulted in the closing of certain national parks and led to a negative impact on various outdoor activities, particularly camping and watersports, and the wildfires of 2018 that destroyed our store located in Paradise, CA), earthquakes or electricity blackouts (such as the rolling blackouts of 2019 that impacted certain California stores) could impact our sales and harm our operations. State and local regulatory compliance, such as with recent minimum wage increases in our market areas, also can impact our financial results. Economic downturns or other adverse regional events could have an adverse impact upon our net sales and profitability and our ability to open additional stores in the manner that we have in the past. 
 Additionally, California is subject to a property tax law commonly referred to as Proposition 13, which allows properties to be reassessed only at the time of change in ownership or completion of construction, and annual property reassessments are limited to a 2 increase from previously-assessed values thereafter. As a result, Proposition 13 generally results in significant below-market assessed values over time. From time to time, and recently, lawmakers and political coalitions have initiated efforts to repeal or amend Proposition 13 to eliminate its application to commercial and industrial properties. Since we lease all of our store locations, as well as our corporate offices and distribution center facilities in California, and are required under the terms of our leases to pay property taxes thereon, any repeal of Proposition 13 could substantially increase the assessed values and property taxes we pay for our leased properties in California. 
 A significant amount of our sales is impacted by seasonal weather conditions in our markets. 
 Because many of the products we sell are used for seasonal outdoor sporting and recreational activities, our business is significantly impacted by weather and climate conditions in our markets. For example, our winter sports and apparel sales are dependent on cold winter weather and snowfall in our markets and can be negatively impacted by unseasonably warm or dry weather in our markets during the winter product selling season. Conversely, sales of our spring products and summer products, such as baseball gear and camping and water sports equipment, can be adversely impacted by unseasonably cold or wet weather in those periods. Accordingly, our sales results and financial condition will typically suffer when weather and climate patterns do not conform to seasonal norms. 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations, and unanticipated changes in our customers seasonal buying patterns can impact our business. 
 We experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and operating results. Seasonality influences our buying patterns which directly impacts our merchandise and accounts payable levels and cash flows. We purchase merchandise for seasonal activities in advance of a season and supplement our merchandise assortment as necessary and when possible during the season. Our efforts to replenish products during a season are not always successful. In the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season and the start of the winter selling season, we normally experience higher inventory purchase volumes and increased expense for staffing and advertising. If we miscalculate the consumer demand for our products generally or for our product mix in advance of a season, our net sales can decline, which can harm our financial performance. A significant shortfall from expected net sales, particularly in the fourth fiscal quarter, can negatively impact our annual operating results. 
 12 
 
 All of our stores rely on a single distribution center. Any disruption or other operational difficulties at this distribution center could reduce our net sales or increase our operating expense. 
 We rely on a single distribution center facility located in Riverside, California to service our business. Any natural disaster or other serious disruption to the distribution center due to fire, earthquake or any other cause could damage a significant portion of our inventory and could materially impair both our ability to adequately stock our stores and our net sales and profitability. If the security measures used at our distribution center do not prevent inventory theft, our gross profit may significantly decrease. Our distribution center is staffed in part by employees represented by Local 986. We have not had a strike or work stoppage in over 40 years, although such a disruption could have a significant negative impact on our business operations and financial results. Further, in the event that we are unable to grow our net sales sufficiently to allow us to leverage the costs of this distribution center in the manner we anticipate, our financial results could be negatively impacted. 
 Additionally, because we rely on a single distribution center, our store growth could be limited to the geographic areas to which we can efficiently distribute products from this facility. Our store growth also could be limited if our distribution center reaches full capacity. Such constraints could result in a loss of market share and our inability to execute our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to successfully implement our controlled growth strategy or manage our growing business, our future operating results could suffer. 
 One of our strategies includes opening profitable stores in new and existing markets. Our ability to successfully implement and capitalize on our growth strategy could be negatively affected by various factors including: 
 we may slow our expansion efforts, or close underperforming stores, as a result of challenging conditions in the retail industry and the economy overall; 

we may not be able to find suitable sites available for leasing within our existing market areas, and our distribution capabilities may limit our ability to expand beyond our current market areas; 

we may not be able to negotiate acceptable lease terms; 

we may not be able to hire and retain qualified store personnel; and 

we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund our expansion plans. 

In recent years, we have slowed our store openings and strategically closed certain stores as we maintained a cautious approach toward store expansion in the current retail environment, which included increasing e-commerce competition and the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2020 and 2021. If we are unable to resume our store expansion efforts for any of the reasons discussed above, our operating results could suffer. 
 In addition, our expansion in new and existing markets may present competitive, merchandising, marketing and distribution challenges that differ from our current challenges. These potential new challenges include competition among our stores, added strain on our distribution center, additional information to be processed by our information technology IT systems, diversion of management attention from ongoing operations and challenges associated with managing a larger enterprise. We face additional challenges in entering new markets, including consumers lack of awareness of us, difficulties in hiring personnel and problems due to our unfamiliarity with local real estate markets and demographics. New markets may also have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes, responsiveness to print advertising and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets. To the extent that we are not able to meet these new challenges, our net sales could decrease and our operating expense could increase. 
 Because many of the products that we sell are manufactured abroad, we may face delays, increased cost or quality control deficiencies in the importation of these products, which could reduce our net sales and profitability. 
 Like many other sporting goods retailers, a significant portion of the products that we purchase for resale, including those purchased from domestic suppliers, is manufactured abroad in Asia. In addition, we believe most, if not all, of our private label merchandise is manufactured abroad. Foreign imports subject us to the risks of changes in, or the imposition of new, import tariffs, duties or quotas, new restrictions on imports, loss of most favored nation status with the United States for a particular foreign country, antidumping or countervailing duty orders, retaliatory actions in response to illegal trade practices, work stoppages, delays in shipment, freight expense increases, product cost increases due to foreign currency fluctuations or revaluations, public health issues that could lead to temporary closures of or delays at facilities or shipping ports, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other economic uncertainties. If any of these or other factors were to cause a disruption of trade from the countries in which the suppliers of our vendors are located or impose additional costs in connection with the purchase of our products, we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities of products to satisfy our requirements and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 13 
 
 To the extent that any foreign manufacturers which supply products to us directly or indirectly utilize quality control standards, labor practices or other practices that vary from those legally mandated or commonly accepted in the United States, we could be hurt by any resulting negative publicity or increases in operating costs or, in some cases, face potential liability. 
 In addition, instability in the political and economic environments of the countries in which our vendors or we obtain our products, or general international instability, could have an adverse effect on our operations. In the event of disruptions or delays in supply due to economic or political conditions in foreign countries, such disruptions or delays could adversely affect our results of operations unless and until alternative supply arrangements could be made. In addition, merchandise purchased from alternative sources may be of lesser quality or more expensive than the merchandise we currently purchase abroad. 
 Disruptions in transportation, including disruptions at shipping ports through which our products are imported, could prevent us from timely distribution and delivery of inventory, which could reduce our net sales and profitability. 
 A substantial amount of our inventory is manufactured abroad. From time to time, shipping ports experience capacity constraints, labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions that may delay the delivery of imported products. A contract dispute at the ports through which our products travel, particularly the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, could lead to protracted delays in the movement of our products, which could further delay the delivery of products to our stores and impact net sales and profitability. In addition, other conditions outside of our control, such as adverse weather conditions, acts of terrorism or public health issues that could lead to temporary closures of or delays at facilities or shipping ports, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could significantly disrupt operations at shipping ports or otherwise impact transportation of the imported merchandise we sell. During the second half of fiscal 2021 and continuing into the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we experienced significant shipping delays of products sourced from overseas vendors to be received at the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, which reflected increased shipping volume and insufficient labor resources at the ports that had significantly increased cargo backlogs. These factors, in addition to workforce shortages in the trucking industry, have limited our ability to obtain desired quantities of inventory for various merchandise categories. While we have generally been able to sufficiently stock product in our stores to meet most consumer demand during the pandemic, future prolonged and sustained delays in product reaching our stores from overseas vendors, particularly during the holiday season, could result in our inability to obtain adequate levels of merchandise inventories to meet our consumers needs, which could have an adverse impact on our net sales and profitability. 
 Our costs may change as a result of currency exchange rate fluctuations or inflation in the purchase cost of merchandise manufactured abroad. 
 We and our suppliers source goods from various countries, including Asia, and thus changes in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies, or foreign labor and raw material cost inflation, may affect the cost of goods that we purchase. If the cost of goods that we purchase increases, we may not be able to similarly increase the retail prices of goods that we charge consumers without impacting our sales and our operating profits may suffer. 
 Increases in transportation costs due to rising fuel costs, climate change regulation and other factors may negatively impact our operating results. 
 We rely upon various means of transportation, including ship and truck, to deliver products from vendors to our distribution center and from our distribution center to our stores. Consequently, our results can vary depending upon the price of fuel. The price of oil has fluctuated drastically over the last few years, creating volatility in our fuel costs. In addition, efforts to combat climate change through reduction of greenhouse gases may result in higher fuel costs through taxation or other means. Any such future increases in fuel costs would increase our transportation costs for delivery of product to our distribution center and distribution to our stores, as well as our vendors transportation costs, which could decrease our operating profits. 
 In addition, labor shortages or other factors in the transportation industry could negatively affect transportation costs and our ability to supply our stores in a timely manner. In particular, our business is highly dependent on the trucking industry to deliver products to our distribution center and our stores. Our operating results may be adversely affected if we or our vendors are unable to secure adequate trucking resources at competitive prices to fulfill our delivery schedules to our distribution center or stores. 
 14 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 Our future cash flows may not be sufficient to meet our obligations and we might have difficulty obtaining more financing or refinancing any existing indebtedness on favorable terms. 
 As of January 1, 2023, our long-term revolving credit borrowings outstanding were zero. However, we have historically maintained a leveraged financial position. This means: 
 our ability to obtain financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes might be impeded; 

we are more vulnerable to economic downturns and our ability to withstand competitive pressures is limited; and 

we are more vulnerable to increases in interest rates, which may affect our interest expense and negatively impact our operating results. 

If our business declines, our future cash flows might not be sufficient to meet our obligations and commitments. 
 If we fail to make any required payment under our revolving credit facility, our debt payments may be accelerated under this agreement. In addition, in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency or a material breach of any covenant contained in our revolving credit facility, our debt may be accelerated. This acceleration could also result in the acceleration of other indebtedness that we may have outstanding at that time. 
 The level of our indebtedness, and our ability to service our indebtedness, is directly affected by our cash flows from operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet our obligations, commitments and covenants of our revolving credit facility, we may be required to refinance or restructure our indebtedness, raise additional debt or equity capital, sell material assets or operations, delay or forego expansion opportunities, or cease or curtail our quarterly dividends or share repurchase plans. These alternative strategies might not be effected on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 The terms of our revolving credit facility impose operating and financial restrictions on us, which may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions. 
 The terms of our revolving credit facility impose operating and financial restrictions on us, including, among other things, covenants that require us to maintain a fixed-charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 in certain circumstances, restrictions on our ability to incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, transfer or dispose of assets, change the nature of the business, guarantee obligations, pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase stock, and make advances, loans or investments. For example, our ability to engage in the foregoing transactions will depend upon, among other things, our level of indebtedness at the time of the proposed transaction and whether we are in default under our revolving credit facility. As a result, our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to secure additional financing, if needed, may be significantly restricted, and we may be prevented from engaging in transactions that might further our growth strategy or otherwise benefit us and our stockholders without obtaining consent from our lenders. In addition, our revolving credit facility is secured by a perfected security interest in our assets. In the event of our insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the lenders under our revolving credit facility would be entitled to payment in full from our assets before distributions, if any, were made to our stockholders. 
 Disruptions in the economy and financial markets may adversely impact our lenders. 
 Volatility in capital and credit markets can impact the ability of financial institutions to meet their lending obligations. Based on information available to us, the lender under our revolving credit facility is currently able to fulfill its commitments thereunder. However, circumstances could arise that may impact its ability to fund its obligations in the future. Although we believe the commitments from our lender under the revolving credit facility, together with our cash on hand and anticipated operating cash flows, should be sufficient to meet our near-term borrowing requirements, if Bank of America, National Association, our lender, or any other lender under the credit facility from time to time, is for any reason unable to perform its lending or administrative commitments under the facility, then disruptions to our business could result and may require us to replace this facility with a new facility or to raise capital from alternative sources on less favorable terms, including higher rates of interest. 
 15 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Matters 
 Current and future government regulation may negatively impact demand for our products and increase our cost of conducting business. 
 The conduct of our business, and the distribution, sale, advertising, labeling, safety, transportation and use of many of our products are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as regulations administered by various youth sports leagues and organizations. These laws and regulations may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of political, economic or social events, such as the state and local stay-at-home orders issued in our markets in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy may alter the environment in which we do business and the demand for our products and, therefore, may impact our financial results or increase our liabilities. Some of these laws and regulations include: 
 laws and regulations governing how our stores may operate during the COVID-19 pandemic; 

laws and regulations governing the manner in which we advertise or sell our products; 

laws and regulations that prohibit or limit the sale, in certain localities, of certain products we offer, such as firearm-related products; 

laws and regulations governing the activities for which we sell products, such as hunting and fishing; 

laws and regulations governing consumer products generally, such as the federal Consumer Product Safety Act and Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, as well as similar state laws; 

labor and employment laws, such as minimum wage or living wage laws, paid time off and other wage and hour laws; 

laws requiring mandatory health insurance for employees, such as the Affordable Care Act; 

U.S. customs laws and regulations pertaining to duties and tariffs, including proper item classification, quotas and payment of duties and tariffs; 

laws and regulations governing consumer privacy, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act; and 

laws and regulations designed to address climate change, including measuring, reporting and mitigating greenhouse gas emissions. 

Changes in these and other laws and regulations or additional regulation could cause the demand for and sales of our products to decrease. Moreover, complying with increased or changed regulations could cause our cost of obtaining products and our operating expense to increase. This could adversely affect our net sales and profitability. 
 We may be subject to periodic litigation that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, certain of which may be maintained in jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that we devote substantial resources to defend against these claims, which could impact our results of operations. 
 In particular, we may be involved in lawsuits related to employment, advertising and other matters, including class action lawsuits brought against us for alleged violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, state wage and hour laws, state or federal advertising laws and other laws. An unfavorable outcome or settlement in any such proceeding could, in addition to requiring us to pay any settlement or judgment amount, increase our operating expense as a consequence of any resulting changes we might be required to make in employment, advertising or other business practices. 
 In addition, we sell products manufactured by third parties, some of which may be defective. Many such products are manufactured overseas in countries which may utilize quality control standards that vary from those legally allowed or commonly accepted in the United States, which may increase our risk that such products may be defective. If any products that we sell were to cause physical injury or injury to property, the injured party or parties could bring claims against us as the retailer of the products based upon strict product liability. In addition, our products are subject to the federal Consumer Product Safety Act and the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, which empower the Consumer Product Safety Commission to protect consumers from hazardous products. The Consumer Product Safety Commission has the authority to exclude from the market and recall certain consumer products that are found to be hazardous. Similar laws exist in some states and cities in the United States. If we fail to comply with government and industry safety standards or reporting requirements, we may be subject to claims, lawsuits, product recalls, fines and negative publicity that could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 16 
 
 We also sell firearm-related products, which may be associated with an increased risk of injury and related lawsuits. We may incur losses due to lawsuits relating to our compliance with firearm and ammunition laws as mandated by city, municipality, state and federal law, or the performance of background checks in connection with firearms or ammunition purchases, or the improper use of firearms sold by us. This may include, for example, lawsuits by individuals, government entities or other organizations attempting to recover damages or costs from firearms manufacturers and retailers relating to the sale, advertisement, misuse, loss, or release of firearms or ammunition. Commencement of these lawsuits against us could reduce our net sales and decrease our profitability. The sale of firearm-related products also may present reputational risks and negative publicity that could affect consumers perception of us or willingness to shop with us, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The insurance coverage under policies that we maintain or that our product vendors maintain and under which we may be insured may not be adequate to cover claims that could be asserted against us. If a successful claim was to be brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, or for which we have no insurance coverage, it could harm our business. Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of substantial funds and management time and could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, the cost of maintaining adequate insurance coverage could increase based on claims asserted against us, the type of products that we sell and market conditions generally. 
 The sale of firearm-related products is subject to strict regulation, which could affect our operating results. 
 Because we sell firearm-related products, we are required to comply with federal, state and local laws and regulations pertaining to the purchase, storage, transfer and sale of such products. These laws and regulations require us to, among other things, obtain and maintain federal, state or local permits or licenses in order to sell firearms or ammunition, ensure that certain employees obtain licenses to sell firearms or ammunition, ensure that all purchasers of firearms are subjected to a pre-sale background check and other requirements, record the details of each firearm sale on appropriate government-issued forms, record each receipt or transfer of a firearm at our distribution center or any store location on acquisition and disposition records, and maintain these records for a specified period of time. Additionally, in certain jurisdictions we are required to obtain a license to sell ammunition or record the details of each ammunition sale and maintain these records for a specified period of time. We also are required to timely respond to traces of firearms by law enforcement agencies. Over the past several years, the purchase and sale of firearm-related products has been the subject of increased federal, state and local regulation, such as requirements related to performing a safe-handling demonstration of firearms in California, new minimum age restriction laws, ammunition sales laws, and new security laws, including California Senate Bill 1384, which may require us to incur material capital expenditures and operating expenses to comply with such Bill, effective as of January 1, 2024. These regulatory efforts are likely to continue in our current markets and other markets into which we may expand. If enacted, new laws and regulations could limit the types of firearm-related products that we are permitted to purchase and sell, impose new restrictions and requirements on the manner in which we purchase, sell and store these products, increase regulatory fees charged to the consumer and impact our ability to offer these products in certain retail locations or markets. If we fail to comply with existing or newly enacted laws and regulations relating to the purchase and sale of firearm-related products, our permits or licenses to sell firearm-related products at our stores or maintain inventory of firearm-related products at our distribution center may be suspended or revoked. We may also incur losses related to these products if we fail to obtain or timely renew a necessary license. If this occurs, our net sales and profitability could suffer. Further, complying with increased regulation relating to the sale of firearm-related products could cause our operating expense to increase and this could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Investing in Our Common Stock 
 The declaration of discretionary dividend payments or the repurchase of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program may not continue. 
 We currently pay quarterly dividends subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of us and our stockholders. In fiscal 2021, we also paid two special dividends. Our dividend policy may be affected by, among other items, business conditions, our financial condition, our views on potential future capital requirements, the terms of our debt instruments, legal risks, changes in federal income tax law and challenges to our business model. In early fiscal 2020, we suspended dividend payments in an effort to preserve capital in response to the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have since reinstated and increased our quarterly dividend and paid special dividends, our dividend policy may change from time to time and we may or may not continue to declare discretionary dividend payments. Additionally, although we repurchased shares in fiscal 2022 pursuant to our share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors, we are not obligated to make any purchases under the program and we may reduce the amount of purchases we make under the program or discontinue the program at any time. 
 17 
 
 If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results in a timely and reliable manner, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence and result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 Adequate and effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. If we are unable to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results could be harmed. Even established adequate and effective internal controls have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even established adequate and effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of adequate and effective internal controls over financial reporting in future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or a deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. 
 If we fail to maintain adequate and effective internal controls, including any failure to implement new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations in a timely and reliable manner, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. If our current control environment deteriorates, investors may lose confidence which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of our Company, even if such change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law that could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control include: 
 a Board of Directors that is classified such that two or three of the seven directors, depending on classification, are elected each year and each director is elected for a three-year term; 

limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibition of stockholder action by written consent and requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

a requirement in our certificate of incorporation that stockholder amendments to our bylaws and certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation must be approved by 80 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock; 

authorization of the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; and 

establishment of advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporations Law limits business combination transactions with 15 stockholders that have not been approved by the Board of Directors. These provisions and other similar provisions make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without negotiation. These provisions may apply even if the transaction may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. 
 18 
 
 Our Bylaws designate certain state or federal courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may impose additional costs on us and our stockholders. 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum: (a) the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Chancery Court (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court or other state courts located within the State of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; and (b) subject to the preceding provisions, federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint or cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. We refer to the above provisions as the forum selection provisions and we refer to the bylaw provision governing causes of action under the Securities Act of 1933 as the federal forum selection provision. The Bylaws further enable us to initiate an action against a stockholder to enforce the forum selection provisions should the stockholder sue, or threaten to sue, in another jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the forum selection provisions shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our forum selection provisions do not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders are not deemed to have waived our compliance with the same. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in security of our Company is deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum selection provisions. 
 These forum selection provisions may impose additional costs on stockholders pursuing claims described above. They may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other team members or stockholders, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against our Company and our officers and directors, even though an action, if successful, might benefit stockholders. The Chancery Court and the federal district courts of the United States may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to our company than our stockholders. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933 creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933. While the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act of 1933 be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce that provision. If a court were to find any forum selection provision contained in our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial conditions. The forum selection provisions may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid. 
 Significant stockholders or potential stockholders may attempt to effect changes or acquire control over our Company, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Stockholders may from time to time attempt to effect changes, engage in proxy solicitations or advance stockholder proposals, all of which may increase with the effectiveness of SEC universal proxy rules. Responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies. As a result, stockholder campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 19 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 Disruptions in the overall economy and the financial markets may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 The retail industry can be greatly affected by macroeconomic factors, including changes in national, regional and local economic conditions, as well as consumers perceptions of such economic factors. In general, sales represent discretionary spending by our customers. Discretionary spending is affected by many factors, including general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, gasoline prices, income, unemployment trends, home values and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Many of these factors are outside of our control. We are experiencing, and may continue to experience, increased inflationary pressure on the cost of certain products. Our customers purchases of discretionary items, including our products, generally decline during periods when disposable income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions. Deterioration of the consumer spending environment could be harmful to our financial condition and results of operations, could adversely affect our ability to comply with covenants under our credit facility and, as a result, may negatively impact our ability to continue payment of our quarterly dividend, to repurchase our stock and to open additional stores in the manner that we have in the past. During fiscal 2022 and into fiscal 2023, competition for labor and broad-based inflation has caused us to pay higher wage rates and contributed to increased operating expenses. 
 Our quarterly net sales and operating results, reported and expected, can fluctuate substantially, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our net and same store sales and results of operations, reported and expected, have fluctuated in the past and will vary from quarter to quarter in the future. These fluctuations may adversely affect our financial condition and the market price of our common stock. A number of factors, many of which are outside our control, have historically caused and will continue to cause variations in our quarterly net and same store sales and operating results, including changes in consumer demand for our products, competition in our markets, inflation, increases in operating expense, changes in pricing or other actions taken by our competitors, weather conditions in our markets, natural disasters, litigation, political events, government regulation, changes in accounting standards, changes in management s accounting estimates or assumptions and economic conditions, including those specific to our western United States markets. 
 If we lose key management or are unable to attract and retain the talent required for our business, our operating results could suffer. 
 Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of Steven G. Miller, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and other key personnel with longstanding tenure who are not obligated to stay with us. The loss of the services of any of these individuals for any reason could harm our business and operations. In addition, as our business grows and evolves, we will need to attract and retain additional qualified management personnel in a timely manner to hire, develop, train and manage an increasing number of middle-level management, sales associates and other employees. 
 During fiscal 2022 and continuing into fiscal 2023, competition for qualified employees intensified, requiring us to pay higher wages. In the future, increases in the cost of living in our market areas could require us to pay higher wages and benefits to attract a sufficient number of qualified employees and increases in the minimum wage or other employee benefit costs could increase our operating expense. If we are unable to attract and retain personnel as needed in the future, our net sales growth and operating results may suffer. 
 Our information technology systems are critical to the functioning of our business and are vulnerable to failure, damage, theft or intrusion that could harm our operations. 
 Our success, in particular our ability to successfully manage inventory levels and process customer transactions, largely depends upon the efficient operation of our IT systems. We use IT systems to track inventory at the store level and aggregate daily sales information, communicate customer information and process purchasing card transactions, process shipments of goods and report financial information. These systems and our operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 
 earthquake, fire, flood and other natural disasters; 

failed system implementations; 

power loss, computer systems failures, Internet and telecommunications or data network failures, third-party vendor system failures, operator negligence, improper operation by or supervision of employees; 

physical and electronic loss of data, security breaches, misappropriation, data theft and similar events; and 

computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, intrusions, or other external threats. 

20 
 
 Any failure of our IT systems that causes an interruption in our operations, loss of data, or a decrease in inventory tracking could result in reduced net sales and profitability. Additionally, if any data intrusion, security breach, misappropriation or theft were to occur, we could incur significant costs in responding to such event, including responding to any resulting claims, litigation or investigations, which could harm our operating results. 
 Breach of data security or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information could harm our business, employees and standing with our customers. 
 The protection of our customer, employee and business data is critical to us. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information, as well as confidential information about our employees, our suppliers and our Company. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of all such data, including confidential information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means, including deceiving our employees or third-party service providers. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have implemented and regularly review and update our control systems, processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of customer payment card or personal information or employee personal or confidential information, whether by us or our vendors, could damage our reputation, expose us to risk of regulatory enforcement, litigation and liability, disrupt our operations, harm our business and have an adverse impact upon our net sales and profitability. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. 
 Terrorism and the uncertainty of war may harm our operating results. 
 Terrorist attacks or acts of war may cause damage or disruption to us and our employees, facilities, information systems, vendors and customers, which could significantly impact our net sales, profitability and financial condition. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine may lead to disruption in the global supply chain, rising fuel costs, or cybersecurity risks, and economic instability generally, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Terrorist attacks could also have a significant impact on ports or international shipping on which we are substantially dependent for the supply of much of the merchandise we sell. Our corporate headquarters is located near Los Angeles International Airport and the Port of Los Angeles, which have been identified as potential terrorism targets. The potential for future terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility may cause greater uncertainty and cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot currently predict. Military action taken in response to such attacks could also have a short or long-term negative economic impact upon the financial markets, international shipping and our business in general. 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and related accounting standards, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition; income taxes; the carrying amount of merchandise inventories, property and equipment, lease assets and lease liabilities; valuation allowances for receivables, sales returns and deferred income tax assets; estimates related to stored-value card breakage and the valuation of share-based compensation awards; and obligations related to litigation, self-insurance liabilities and employee benefits are highly complex and may involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 21 
 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Properties 
 Our primary corporate headquarters are located at 2525 East El Segundo Boulevard, El Segundo, California 90245, with a satellite office located nearby at 2401 East El Segundo Boulevard, El Segundo, California 90245. We lease 55,000 square feet of office and adjoining retail space related to our primary corporate headquarters, and we lease 11,500 square feet related to our satellite office. The lease for the primary corporate headquarters is scheduled to expire on February 28, 2026 and provides us with one five-year renewal option, while the lease for the satellite office is scheduled to expire on February 28, 2026 and provides us with no remaining options. 
 We own a parcel of land with an existing building adjacent to our corporate headquarters location. We currently lease a portion of the parcel of land, including the building, to a restaurant retailer. The lease is scheduled to expire on February 28, 2030, or earlier by providing the lessee with a one-year written notice. The remaining portion of the parcel of land includes a parking lot that we currently use for our corporate headquarters. 
 Our distribution facility is located in Riverside, California and has 953,000 square feet of warehouse and office space. Our lease for the distribution center is scheduled to expire on August 31, 2025 and includes one additional five-year renewal option. We lease 172,000 square feet of additional distribution space adjacent to our distribution center in Riverside, California that enables us to more efficiently fulfill our expanding distribution requirements. Our lease for this additional facility is scheduled to expire on August 31, 2025 and includes three additional five-year renewal options. 
 We lease all of our retail store sites. Most of our store leases contain multiple fixed-price renewal options having a typical duration of five years per option. As of January 1, 2023, of our total store leases, 65 leases are due to expire in the next five years without renewal options. We intend to renegotiate most of these leases as they expire, either for existing store locations or new leases for substantially equivalent locations in the same general area. 
 Our Stores 
 Throughout our history, we have focused on operating traditional, full-line sporting goods stores. Our stores generally range from 8,000 to 15,000 square feet and average approximately 12,000 square feet. Our typical store is located in either a free-standing street location or a multi-store shopping center. Our numerous convenient locations and accessible store format encourage frequent customer visits, resulting in approximately 22.4 million sales transactions and an average transaction size of approximately 44 in fiscal 2022. The following table details our store locations by state as of January 1, 2023: 

State 
 
 Year Entered 
 
 Number of Stores 

Percentage of Total Number of Stores 

California 
 
 1955 

223 

51.5 

Washington 
 
 1984 

46 

10.7 

Arizona 
 
 1993 

41 

9.5 

Oregon 
 
 1995 

29 

6.7 

Colorado 
 
 2001 

22 

5.3 

New Mexico 
 
 1995 

19 

4.4 

Nevada 
 
 1978 

19 

4.2 

Utah 
 
 1997 

18 

4.2 

Idaho 
 
 1994 

11 

2.6 

Texas 
 
 1995 

3 

0.7 

Wyoming 
 
 2010 

1 

0.2 

Total 

432 

100.0 

Our same store sales per square foot were approximately 201 for fiscal 2022. Our same store sales per square foot combined with our efficient store-level operations and low store maintenance costs have allowed us to historically generate strong store-level returns. 
 22 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company is involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 23 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, trades on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol BGFV. 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 22,182,955 shares of common stock outstanding held by 495 holders of record. 
 Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a graph comparing the cumulative total stockholder return for our common stock with the cumulative total return of (i) the NASDAQ Composite Stock Market Index and (ii) the NASDAQ Retail Trade Index. The information in this graph is provided at annual intervals for the fiscal years ended 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022. This graph shows historical stock price performance (including reinvestment of dividends) and is not necessarily indicative of future performance: 
 
 24 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 Dividends are paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors. In fiscal 2022, we paid aggregate quarterly cash dividends of 1.00 per share, or 0.25 per share per quarter, of outstanding common stock. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share of outstanding common stock, which will be paid on March 24, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2023. 
 The agreement governing our revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on our ability to make dividend payments. For example, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock will depend upon, among other things, our compliance with certain availability and fixed charge coverage ratio requirements at the time of the proposed dividend or distribution, and whether we are in default under the agreement. Our future dividend policy will also depend on the requirements of any future credit or other financing agreements to which we may be a party and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors, including the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which provides that dividends are only payable out of surplus or current net profits. 
 ITEM 6. [RES ERVED] 
 25 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Throughout this section, the Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation we, our, us fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 are referred to as fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the years presented includes information with respect to our plans and strategies for our business and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, the risk factors and the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday nearest December 31. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 each included 52 weeks, and fiscal 2020 included 53 weeks. 
 Impact of Global Events 
 Recent global events, including the novel coronavirus COVID-19 and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, have adversely affected global economies, disrupted global supply chains and contributed to increased inflation, impacting the cost of products and services. 
 Disruptions related to COVID-19 negatively impacted our financial results in the first half of fiscal 2020 when we temporarily closed more than one-half of our retail store locations in response to state and local shelter orders related to the COVID-19 outbreak. As our stores reopened and COVID-19 restrictions began easing, we experienced unprecedented consumer demand for our products and our financial results improved during the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. In response to COVID-19 during fiscal 2020, measures we took to reduce expense, preserve capital and enhance our liquidity benefited our financial performance in the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. Certain of those measures, such as reductions to advertising expense in comparison with historical levels, continued to benefit fiscal 2022 and we expect to maintain our advertising expense below pre-pandemic levels in the foreseeable future. 
 Disruptions related to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine contributed to higher fuel prices and, consequently, higher product costs. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine may continue to lead to disruptions in the global supply chain, rising fuel costs, or cybersecurity risks, and economic instability generally, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. As long as this conflict continues, we expect these challenges to remain into fiscal 2023. 
 We will continue to monitor these events and take appropriate actions intended to mitigate the risk of these global events, or any other global events that arise, as necessary. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading sporting goods retailer in the western United States, operating 432 stores and an e-commerce platform under the name Big 5 Sporting Goods as of January 1, 2023. We provide a full-line product offering in a traditional sporting goods store format that averages approximately 12,000 square feet. Through our e-commerce platform, we also offer selected products online. E-commerce sales for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 were not material. Our product mix includes athletic shoes, apparel and accessories, as well as a broad selection of outdoor and athletic equipment for team sports, fitness, camping, hunting, fishing, home recreation, tennis, golf, and winter and summer recreation. 
 We believe that over our 68-year history we have developed a reputation with the competitive and recreational sporting goods customer as a convenient neighborhood sporting goods retailer that consistently delivers value on quality merchandise. Our stores carry a wide range of products at competitive prices from well-known brand name manufacturers, including adidas, Coleman, Columbia, Everlast, New Balance, Nike, Rawlings, Skechers, Spalding, Under Armour and Wilson. We also offer brand name merchandise produced exclusively for us, private label merchandise and specials on quality items we purchase through opportunistic buys of vendor over-stock and close-out merchandise. We reinforce our value reputation through digital marketing and print advertising in major and local newspapers and direct mailers, in an effort to generate customer traffic, drive sales and build brand awareness. Over the last several years we have been reducing our overall advertising spend and also shifting our advertising spend away from print media towards digital advertising, which we believe allows us to more effectively manage our advertising expense. We also maintain social media sites to enhance distribution capabilities for our promotional offers and to enable communication with our customers. 
 26 
 
 Throughout our history, we have emphasized controlled growth. Our store openings during recent years reflect our cautious approach toward store expansion in the current retail environment, which includes increasing e-commerce competition, especially in response to changing consumer buying habits resulting from concerns surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. The following table summarizes our store count for the periods presented: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Beginning of period 

431 

430 

434 

New stores 

3 

5 

Stores relocated 

(1) 

(2) 

Stores closed 

(1) 

(2) 

(4) 

End of period 

432 

431 

430 

Stores opened (closed) per year, net 

1 

1 

(4) 

(1) Stores that are relocated are classified as new stores. Sales from the prior location are treated as sales from a closed store and thus are excluded from same store sales calculations. 

For fiscal 2023, we anticipate opening approximately six new stores and closing approximately five stores. 
 Executive Summary 
 Our decreased net income for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was mainly attributable to reduced net sales, lower merchandise margins and higher selling and administrative expense year over year. Reduced net sales in fiscal 2022 primarily reflected comparisons to fiscal 2021 in which strong consumer demand for various sporting goods products resulted from the easing of COVID-19 pandemic restrictions and consumers desire to recreate and stay active. Decreases in net sales in fiscal 2022 in part reflected increased inflationary pressures which dampened consumer sentiment and impacted discretionary spending. Worsening inflation and higher labor costs also resulted in higher operational expense which had an unfavorable impact on our earnings. 
 Net sales for fiscal 2022 decreased 14.3 to 995.5 million compared to 1,161.8 million for fiscal 2021. The decrease in net sales reflects a decline of 14.5 in same store sales when compared with fiscal 2021. After experiencing strong same store sales associated with the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2021, our lower same store sales in fiscal 2022 in part reflected significant inflationary pressures and heightened recessionary concerns that negatively impacted consumer sentiment, which contributed to reduced net sales across each of our major merchandise categories of hardgoods, apparel and footwear. 

Gross profit for fiscal 2022 represented 34.3 of net sales, compared with 37.5 in the prior year. Merchandise margins were an unfavorable 63 basis points lower than the prior year, while store occupancy expense and distribution expense, including costs capitalized into inventory, as a percentage of net sales were higher compared with fiscal 2021. While merchandise margins were down year over year they remained healthy and continued to compare favorably to pre-pandemic levels. 

Selling and administrative expense for fiscal 2022 increased 2.6 to 307.7 million, or 30.9 of net sales, compared to 299.8 million, or 25.8 of net sales, for fiscal 2021. The increase in selling and administrative expense primarily reflects an increase in employee labor and benefit-related expense as well as higher operational expense impacted by inflation, partially offset by a decrease in company performance-based incentive accruals year over year. 

Net income for fiscal 2022 was 26.1 million, or 1.18 per diluted share, compared to net income of 102.4 million, or 4.55 per diluted share, for fiscal 2021. The decreased earnings reflect lower net sales, the unfavorable impact of lower merchandise margins and higher selling and administrative expense year over year. 

Our principal liquidity requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and cash dividends. We fund our liquidity requirements primarily through cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowings from our revolving credit facility. 
 Operating cash flow for fiscal 2022 was a negative 28.4 million compared to a positive 115.5 million in the prior year. The decreased operating cash flow was due primarily to decreased net income, increased funding of merchandise inventory and decreased accrued expenses primarily related to performance-based incentive accruals. 

Capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 increased to 13.2 million from 10.9 million in fiscal 2021, primarily reflecting store-related remodeling and the opening of new stores in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021. 

27 
 
 We had cash of 25.6 million and cash and cash equivalents of 97.4 million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. The balance as of the end of fiscal 2022 did not include cash equivalents, and the balance as of the end of fiscal 2021 included cash equivalents of 75.0 million related to investments in highly-liquid U.S. Treasury bills. We have had no borrowings under our credit facility since the full pay-down of outstanding balances under the credit facility in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. 

We paid cash dividends in fiscal 2022 of 22.3 million, or 1.00 per share, compared with 61.8 million, or 2.83 per share, in fiscal 2021. The decrease in year-over-year dividends paid reflected special dividends of 2.00 per share that were declared in the second quarter and fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

We repurchased 295,719 shares of common stock for 4.1 million in fiscal 2022, and we repurchased 361,323 shares of common stock for 7.6 million in fiscal 2021. 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth selected items from our consolidated statements of operations by dollar and as a percentage of our net sales, and other financial data, for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year (1) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Net sales 
 
 995,538 
 
 100.0 
 
 1,161,820 
 
 100.0 
 
 1,041,212 
 
 100.0 

Cost of sales (2) 
 
 654,323 
 
 65.7 
 
 725,991 
 
 62.5 
 
 692,041 
 
 66.5 

Gross profit 
 
 341,215 
 
 34.3 
 
 435,829 
 
 37.5 
 
 349,171 
 
 33.5 

Selling and administrative expense (3) 
 
 307,700 
 
 30.9 
 
 299,812 
 
 25.8 
 
 275,406 
 
 26.5 

Other income 

(2,500) 
 
 (0.2) 

Operating income 
 
 33,515 
 
 3.4 
 
 136,017 
 
 11.7 
 
 76,265 
 
 7.2 

Interest expense 
 
 572 
 
 0.1 
 
 893 
 
 0.1 
 
 1,880 
 
 0.2 

Income before income taxes 
 
 32,943 
 
 3.3 
 
 135,124 
 
 11.6 
 
 74,385 
 
 7.0 

Income tax expense 
 
 6,809 
 
 0.7 
 
 32,738 
 
 2.8 
 
 18,445 
 
 1.8 

Net income 
 
 26,134 
 
 2.6 
 
 102,386 
 
 8.8 
 
 55,940 
 
 5.2 

Other Financial Data: 

Net sales change 

(14.3) 

11.6 

4.5 

Same store sales change (4) 

(14.5) 

13.9 

3.0 

(1) Fiscal 2022 and 2021 each included 52 weeks, and fiscal 2020 included 53 weeks. 

(2) Cost of sales includes the cost of merchandise, net of discounts or allowances earned, freight, inventory reserves, buying, distribution center expense, including depreciation, and store occupancy expense. Store occupancy expense includes rent, amortization of leasehold improvements, common area maintenance, property taxes and insurance. 

(3) Selling and administrative expense includes store-related expense, other than store occupancy expense, as well as advertising, depreciation and amortization, expense associated with operating our corporate headquarters and impairment charges, if any. 

(4) Same store sales for a period reflect net sales from stores that operated throughout the period as well as the full corresponding prior-year period and sales from e-commerce. For purposes of reporting same store sales comparisons to the prior year for fiscal 2022 and 2021, we used comparable 52-week periods. For purposes of reporting same store sales comparisons to the prior year for fiscal 2020, we used comparable 53-week periods. 

28 
 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 is incorporated herein by reference and can be found under Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2021, filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022. 
 Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 Net Sales. Net sales decreased by 166.3 million, or 14.3 , to 995.5 million for fiscal 2022 from 1,161.8 million for fiscal 2021. The change in net sales was primarily attributable to the following: 
 Same store sales decreased by 165.9 million, or 14.5 , for fiscal 2022 versus the comparable prior-year period. The decrease in same store sales reflected the following: 

o The decrease in same store sales in fiscal 2022 followed a 13.9 increase in same store sales for fiscal 2021 that reflected strong consumer demand as COVID-19 restrictions eased. Sales in fiscal 2022 were impacted in part by significant inflationary pressures and heightened recessionary concerns that negatively impacted consumer sentiment and discretionary spending, as well as unfavorable warm and dry winter weather conditions in our markets in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 that resulted in lower sales of winter-related products. 

o The increase in our same store sales achieved in fiscal 2021 resulted from strong demand for many categories of sporting goods products as certain COVID-19 pandemic restrictions were lifted, and also reflected favorable comparisons against temporary store closures related to COVID-19 during fiscal 2020. 

o Our lower same store sales in fiscal 2022 reflected a decrease in each of our major merchandise categories of hardgoods, apparel and footwear. 

o Same store sales are made on a comparable-week basis. Same store sales for a period normally consist of sales for stores that operated throughout the period and the full corresponding prior-year period, along with sales from e-commerce. Same store sales comparisons exclude sales from stores permanently closed, or stores in the process of permanently closing, during the comparable periods. Sales from e-commerce in fiscal 2022 and 2021 were not material. 

We experienced decreased customer transactions of 11.2 and a lower average sale per transaction of 3.3 in fiscal 2022 compared to the prior year. 

Gross Profit . Gross profit decreased by 94.6 million to 341.2 million, or 34.3 of net sales, in fiscal 2022 from 435.8 million, or 37.5 of net sales, in fiscal 2021. The change in gross profit was primarily attributable to the following: 
 Net sales decreased by 166.3 million, or 14.3 , in fiscal 2022 compared to the prior year. 

Merchandise margins, which exclude buying, occupancy and distribution expense, decreased by an unfavorable 63 basis points compared with fiscal 2021, when merchandise margins increased by a favorable 250 basis points over the prior year. Our lower merchandise margins primarily reflect an unfavorable shift in our product sales mix, increased promotional pricing and increases in product purchase costs. The higher product purchase costs we experienced reflected increased raw material, labor, freight and fuel costs initially resulting from shortages related to COVID-19, and were worsened by current inflationary pressures. While merchandise margins were down year over year they remained healthy and continued to compare favorably to pre-pandemic levels. 

Store occupancy expense increased by 1.8 million, or an unfavorable 161 basis points as a percentage of net sales, year over year in fiscal 2022. 

Distribution expense, including costs capitalized into inventory, decreased by 1.9 million compared to the prior year. However, reflecting lower sales in fiscal 2022, distribution expense as a percentage of net sales increased by an unfavorable 59 basis points year over year. The decrease in expense primarily reflected increased costs capitalized into inventory, lower employee labor expense and reduced trucking expense, partially offset by increased fuel expense that resulted from gas price inflation. 

29 
 
 Selling and Administrative Expense . Selling and administrative expense increased by 7.9 million, or 2.6 , to 307.7 million, or 30.9 of net sales, in fiscal 2022 from 299.8 million, or 25.8 of net sales, in fiscal 2021. The change in selling and administrative expense was primarily attributable to the following: 
 Store-related expense, excluding occupancy, increased by 10.8 million, due largely to increased employee labor and benefit-related expense and other operating expenses driven by inflation and to support our increased store operating hours compared with the reduced store operating hours that we maintained in the prior year in response to the pandemic. While store operating hours were higher in fiscal 2022 compared with last year, store operating hours remain below pre-pandemic levels. Wages continue to reflect the incremental impact of legislated minimum wage rate increases primarily in California, where over half of our stores are located. In California, state-wide minimum wage rates have risen from 10.00 per hour in 2017 to 15.00 per hour in 2022, and again to 15.50 beginning on January 1, 2023. Additionally, certain other jurisdictions within California, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, as well as various other states in which we do business, are and have been implementing their own scheduled increases, which may also include interim impacts effective at various points throughout the year. Labor expense in fiscal 2022 also reflected higher demand for labor in many of our markets resulting in higher wages. We estimate that the combined impact of these wage pressures caused our labor expense to increase by approximately 3.1 million for fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021. 

Advertising expense increased by 1.2 million primarily reflecting increases in digital advertising as well as newspaper advertising, combined with higher advertising labor expense. Despite this year-over-year increase, our expense remains less than half of pre-pandemic expense as a result of initial measures we took in response to COVID-19 in fiscal 2020. We expect our expense to continue to benefit from reduced advertising activity in the foreseeable future as we continue to evaluate the impact on our sales. 

Administrative expense decreased by 4.1 million, primarily attributable to a decrease in company performance-based incentive accruals, partially offset by an increase in employee labor and benefit-related expense in the current fiscal year combined with the elimination of an employment agreement-related liability in fiscal 2021. 

Interest Expense . Interest expense decreased to 0.6 million in fiscal 2022 compared with 0.9 million in fiscal 2021. 
 Income Taxes . The provision for income taxes decreased to 6.8 million for fiscal 2022 compared to 32.7 million for fiscal 2021, primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. Our effective tax rate of 20.7 for fiscal 2022 compared with 24.2 for fiscal 2021. Our lower effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 reflected a higher tax deduction related to share-based compensation combined with lower pre-tax income. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal liquidity requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and cash dividends. We fund our liquidity requirements primarily through cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowings from our revolving credit facility. We believe our cash and cash equivalents, future cash flows from operations and borrowings from our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 We ended fiscal 2022 and 2021 with 25.6 million of cash and 97.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively, and no revolving credit borrowings. The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Total cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(28,440) 

115,528 

148,743 

Investing activities 

(13,180) 

(10,615) 

(5,360) 

Financing activities 

(30,235) 

(72,147) 

(86,952) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(71,855) 

32,766 

56,431 

The seasonality of our business generally provides greater cash flows from operations during the holiday and winter selling season. We use operating cash flows and borrowings under our revolving credit facility, if necessary, to fund inventory increases in anticipation of the holidays and our inventory levels are normally at their highest in the months leading up to Christmas. As holiday sales typically reduce inventory levels, this reduction, combined with net income, historically provides us with strong cash flows from operations at the end of our fiscal year. 
 30 
 
 For fiscal 2022, we experienced weaker consumer demand that reflected in part significant inflationary pressures and heightened recessionary concerns that negatively impacted consumer sentiment. The higher inflation and softening consumer demand led to lower sales and higher expenses which contributed to decreased net income year over year. Funding for merchandise inventory increased in fiscal 2022 as we continued to replenish depleted inventory levels resulting from strong consumer demand and supply chain challenges in fiscal 2021. The decrease in our operating cash flow for fiscal 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflects our lower earnings and increased funding of merchandise inventory. 
 For fiscal 2021, as COVID-19 restrictions continued easing in many of our markets, we experienced strong consumer demand across a broad assortment of product categories, including increased consumer demand for team sports products, which was weak in fiscal 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This strong consumer demand for fiscal 2021 contributed to higher sales and margins and increased net income year-over-year. After reducing merchandise inventory in fiscal 2020 in response to COVID-19, we increased purchases of merchandise inventory in fiscal 2021 to support the strong consumer demand. Although our operating cash flow for fiscal 2021 was healthy, reflecting our higher earnings, the increased funding of merchandise inventory for the year contributed to reduced operating cash flow compared to fiscal 2020. 
 Operating Activities . Operating cash flows for fiscal 2022 and 2021 were a negative 28.4 million and a positive 115.5 million, respectively. The decreased cash flow from operating activities in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflects decreased net income, increased funding of merchandise inventory and decreased accrued expenses primarily related to performance-based incentive accruals. 
 Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was 13.2 million and 10.6 million, respectively. Capital expenditures, excluding non-cash acquisitions, represented substantially all of the cash used in investing activities for each period. In fiscal 2021, capital expenditures of 10.9 million were partially offset by a portion of settlement proceeds related to a civil unrest insurance recovery of 0.2 million. Our capital expenditures primarily reflect store-related remodeling, new store openings, distribution center investments and computer hardware and software purchases. Capital expenditures by category are as follows: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Store-related remodels 

7,805 

5,381 

4,849 

New stores 

3,577 

2,727 

169 

Distribution center 

1,212 

1,177 

840 

Computer hardware, software and other 

599 

1,579 

1,489 

Total 

13,193 

10,864 

7,347 

Capital expenditures in the fiscal years presented included investment in existing store remodeling to support our merchandising initiatives and enhancement of information security measures to support our infrastructure. Our capital expenditures included three new stores, including relocations, in fiscal 2022 and five new stores, including relocations, in fiscal 2021. 
 Financing Activities . Financing cash flows for fiscal 2022 and 2021 were a negative 30.2 million and a negative 72.1 million, respectively. For fiscal 2022 and 2021, net cash was used primarily to fund dividend payments, purchase treasury stock and make principal payments on finance lease liabilities, partially offset by proceeds received from the exercise of employee share option awards. The change in cash flow from financing activities for fiscal 2022 primarily reflects a decrease in dividends paid in fiscal 2022 compared to the prior year, which included special dividends of 2.00 per share that were declared in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2021. 
 As of January 1, 2023, we had no revolving credit borrowings and letter of credit commitments of 1.4 million outstanding. These balances compare to no revolving credit borrowings and letter of credit commitments of 1.1 million outstanding as of January 2, 2022. 
 In fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 we paid cash dividends of 1.00, 2.83 and 0.25 per share of outstanding common stock. Dividends declared in fiscal 2021 included special dividends totaling 2.00 per share of outstanding common stock. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share of outstanding common stock, which will be paid on March 24, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2023. 
 31 
 
 Periodically, we repurchase our common stock in the open market pursuant to programs approved by our Board of Directors. We may repurchase our common stock for a variety of reasons, including, among other things, our alternative cash requirements, existing business conditions and the current market price of our stock. In fiscal 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for the purchase of up to 25.0 million of our common stock, which was in effect through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 and under which a total of 7.7 million remained available for share repurchases as of January 2, 2022. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to 25.0 million of our common stock, which replaced the previous share repurchase program. Under these programs, we may purchase shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the timing and amount of such purchases, if any, would be at the discretion of our management and Board of Directors, and would depend on market conditions and other considerations. We repurchased 295,719 shares of common stock in fiscal 2022, repurchased 361,323 shares of common stock in fiscal 2021 and repurchased no shares of common stock in fiscal 2020. Since the inception of our initial share repurchase program in May 2006 through January 1, 2023, we have repurchased a total of 4,186,014 shares for 53.6 million. 
 Loan Agreement . As of January 3, 2021, we had a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent, and a syndicate of other lenders, as amended (the Prior Credit Agreement ), which was terminated and replaced on February 24, 2021 as discussed below. 
 On February 24, 2021, we terminated the Prior Credit Agreement and entered into a Loan, Guaranty and Security agreement with Bank of America, N.A. BofA ), as agent and lender, which was amended on November 22, 2021 and October 19, 2022 (as so amended, the Loan Agreement ). The Loan Agreement has a maturity date of February 24, 2026 and provides for a revolving credit facility with an aggregate committed availability of up to 150.0 million. We may also request additional increases in aggregate availability, up to a maximum of 200.0 million, in which case the existing lender under the Loan Agreement will have the option to increase their commitment to accommodate the requested increase. If the lender does not exercise that option, we may (with the consent of BofA in its role as the administrative agent, not to be unreasonably withheld) seek other lenders willing to provide such commitments. The credit facility includes a 50.0 million sublimit for issuances of letters of credit. 
 Similar to the Prior Credit Agreement, we may borrow under the Loan Agreement from time to time, provided the amounts outstanding will not exceed the lesser of the then aggregate committed availability (as discussed above) and the Borrowing Base (such lesser amount being referred to as the Line Cap ). As defined in the Loan Agreement, the Borrowing Base generally is comprised of the sum, at the time of calculation, of (a) 90.00 of eligible credit card receivables; plus (b) the cost of eligible inventory (other than eligible in-transit inventory), net of inventory reserves, multiplied by 90.00 of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory (expressed as a percentage of the cost of eligible inventory); plus (c) the cost of eligible in-transit inventory, net of inventory reserves, multiplied by 90.00 of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible in-transit inventory (expressed as a percentage of the cost of eligible in-transit inventory), minus (d) certain agreed-upon reserves as well as other reserves established by BofA in its role as the administrative agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Generally, we may designate specific borrowings under the Loan Agreement as either base rate loans or Term SOFR rate loans. The applicable interest rate on our borrowings is a function of the daily average, over the preceding fiscal quarter, of the excess of the Line Cap over amounts borrowed (such amount being referred to as the Average Daily Availability ). Those loans designated as Term SOFR rate loans bear interest at a rate equal to the then applicable secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York SOFR rate plus a 0.10 SOFR adjustment spread, plus an applicable margin as shown in the table below. Those loans designated as base rate loans bear interest at a rate equal to the applicable margin for base rate loans (as shown below) plus the highest of (a) the Federal funds rate, as in effect from time to time, plus one-half of one percent (0.50 ), (b) the one-month SOFR rate, plus one percentage point (1.00 ), or (c) the rate of interest in effect for such day as announced from time to time within BofA as its prime rate. The applicable margin for all loans is a function of Average Daily Availability for the preceding fiscal quarter as set forth below. 

Level 
 
 Average Daily Availability 
 
 SOFR Rate Applicable Margin 
 
 Base Rate Applicable Margin 

I 
 
 Greater than or equal to 70,000,000 
 
 1.375 
 
 0.375 

II 
 
 Less than 70,000,000 
 
 1.500 
 
 0.500 

The commitment fee assessed on the unused portion of the credit facility is 0.20 per annum. 
 32 
 
 Obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a general lien on and security interest in substantially all of our assets. The Loan Agreement contains covenants that require us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0:1.0 in certain circumstances, and limits our ability to, among other things, incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, transfer or dispose of assets, change the nature of the business, guarantee obligations, pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase stock, and make advances, loans or investments. We may generally declare or pay cash dividends or repurchase stock only if, among other things, no default or event of default then exists or would arise from such dividend or repurchase of stock and, after giving effect to such dividend or repurchase, certain availability and/or fixed charge coverage ratio requirements are satisfied, although we are permitted to make up to 5.0 million of dividend payments or stock repurchases per year without satisfaction of the availability or fixed charge coverage ratio requirements, but dividends or stock repurchases made without satisfying the availability and/or fixed charge coverage ratio requirements will require the establishment of an additional reserve that will reduce borrowing availability under the Loan Agreement for 75 days. The Loan Agreement contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, failure to pay when due principal amounts with respect to the credit facility, failure to pay any interest or other amounts under the credit facility, failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants contained in the Loan Agreement, failure to satisfy certain judgments against us, failure to pay when due (or any other default which permits the acceleration of) certain other material indebtedness in principal amount in excess of 5.0 million, and certain insolvency and bankruptcy events. 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we paid and capitalized 0.7 million in new creditor and third-party fees associated with the Loan Agreement, which is amortized over the term of the Loan Agreement, and extinguished 0.2 million of deferred financing fees associated with the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 Future Capital Requirements . We had cash on hand of 25.6 million as of January 1, 2023. We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2023, excluding non-cash acquisitions, to range from approximately 15.0 million to 20.0 million, primarily to fund the opening of new stores, store-related remodeling, distribution center investments and computer hardware and software purchases. For fiscal 2023, we anticipate opening approximately six new stores and closing approximately five stores. 
 Dividends are paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors. In fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 we paid annual cash dividends of 1.00 per share, 2.83 per share and 0.25 per share, respectively, of outstanding common stock. Dividends declared in fiscal 2021 included special dividends in the amount of 2.00 per share of outstanding common stock. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share of outstanding common stock, which will be paid on March 24, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2023. 
 As of January 1, 2023, a total of 20.9 million remained available for share repurchases under our new share repurchase program. We repurchased 295,719 shares of our common stock in fiscal 2022, repurchased 361,323 shares of our common stock in fiscal 2021 and repurchased no shares of our common stock in fiscal 2020. We consider several factors in determining when and if we make share repurchases including, among other things, our alternative cash requirements, existing business conditions and the market price of our stock. 
 We believe we will be able to fund our cash requirements from cash on hand, operating cash flows and borrowings from our credit facility, for at least the next 12 months. 
 Contractual Obligations . Our material contractual obligations include operating lease commitments associated with our leased properties and other occupancy expense, finance lease obligations, borrowings under our credit facility, if any, and other liabilities. Operating lease commitments consist principally of leases for our retail store facilities, distribution center and corporate offices. These leases frequently include options which permit us to extend the terms beyond the initial fixed lease term, and we intend to renegotiate most of these leases as they expire. Operating lease commitments also generally consist of information technology IT systems hardware, distribution center delivery tractors and vehicle leases. Additional information regarding our operating leases is available in Item 2, Properties and Note 7, Lease Commitments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of the end of fiscal 2022 and 2021, we had no borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our zero borrowings reflect improved profitability and positive operating cash flow from increased consumer demand related to the COVID-19 pandemic during fiscal 2020 and 2021. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into arrangements with vendors to purchase merchandise in advance of expected delivery. Because most of these purchase orders do not contain any termination payments or other penalties if cancelled, they are not considered as outstanding contractual obligations. 
 33 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our critical accounting estimates detailed below are included in our significant accounting policies as described in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Those consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Critical accounting estimates are those that we believe are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expense. Our estimates are evaluated on an ongoing basis and drawn from historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. Actual results may differ from our estimates. Management believes that the following accounting estimates are critical and reflect the more significant judgments and estimates we use in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 
 Valuation of Merchandise Inventories, Net 
 Our merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the weighted-average cost method that approximates the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Average cost consists of the direct purchase price of merchandise inventory, net of vendor allowances and cash discounts, in-bound freight-related costs and allocated overhead costs associated with our distribution center. 
 We record valuation reserves on a quarterly basis for merchandise items with slow-moving or obsolescence exposure and merchandise that has a carrying value that exceeds net realizable value. These reserves are estimates of a reduction in value to reflect inventory valuation at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Factors included in determining slow-moving or obsolescence reserve estimates include recent customer demand, merchandise aging, seasonal trends and decisions to discontinue certain products. Because of our merchandise mix, we have not historically experienced significant occurrences of obsolescence. Our inventory valuation reserves for damaged and defective merchandise, slow-moving or obsolete merchandise and for lower of cost or net realizable value provisions totaled 2.7 million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, representing approximately 1 of our merchandise inventory for both periods. 
 A 10 change in our inventory valuation reserves estimate in total as of January 1, 2023, would result in a change in reserves of 0.3 million and a change in pre-tax earnings by the same amount. Our reserves are estimates, which could vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from actual results if future economic conditions, consumer demand and competitive environments differ from our expectations. At this time, we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions that we use to calculate our inventory reserves. 
 Valuation of Long-Lived Assets 
 In accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for recoverability at the lowest level in which there are identifiable cash flows asset group ), usually at the store level. The carrying amount of a store asset group includes stores operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and property and equipment, which consists primarily of leasehold improvements. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses, and a projection that demonstrates continuing losses or insufficient income over the remaining reasonably certain lease term associated with the use of a store asset group. Other factors may include an adverse change in the business climate or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator in the market of a store asset group. 
 We evaluate the store asset groups with indicators of impairment by estimating future undiscounted cash flows of a store asset group over its remaining reasonably certain lease term to determine whether the long-lived assets are recoverable. In situations where the carrying amount of the store asset group exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, a fair value of the store asset group is determined using discounted cash flow valuation techniques and impairment is recognized when the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. 
 We determine the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the asset group by projecting future revenue, gross margin and operating expense for each store under evaluation for impairment. The estimates of future cash flows involve management judgment and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance. Assumptions used in these forecasts are consistent with internal planning, and include assumptions about sales growth rates, gross margins, operating expense in relation to the current economic environment and our future expectations, competitive factors in our various markets, inflation, sales trends and other relevant environmental factors that may impact the store under evaluation. The actual cash flows could differ from management s estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance and economic conditions. 
 34 
 
 The resulting impairment charge, if any, is allocated to the property and equipment, primarily leasehold improvements, and operating lease ROU assets on a pro rata basis using the relative carrying amounts of those assets. The allocated impairment charge to a long-lived asset is limited to the extent that the impairment charge does not reduce the carrying amount of the long-lived asset below its individual fair value. The estimation of the fair value of an ROU asset involves the evaluation of current market value rental amounts for leases associated with ROU assets. The estimates of current market value rental amounts are primarily based on recent observable market rental data of other comparable retail store locations. The fair value of an ROU asset is measured using a discounted cash flow valuation technique by discounting the estimated current and future market rental values using a property-specific discount rate. 
 Our evaluation resulted in no impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Seasonality and Impact of Inflation 
 We experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and operating results, which can suffer when weather does not conform to seasonal norms, such as the first quarter of fiscal 2022 when we experienced warm and dry winter-weather conditions across our markets that resulted in significant carryover of winter inventory. Seasonality in our net sales influences our buying patterns which directly impacts our merchandise and accounts payable levels and cash flows. We purchase merchandise for seasonal activities in advance of a season and supplement our merchandise assortment as necessary and when possible during the season. Our efforts to replenish products during a season are not always successful. In the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season and the start of the winter selling season, we normally experience higher inventory purchase volumes and increased expense for staffing and advertising. If we miscalculate the consumer demand for our products generally or for our product mix in advance of a season, particularly the fourth quarter, our net sales can decline, which can harm our financial performance. A significant shortfall from expected net sales, particularly during the fourth quarter, can negatively impact our annual operating results. 
 In fiscal 2021 and 2022, we experienced greater inflation in the cost of products that we purchase for resale as well as higher freight costs than in previous years. While our merchandise inventory costs have been impacted by these inflationary pressures, we have generally been able to adjust our selling prices in response to these higher product purchase costs. However, if we are unable to adjust our selling prices for product purchase cost increases that might occur in the future, then our merchandise margins could decline, which would adversely impact our operating results. In fiscal 2021 and 2022, we also experienced increased wage expense as a result of higher demand and intensifying competition for labor in many of our markets and we expect these dynamics to continue into fiscal 2023. Broad-based inflationary pressures adversely impacted many categories of costs and expenses during fiscal 2022 and this impact is expected to continue into fiscal 2023. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Updates 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are subject to risks resulting from interest rate fluctuations since interest on our borrowings under our Credit Facility, if any, is based on variable rates. We enter into borrowings under our Credit Facility principally for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. We routinely evaluate the best use of our cash on hand and manage financial statement exposure to interest rate fluctuations by managing our level of indebtedness and the interest base rate options on such indebtedness. We do not currently have borrowings under our Credit Facility as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022. We do not utilize derivative instruments and do not engage in foreign currency transactions or hedging activities to manage our interest rate risk. 
 Changes in foreign currency rates can increase the purchase cost of our products. All of our stores are located in the United States, and all imported merchandise is purchased in U.S. dollars. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and the supplementary financial information required by this Item and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information which is required to be timely disclosed is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), in a timely fashion. We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of January 1, 2023. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of January 1, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective, at a reasonable assurance level, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based upon the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of January 1, 2023, we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. The attestation report issued by Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, on our internal control over financial reporting is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 36 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation El Segundo, California 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended January 1, 2023, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 37 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHE R INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 38 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 ITEM 14. P RINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 
 39 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements. 

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 hereof. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule. 

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 hereof. 
 (3) Exhibits. 

The exhibits listed in the Index to Exhibits shown beginning on the next page are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or are incorporated by reference from documents previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 40 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation. (1) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. (11) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate. (2) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Common Stock. (18) 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2008, between Steven G. Miller and Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation. (9) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Indemnification Implementation Agreement between Big 5 Corp. (successor to United Merchandising Corp.) and Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc. dated as of April 20, 1994. (1) 

10.3 
 
 Agreement and Release among Pacific Enterprises, Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc., Thrifty PayLess, Inc., Thrifty and Big 5 Corp. (successor to United Merchandising Corp.) dated as of March 11, 1994. (1) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. (1) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Letter Agreement. (2) 

10.6 
 
 Lease dated as of April 14, 2004 by and between Pannatoni Development Company, LLC and Big 5 Corp. (3) 

10.7 
 
 Employment Offer Letter dated August 15, 2005 between Barry D. Emerson and Big 5 Corp. (5) 

10.8 
 
 Severance Agreement dated as of August 9, 2006 between Barry D. Emerson and Big 5 Corp. (6) 

10.9 
 
 Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation 2007 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of April 19, 2016). (13) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation 2007 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan, effective as of January 12, 2018. (14) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement for use with 2007 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan. (7) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement for use with 2007 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan. (8) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice approved for use with Amended and Restated 2007 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan. (10) 

10.14 
 
 Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. (15) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Grant Notice for use with 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan. (16) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement and Restricted Stock Grant Notice for use with 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. (16) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice for use with 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. (16) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Change of Control Severance Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2015. (12) 

10.19 
 
 Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2021 among Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation, Big 5 Corp. and Big 5 Services Corp., the financial institutions party to the Agreement from time to time as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as agent. (17) 

10.20 
 
 First Amendment to Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 among Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation, Big 5 Corp. and Big 5 Services Corp., and Bank of America, N.A., as agent and lender. (18) 

10.21 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022 among Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation, Big 5 Corp. and Big 5 Services Corp., and Bank of America, N.A., as agent and lender. (19) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation. (4) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte Touche LLP. (20) 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. (20) 

41 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. (20) 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. (20) 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. (20) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document. (20) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. (20) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. (20) 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. (20) 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. (20) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. (20) 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). (20) 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on March 31, 2003. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on June 24, 2002. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on August 6, 2004. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on September 6, 2005. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on March 16, 2006. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on August 11, 2006. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on June 25, 2007. 

(8) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on March 10, 2008. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on January 6, 2009. 

(10) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on June 20, 2011. 

(11) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on December 22, 2022. 

(12) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on October 28, 2015. 

(13) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on June 14, 2016. 

(14) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on February 28, 2018. 

(15) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on June 11, 2019. 

(16) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on July 31, 2019. 

(17) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on March 1, 2021. 

(18) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on March 3, 2021. 

(19) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation on November 2, 2022. 

(20) Filed herewith. 

42 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION, 

a Delaware corporation 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven G. Miller 

Steven G. Miller 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Steven G. Miller 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Steven G. Miller 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Director of the Company 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Barry D. Emerson 
 
 Executive Vice President, 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Barry D. Emerson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and 

Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Colleen B. Brown 
 
 Director of the Company 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Colleen B. Brown 

/s/ Stephen E. Carley 
 
 Director of the Company 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Stephen E. Carley 

/s/ Lily W. Chang 
 
 Director of the Company 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Lily W. Chang 

/s/ Jennifer H. Dunbar 
 
 Director of the Company 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jennifer H. Dunbar 

/s/ Van B. Honeycutt 
 
 Director of the Company 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Van B. Honeycutt 

/s/ David R. Jessick 
 
 Director of the Company 
 
 March 1, 2023 

David R. Jessick 

43 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023. January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule: 
 Schedule 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts as of January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 
 II 

F- 1 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation El Segundo, California 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022, and January 3, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022, and January 3, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Inventory - Valuation of Merchandise Inventories, Net - Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s merchandise inventories are valued using the weighted-average cost method. The Company estimates and records valuation reserves on a quarterly basis to record inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value LCNRV ). This includes, among other things, estimating the valuation reserve for inventory with slow-moving or obsolescence exposure, which consider factors such as recent customer demand, merchandise aging, seasonal trends, and decisions to discontinue certain products. Merchandise inventories, net, and inventory valuation reserves were 303.5 million and 2.7 million, respectively, as of January 1, 2023. 
 We identified the valuation of merchandise inventories as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions required in identifying the population of inventory with slow-moving or obsolescence exposure and measuring the valuation reserves required to record such inventory at the LCNRV, resulting in a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate such assumptions. 
 F- 2 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation reserves for inventory with slow-moving or obsolescence exposure included the following, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of management s controls over the review of slow-moving and obsolescence inventory exposure and the required reserves to record such inventory at the LCNRV. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the underlying financial information used in management s analysis, including the aging of on-hand inventory balances, recent sales quantity for specific inventory, and classification of inventory category by department. 

We evaluated the assumptions used by management in identifying the population of inventory with slow-moving or obsolescence exposure that require a reserve and determining the amount of reserve to record. 

We performed data analytical procedures over the inventory balance, such as analyzing inventory trend levels and turnover rates, to evaluate the completeness of management s identified population of inventory with slow-moving or obsolescence exposure that require a reserve. 

We compared actual inventory sold below cost in the current fiscal year to the inventory valuation reserve estimated by the Company in the prior year to evaluate management s ability to accurately estimate the valuation reserve for inventory. 

We evaluated management s calculation of the valuation reserve by testing the mathematical accuracy of the reserve calculation. 

/s/ 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 F- 3 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

January 1, 2023 

January 2, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 

Merchandise inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value, authorized shares; issued and shares, respectively; outstanding and shares, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Less: Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

January 1, 2023 

January 2, 2022 

January 3, 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling and administrative expense 

Other income 

() 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Additional 

Treasury 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Retained 

Stock, 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

At Cost 

Total 

Balance as of January 2, 2022 

() 

Net income 

Dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of nonvested share awards 

() 

Conversion of vested share unit awards 

() 

Exercise of share option awards 

Share-based compensation 

Forfeiture of nonvested share awards 

() 

Retirement of common stock for payment of withholding tax 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of January 1, 2023 

() 

Additional 

Treasury 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Retained 

Stock, 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

At Cost 

Total 

Balance as of January 3, 2021 

() 

Net income 

Dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of nonvested share awards 

() 

Exercise of share option awards 

Share-based compensation 

Forfeiture of nonvested share awards 

() 

Retirement of common stock for payment of withholding tax 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of January 2, 2022 

() 

Additional 

Treasury 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Retained 

Stock, 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

At Cost 

Total 

Balance as of December 29, 2019 

() 

Net income 

Dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of nonvested share awards 

() 

Exercise of share option awards 

Share-based compensation 

Forfeiture of nonvested share awards 

() 

Retirement of common stock for payment of withholding tax 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of January 3, 2021 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

January 1, 2023 

January 2, 2022 

January 3, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash 

(used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of other assets 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

Noncash lease expense 

Proceeds from insurance recovery - lost profit margin and expenses 

Gain on recovery of insurance proceeds - lost profit margin and expenses 

() 

() 

Gain on recovery of insurance proceeds - property and equipment 

() 

() 

Gain on eminent domain condemnation 

() 

Proceeds from eminent domain condemnation - lost profit margin 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

Merchandise inventories, net 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from insurance recovery - property and equipment 

Proceeds from eminent domain condemnation - property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Payments under revolving credit facility 

() 

Changes in book overdraft 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs paid 

() 

() 

() 

Principal payments under finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of share option awards 

Cash purchases of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Tax withholding payments for share-based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Property and equipment acquired under finance leases 

Property and equipment additions unpaid 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 stores and an e-commerce platform as of January 1, 2023. The Company provides a full-line product offering in a traditional sporting goods store format that averages approximately square feet. The Company s product mix includes athletic shoes, apparel and accessories, as well as a broad selection of outdoor and athletic equipment for team sports, fitness, camping, hunting, fishing, home recreation, tennis, golf, and winter and summer recreation. The Company is a holding company that operates as reportable segment under the Big 5 Sporting Goods name through Big 5 Corp., its -owned subsidiary, and Big 5 Services Corp., which is a -owned subsidiary of Big 5 Corp. Big 5 Services Corp. provides a centralized operation for the issuance and administration of gift cards and returned merchandise credits (collectively, stored-value cards ). The Company s consolidated financial statements as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 and for the years ended January 1, 2023 fiscal 2022 ), January 2, 2022 fiscal 2021 and January 3, 2021 fiscal 2020 represent the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

- week fiscal year, which ends on the Sunday nearest December 31. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 included 52 weeks, and fiscal 2020 included 53 weeks. 
 
 . Cash equivalents represent investments of excess cash on hand of million into U.S. Treasury bills as of January 2, 2022 . There were cash equivalents as of January 1, 2023. Because of the Company s geographic concentration in the western United States, the Company is subject to regional risks, such as the economy, including downturns in the housing market, state financial conditions, unemployment and gas prices. Other regional risks include weather conditions, fires, droughts, earthquakes, power outages, floods and other natural disasters specific to the states in which the Company operates. The Company relies on a single distribution center located in Riverside, California, which services all of its stores and e-commerce platform. Any natural disaster or other serious disruption to the distribution center due to fire, earthquake or any other cause could damage a significant portion of inventory and could materially impair the Company s ability to adequately stock its stores and fulfill its e-commerce business. The Company purchases merchandise from nearly suppliers, and the Company s largest suppliers accounted for of total purchases in fiscal 2022 . vendor represented greater than of total purchases in fiscal 2022. A significant portion of the Company s inventory is manufactured abroad in Asia. Foreign imports subject the Company to the risks of changes in, or the imposition of new, import tariffs, duties or quotas, new restrictions on imports, loss of most favored nation status with the United States for a particular foreign country, antidumping or countervailing duty orders, retaliatory actions in response to illegal trade practices, work stoppages, delays in shipment, freight expense increases, product cost increases due to foreign currency fluctuations or revaluations, public health issues that could lead to temporary closures of facilities or shipping ports, such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19, and other economic uncertainties. If a disruption of trade were to occur from the countries in which the suppliers of the Company s vendors are located, the Company may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities of products to satisfy its requirements, or the cost of obtaining products may increase. In early fiscal 2021, the Company was informed of an expansion of Nike s direct-to-consumer initiatives that impacted certain multi-branded retailers, including the Company, and which led to a significant reduction in supply chain relative to this vendor. This transition did not impact our ability to continue to purchase certain Nike branded products from authorized licensees even though Nike no longer represents a significant percentage of our merchandise purchases. The Company has been actively expanding its relationships with other new and existing vendors in an effort to replace the affected Nike product within its product mix, which has been hampered in some instances by vendor supply chain challenges. A substantial amount of the Company s inventory is manufactured abroad. From time to time, shipping ports experience capacity constraints (such as delays associated with COVID-19), labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions that may delay the delivery of imported products. A contract dispute may lead to protracted delays in the movement of the Company s products, which could further delay the delivery of products to the Company s stores and impact net sales and profitability. In addition, other conditions outside of the Company s control, such as adverse weather conditions or acts of terrorism or war, such as the current conflict in Ukraine, could significantly disrupt operations at shipping ports or otherwise impact transportation of the imported merchandise we sell, either through supply chain disruptions, or rising freight and fuel costs. The Company could be exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by its lender under its revolving credit facility. Instability in the financial and capital markets could bring additional potential risks to the Company, including higher costs of credit, potential lender defaults, and potential commercial bank failures. The Company has received no indication that any such events will negatively impact its lender under its credit facility; however, the possibility does exist. 
 
 reportable segment as defined by ASC 280, Segment Reporting . 
 
 reportable segment. 

Athletic and sport footwear 

Athletic and sport apparel 

Other sales 

Net sales 

Substantially all of the Company s revenue is for single performance obligations for the following distinct items: Retail store sales 

 E-commerce sales 

 Stored-value cards 

 For performance obligations related to retail store and e-commerce sales contracts, the Company typically transfers control, for retail stores, upon consummation of the sale when the product is paid for and taken by the customer and, for e-commerce sales, when the product is tendered for delivery to the common carrier. For performance obligations related to stored-value cards, the Company typically transfers control upon redemption of the stored-value card through consummation of a future sales transaction. The transaction price for each contract is the stated price on the product, reduced by any stated discounts at that point in time. The Company does not engage in sales of products that attach a future material right which could result in a separate performance obligation for the purchase of goods in the future at a material discount. The implicit point-of-sale contract with the customer, as reflected in the transaction receipt, states the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity, and price of each product purchased. Payment for the Company s contracts is due in full upon delivery. The customer agrees to a stated price implicit in the contract. The transaction price relative to sales subject to a right of return reflects the amount of estimated consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled. This amount of variable consideration included in the transaction price, and measurement of net sales, is included in net sales only to the extent that it is probable that there will be no significant reversal in a future period. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the Company s estimates. There were no material adjustments to the Company s previous estimates. The allowance for sales returns is estimated based upon historical experience and a provision for estimated returns is recorded as a reduction in sales in the relevant period. The estimated right-of-return merchandise cost related to the sales returns is recorded as prepaid expense in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2023. If actual results in the future vary from the Company s estimates, the Company adjusts these estimates, which would affect net sales and earnings in the period such variances become known. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient, relative to e-commerce sales, which allows an entity to account for shipping and handling as fulfillment activities, and not a separate performance obligation. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue for only performance obligation, the sale of the product, at shipping point (when the customer gains control). Revenue associated with e-commerce sales is not material. Contract liabilities are recognized primarily for stored-value card sales and issuances in exchange for returns. Cash received from the sale or issuance of stored-value cards is recorded as a contract liability in accrued expenses in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, and the Company recognizes revenue upon the customer s redemption of the stored-value card. Stored-value card breakage is recognized as revenue in proportion to the pattern of customer redemptions by applying a historical breakage rate of percent. The Company does not sell or provide stored-value cards that carry expiration dates. The Company recognized million, million and million in stored-value card redemption revenue for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also recognized million in stored-value card breakage revenue for each of fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company had outstanding stored-value card liabilities of million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively, which are included in accrued expenses in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Based upon historical experience, stored-value cards are predominantly redeemed in the first following their issuance date. The Company recorded, as prepaid expense in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, estimated right-of-return merchandise cost of million related to estimated sales returns as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , and recorded, as accrued expense in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, an allowance for sales returns reserve of million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively. 

million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The Company reduced advertising significantly in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Advertising expense is included in selling and administrative expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company receives co-operative advertising allowances from certain product vendors in order to subsidize qualifying advertising and similar promotional expenditures made relating to vendors products. Co-operative advertising allowances recognized as a reduction to selling and administrative expense amounted to for fiscal 2022 and 2021 and million for fiscal 2020 . Beginning in the second half of fiscal 2020, as a result of the significant reductions of print advertising in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company treated these advertising allowances as a reduction of inventory cost and cost of goods sold which had an immaterial effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Buildings 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Internal-use software 

Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. The Company incurs costs to purchase and develop software for internal use. Costs related to the application development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the software. Costs related to the design or maintenance of internal-use software are expensed as incurred. See Note 3 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion on property and equipment. 
 The resulting impairment charge, if any, is allocated to the property and equipment, primarily leasehold improvements, and operating lease ROU assets on a pro rata basis using the relative carrying amounts of those assets. The allocated impairment charge to a long-lived asset is limited to the extent that the impairment charge does not reduce the carrying amount of the long-lived asset below its individual fair value. The estimation of the fair value of an ROU asset involves the evaluation of current market value rental amounts for leases associated with ROU assets. The estimates of current market value rental amounts are primarily based on recent observable market rental data of other comparable retail store locations. The fair value of an ROU asset is measured using a discounted cash flow valuation technique by discounting the estimated current and future market rental values using a property-specific discount rate. The Company did t recognize any impairment charges in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 In response to the large volume of anticipated lease concessions to be granted related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the resultant expected cost and complexity of applying the lease modification requirements in ASC 842, the FASB issued Staff Q A Topic 842 and Topic 840: Accounting For Lease Concessions Related to the Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic , in April 2020 as interpretive guidance to provide clarity in response to the crisis. The FASB staff indicated that it would be acceptable for entities to make an election to account for lease concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic consistent with how they would be accounted for as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed in the original contract. Consequently, for such lease concessions, an entity will not need to reassess each existing contract to determine whether enforceable rights and obligations for concessions exist and an entity can elect to apply or not to apply the lease modification guidance in ASC 842 to those contracts. The election is available for concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that result in the total payments required by the modified contract being substantially the same as or less than total payments required by the original contract. In accordance with this interpretive guidance, the Company elected to account for lease concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that resulted in the total payments required by the modified contract being substantially the same as or less than total payments required by the original contract consistent with how they would be accounted for as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed in the original contract. Consequently, for such lease concessions, the Company did not reassess each existing contract to determine whether enforceable rights and obligations for concessions existed and elected not to apply the lease modification guidance in ASC 842 to those contracts. The Company accounted for COVID-19 lease abatements of million in fiscal 2020 as reductions to variable lease expense and accounted for lease deferrals of million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively, as if no changes to the lease contract were made while continuing to recognize expense during the deferral period and deferring the payment obligation as a liability. See Note 6 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion on leases. 
 million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively, of which million and million were recorded as a component of accrued expenses as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively, and million and million were recorded as a component of other long-term liabilities as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively, in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company s practice is to recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in selling and administrative expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , the Company had accrued interest or penalties. See Note 8 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion on income taxes. 
 million of common stock, which replaced the previous share repurchase program under which a total of million remained available. Under these programs, the Company may purchase shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company may repurchase its common stock for a variety of reasons, including, among other things, its alternative cash requirements, existing business conditions and the current market price of its stock. However, the timing and amount of such purchases, if any, would be at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors. The Company repurchased shares of common stock in fiscal 2022, repurchased shares of common stock in fiscal 2021 and repurchased shares of common stock in fiscal 2020. 

Furniture and equipment 

Internal-use software 

Land 

Building 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 

() 

() 

Assets not placed into service 

Property and equipment, net 

(1) Includes accumulated amortization for internal-use software development costs of million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively. 

Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment, including assets leased under finance leases, was million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Amortization expense for leasehold improvements was million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense for internal-use software was million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The gross cost of equipment under finance leases, included above, was million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively. The accumulated depreciation related to these finance leases was million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , respectively. 

 F- 17 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (continued) 
 
 cash equivalents. As of January 2, 2022 , the Company recorded million in cash equivalents, and classified these assets as Level 1 inputs, which are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets that the Company can access at the measurement date. The Company records these cash equivalents monthly, based on the prevailing market interest rate as of the measurement date. Book overdrafts for checks outstanding are classified as current liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The carrying amount for borrowings, if any, under the Company s credit facility approximates fair value because of the variable market interest rate charged to the Company for these borrowings. When the Company recognizes impairment on certain of its underperforming stores, the carrying values of these stores are reduced to their estimated fair values. The Company s only significant assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis subsequent to their initial recognition were assets subject to long-lived asset impairment related to certain underperforming stores. The Company estimates the fair values of these long-lived assets based on the Company s own judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset and on observable real estate market data of underperforming stores specific comparable markets, when available. The Company classifies these fair value measurements as Level 3 inputs, which are unobservable inputs for which market data are not available and that are developed using the best information available about pricing assumptions used by market participants in accordance with ASC 820. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , there were long-lived assets subject to impairment. 

Occupancy expense 

Sales tax 

Other 

Accrued expenses 

Payroll and related expense as of January 2, 2022 reflected a deferral of the employer portion of Social Security tax provided by the U.S. Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act, which allowed employers to defer their portion of the social security payroll tax otherwise due with respect to wages earned from March 27, 2020 through December 31, 2020. The decrease in accrued payroll and related expense as of January 1, 2023 compared to the prior year primarily reflects lower performance-based incentive accruals and payment during fiscal 2022 of the deferred portion of Social Security tax provided by the CARES Act. 

 years, which typically include the leases for up to years . The Company s finance leases have remaining reasonably certain lease terms of up to years. Certain of the leases for the Company s retail store facilities provide for variable payments for property taxes, insurance, common area maintenance payments related to triple net leases, rental payments based on future sales volumes at the leased location, as well as certain equipment sales taxes, licenses, fees and repairs, which are not measurable at the inception of the lease, or rental payments that are adjusted periodically for inflation. The Company recognizes variable lease expense for these leases in the period incurred which, for contingent rent, begins in the period in which it becomes probable that the specified target that triggers the variable lease payments will be achieved. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 

Variable lease expense 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

Operating lease expense 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Finance lease expense 

Total lease expense 

(1) Variable lease expense for fiscal 2020 was reduced by million for lease abatements related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that resulted in the total payments required by the modified contract being substantially the same as or less than total payments required by the original contract. See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion on lease concessions. 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Undiscounted cash flows 

Reconciliation of lease liabilities: 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Present values 

Lease liabilities - current 

Lease liabilities - long-term 

Lease liabilities - total 

Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows 

On February 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement with Bank of America, N.A. BofA ), as agent and lender, which was amended on November 22, 2021 and October 19, 2022 (as so amended, the Loan Agreement ). The Loan Agreement has a maturity date of and provides for a revolving credit facility with an aggregate committed availability of up to million. The Company may also request additional increases in aggregate availability, up to a maximum of million, in which case the existing lender under the Loan Agreement will have the option to increase the commitment to accommodate the requested increase. If such existing lender does not exercise that option, the Company may (with the consent of BofA in its role as the administrative agent, not to be unreasonably withheld) seek other lenders willing to provide such commitments. The credit facility includes a million sublimit for issuances of letters of credit. Similar to the Prior Credit Agreement, the Company may borrow under the Loan Agreement from time to time, provided the amounts outstanding will not exceed the lesser of the then aggregate committed availability (as discussed above) and the Borrowing Base (such lesser amount being referred to as the Line Cap ). As defined in the Loan Agreement, the Borrowing Base generally is comprised of the sum, at the time of calculation, of (a) of eligible credit card receivables; plus (b) the cost of eligible inventory (other than eligible in-transit inventory), net of inventory reserves, multiplied by of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory (expressed as a percentage of the cost of eligible inventory); plus (c) the cost of eligible in-transit inventory, net of inventory reserves, multiplied by of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible in-transit inventory (expressed as a percentage of the cost of eligible in-transit inventory), minus (d) certain agreed-upon reserves as well as other reserves established by BofA in its role as the administrative agent in its reasonable discretion. Generally, the Company may designate specific borrowings under the Loan Agreement as either base rate loans or Term SOFR rate loans. The applicable interest rate on the Company s borrowings is a function of the daily average, over the preceding fiscal quarter, of the excess of the Line Cap over amounts borrowed (such amount being referred to as the Average Daily Availability ). Those loans designated as Term SOFR rate loans bear interest at a rate equal to the then applicable secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York SOFR rate plus a SOFR adjustment spread, plus an applicable margin as shown in the table below. Those loans designated as base rate loans bear interest at a rate equal to ), (b) the one-month SOFR rate, plus one percentage point ), or (c) the rate of interest in effect for such day as announced from time to time within BofA as its prime rate. The applicable margin for all loans is a function of Average Daily Availability for the preceding fiscal quarter as set forth below. 

II 

The commitment fee assessed on the unused portion of the credit facility is per annum. :1.0 in certain circumstances, and limits the ability to, among other things, incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, transfer or dispose of assets, change the nature of the business, guarantee obligations, pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase stock, and make advances, loans or investments. The Company may generally declare or pay cash dividends or repurchase stock only if, among other things, no default or event of default then exists or would arise from such dividend or repurchase of stock and, after giving effect to such dividend or repurchase, certain availability and/or fixed charge coverage ratio requirements are satisfied, although the Company is permitted to make up to million of dividend payments or stock repurchases per year without satisfaction of the availability or fixed charge coverage ratio requirements, but dividends or stock repurchases made without satisfying the availability and/or fixed charge coverage ratio requirements will require the establishment of an additional reserve that will reduce borrowing availability under the Loan Agreement for 75 days. million, and certain insolvency and bankruptcy events. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company paid and capitalized million in new creditor and third-party fees associated with the Loan Agreement, which is amortized over the term of the Loan Agreement, and extinguished million of deferred financing fees associated with the Prior Credit Agreement. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , the Company had long-term revolving credit borrowings outstanding. 

 F- 21 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (continued) 

State 

Fiscal 2021: 

Federal 

State 

Fiscal 2020: 

Federal 

State 

() 

() 

to earnings before income taxes, as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

January 1, 2023 

January 2, 2022 

January 3, 2021 

(In thousands) 

Tax expense at statutory rate 

State tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

Additional deduction related to share-based compensation 

() 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

Tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

CARES Act net operating loss carryback 

() 

Write-offs related to nonvested share awards 

Other 

() 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 are tax-effected based on the federal and state corporate income tax rates. 

Insurance liabilities 

Deferred rent 

Gift card liability 

Merchandise inventory 

Property, plant and equipment 

Share-based compensation 

State taxes 

California Enterprise Zone Tax Credits 

Other deferred tax assets 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Prepaid expense 

() 

() 

Federal liability on state deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Accrual for software as a service 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

As of fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained a valuation allowance of million related to unused California Enterprise Zone Tax Credits, which the Company will not be able to carry forward beyond the tax year as a result of California s termination of this program. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections of future taxable income over the periods during which the deferred tax assets are deductible, except as noted above, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced if estimates of future taxable income are reduced. Certain prior period amounts were reclassified to conform with current period presentation requirements. The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return and files tax returns in various state and local jurisdictions. The statutes of limitations for its consolidated federal income tax returns are open for fiscal years and after, and state and local income tax returns are open for fiscal years and after. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , the Company had unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective income tax rate . The Company s policy is to recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expense. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 , the Company had accrued interest or penalties. 

 F- 23 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (continued) 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding: 

Basic 

Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents arising from share option, nonvested share and nonvested share unit awards 

Diluted 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Antidilutive share option awards excluded from diluted calculation 

Antidilutive nonvested share and nonvested share unit awards excluded from diluted calculation 

The computation of diluted earnings per share for the periods presented excludes certain share option awards since the exercise prices of these share option awards exceeded the average market price of the Company s common shares, and the effect of their inclusion would have been antidilutive (i.e., including such share option awards would result in higher earnings per share). nonvested share awards or nonvested share unit awards were antidilutive for fiscal 2021. The computation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2022 and 2020 excludes certain nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards that were outstanding and antidilutive, since the grant date fair values of these nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards exceeded the average market price of the Company s common shares. 

 million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 . The employment agreement further provided that, following his death, the Company would pay his surviving wife 350,000 per year and provide her specified benefits for the remainder of her life. During fiscal 2020, the Company made a payment of to Mr. Miller s wife. The Company recognized expense of million in fiscal 2020, to provide for a liability for the future obligations under this agreement. Based upon actuarial valuation estimates related to this agreement, the Company had a recorded liability of million as of January 3, 2021. The short-term portion of this liability was recorded in accrued expenses in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and the long-term portion was recorded in other long-term liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. In January 2021, Mrs. Miller passed away and, accordingly, the Company eliminated the liability of million and reduced selling and administrative expense by the same amount in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. 

 F- 24 
 
 BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (continued) 
 
 million for lost profit and property. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain for the million in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 related to the settlement, of which million represented lost property and equipment, which was included as other income in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Attorneys fees related to this settlement totaled million in fiscal 2020 and were included in selling and administrative expense in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Recovery of Insurance Proceeds In the second quarter of fiscal 2020, of the Company s stores were damaged and qualified for loss recovery claims as a result of civil unrest, and the Company disposed of assets of approximately million related to lost inventory and property and equipment. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company reached an agreement with its insurance carrier and, after application of a deductible of million, the Company received a cash insurance recovery of million in total, of which million related to the reimbursement of lost inventory and profit margin, million related to the reimbursement of property and equipment, and million related to a reimbursement for business interruption. Accordingly, the Company recognized gains of million related to the recovery of lost profit margin and business interruption, and million related to the recovery of property and equipment. The gain related to the recovery of lost profit margin and business interruption is included in the Company s consolidated statement of operations as a reduction to cost of goods sold, and the gain related to the recovery of lost property and equipment is included in the Company s consolidated statement of operations as a reduction to selling and administrative expense for fiscal 2021. In July 2019, of the Company s stores was damaged as a result of a fire and, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company disposed of assets of approximately million related to lost inventory and property and equipment. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company reached an agreement with its insurance carrier and, after application of a previous advance of million and deductible of million, the Company received a cash insurance recovery and recorded a gain of million in total, of which million related to the reimbursement of property and equipment, million related to the reimbursement of lost profit margin, and million related to a reimbursement for business interruption. The reimbursement of lost property and equipment is included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations as a reduction to selling and administrative expense, and the reimbursement of lost profit margin and business interruption is included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations as a reduction to cost of goods sold for fiscal 2020. 

 shares available for future grant. Awards under the 2019 Plan may consist of share option awards (both incentive share option awards and non-qualified share option awards), stock appreciation rights, nonvested share awards, other stock unit awards or dividend equivalents. In the past, share option awards issued by the Company have typically been non-qualified share option awards, while nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards issued by the Company have typically been based on the attainment of service-only conditions. Upon the adoption of the 2019 Plan, the Company stopped issuing awards under the Prior Plan, although the Company will continue to honor any outstanding awards under the Prior Plan. The 2019 Plan (i) permits the Company to issue a maximum of shares of the Company s common stock plus the number of any additional shares that may thereafter become available as a result of the forfeiture, expiration or other cancellation of awards under any prior plans; and (ii) expires on . Any share option awards or stock appreciation rights shall be counted against this limit as one share for every one share granted. Any shares that are subject to awards other than share option awards or stock appreciation rights (including shares delivered on the settlement of dividend equivalents) shall be counted against this limit as shares for every one share granted. The aggregate number of shares available under the 2019 Plan and the number of outstanding share option awards will be increased or decreased to reflect any changes in the outstanding common stock of the Company by reason of any recapitalization, spin-off, reorganization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar transaction. At its discretion, the Company grants share option awards, nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards to certain employees, as defined by ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , under the 2019 Plan, and accounts for its share-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718. As of January 1, 2023 , shares remained available for future grant, and share option awards, nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards remained outstanding. The Company accounts for its share-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718 and recognizes compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures, using the fair-value method for share option awards, nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards granted with service-only conditions. The estimated forfeiture rate considers historical employee turnover rates stratified into employee pools in comparison with an overall employee turnover rate, as well as expectations about the future. The Company periodically revises the estimated forfeiture rate in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Compensation expense recorded under this method for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, which reduced operating income and income before income taxes by the same amount. Compensation expense recognized in cost of sales was million in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 and compensation expense recognized in selling and administrative expense was million, million and million in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The recognized tax benefit related to compensation expense for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Net income for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflects the net-of-tax charge of million, million and million, respectively, or , and per basic and diluted share, respectively. Share Option Awards Share option awards granted by the Company generally vest and become exercisable in four equal installments of per year with a maximum life of . The exercise price of share option awards is equal to the quoted market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company granted share option awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share option award in fiscal 2022 , granted share option awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share option award in fiscal 2021 and granted share option awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share option awards in fiscal 2020. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at January 1, 2023 

Exercisable at January 1, 2023 

Vested and Expected to Vest at January 1, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding table represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based upon the Company s closing stock price of per share as of January 1, 2023, which would have been received by the share option award holders had all share option award holders exercised their share option awards as of that date. The total intrinsic value of share option awards exercised, the total cash received from employees as a result of employee share option award exercises and the actual tax benefit realized for the tax deduction from share option award exercises in fiscal 2022 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 

Expected term 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the option award; the expected term represents the weighted-average period of time that option awards granted are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules and historical participant exercise behavior; the expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of the Company s common stock; and the expected dividend yield is based upon the Company s dividend rate at the time fair value is measured and future expectations. As of January 1, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested share option awards granted. That expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Nonvested Share Awards and Nonvested Share Unit Awards Nonvested share awards granted by the Company vest for employees from the date of grant in four equal annual installments of per year. Nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards granted by the Company to non-employee directors for their service as directors, as defined by ASC 718, vest on the earlier of (a) the date of the Company s next annual stockholders meeting following the grant date, or (b) the first anniversary of the grant date. Nonvested share awards become outstanding when granted and are delivered to the recipient upon their vesting. Vested share unit awards, including any dividend reinvestments, are delivered to the recipient on the tenth business day of January following the year in which the recipient s service to the Company is terminated, at which time the units convert to shares and become outstanding. Outstanding nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards accrue dividends at the same rate as dividends paid to the Company s shareholders. Accrued dividends on nonvested share awards are paid upon vesting of the underlying shares and forfeited if a recipient s service to the Company is terminated prior to vesting. Accrued dividends on nonvested share unit awards are reinvested into additional nonvested share unit awards, vest on the same schedule as the underlying share unit awards, and are settled at the same time as the underlying share unit awards. The total fair value of nonvested share awards which vested during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. nonvested share unit awards vested during fiscal 2022. The total fair value of nonvested share unit awards which vested during fiscal 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. On January 14, 2022, the Company delivered shares on previously vested share unit awards, which included dividend reinvestments, to a Board member who retired in November 2021. The Company granted nonvested share awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share award in fiscal 2022 , granted nonvested share awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share award in fiscal 2021 and granted nonvested share awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share award in fiscal 2020. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at January 1, 2023 

To satisfy employee minimum statutory tax withholding requirements for nonvested share awards that vest, the Company withholds and retires a portion of the vesting common shares, unless an employee elects to pay cash. In fiscal 2022, the Company withheld common shares with a total value of million. This amount is presented as a cash outflow from financing activities in the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows. As of January 1, 2023 , dividends accrued but not paid related to nonvested share awards were million. The Company granted nonvested share unit awards in fiscal 2022 , granted nonvested share unit awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share unit award in fiscal 2021 and granted nonvested share unit awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share unit award in fiscal 2020. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of nonvested share awards and nonvested share unit awards is the quoted market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. As of January 1, 2023 , there were cumulative vested share unit awards remaining, of which of these awards represented cumulative dividend reinvestments. These cumulative vested share unit awards are deliverable to the holders on the tenth business day of January following the year in which the holder s service to the Company terminates, at which time the units convert to shares of the Company s common stock and become outstanding. As of January 1, 2023 , there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested share awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. There was remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested share unit awards. 

per share of outstanding common stock, which will be paid on to stockholders of record as of . 

 F- 28 

() 

Allowance for sales returns 

() 
 (1) 

Inventory reserves 

() 

January 2, 2022 

Allowance for doubtful receivables 

() 

Allowance for sales returns 

(1) 

Inventory reserves 

() 

January 3, 2021 

Allowance for doubtful receivables 

() 

Allowance for sales returns 

() 
 (1) 

Inventory reserves 

() 

(1) Represents an increase (decrease) in the required reserve based upon the Company s evaluation of anticipated merchandise returns. 

II 

<EX-23>
 2
 bgfv-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-149730, 333-179602, 333-215545 and 333-234317 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 1, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 bgfv-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Steven G. Miller, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ 
 Steven G. Miller 

Steven G. Miller 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 bgfv-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Barry D. Emerson, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ 
 Barry D. Emerson 

Barry D. Emerson 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 bgfv-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation (the Company for the period ending January 1, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven G. Miller, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ 
 Steven G. Miller 

Steven G. Miller 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 1, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and will be retained by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 bgfv-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation (the Company for the period ending January 1, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Barry D. Emerson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ 
 Barry D. Emerson 

Barry D. Emerson 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

March 1, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and will be retained by Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bgfv-20230101.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bgfv-20230101_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bgfv-20230101_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bgfv-20230101_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 bgfv-20230101_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

