<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1830188_0001104659-23-037682.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6502235</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>394435</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1075911</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1951307</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1292121</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1664441</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-037682.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328153040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-037682
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DiamondHead Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				853460766
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39936
		FILM NUMBER:		23769177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARK AVE. 7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10177
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-572-6260

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARK AVE. 7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10177

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-037682.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 dhhcu-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately . As of March 22, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. FORM 10-K INDEX 

Page PART I. 5 Item 1. Business 12 Item 1A. Risk Factors 36 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 36 Item 2. Properties 36 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 37 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 37 PART II. 37 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 37 Item 6. Reserved 37 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 43 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 43 Item 9B. Other Information 44 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 44 PART III. 45 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 45 Item 11 Executive Compensation 52 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 52 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 53 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 56 PART IV 56 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 56 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 56 Signatures 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; actual and potential conflicts of interest relating to our sponsor and our directors, officers and other affiliates; our ability to draw from the support and expertise of our sponsor, and our directors, officers and other affiliates; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses, including the location and industry of such target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; risks associated with acquiring an operating company; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Unless otherwise stated in this report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: anchor investors are to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors, including certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. and Millennium Management LLC, respectively; certificate of incorporation is to our certificate of incorporation, dated as of October 7, 2020, as amended by the first amendment to our certificate of incorporation, dated as of January 25, 2023; common stock is to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as described herein; GSH is to Great Southern Homes, Inc.; GSH Business Combination is to the proposed business combination with GSH pursuant to the GSH Business Combination Agreement; GSH Business Combination Agreement is the agreement, dated September 10, 2022, between DHHC, Hestia Merger Sub, Inc., a South Carolina corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of DHHC, and Great Southern Homes, Inc., a South Carolina corporation; GSH shares are to the shares of GSH Class A common stock together with the GSH Class B common stock; GSH options are to the options to purchase GSH shares; GSH Registration Statement is to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-267820) filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023; GSH warrants are to the warrants to purchase GSH shares; initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees), excluding the anchor investors which will receive certain founder shares from our sponsor upon consummation of our initial business combination; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor and the anchor investors in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in such offering or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination; sponsor is to DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Sponsor Support Agreement is to the Sponsor Support Agreement, dated September 10, 2022 between DHHC, the sponsor and GSH; UHG is to the combined company following the consummation of the GSH Business Combination; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and we, us, company, DHHC or our company are to DiamondHead Holdings Corp. 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are an early stage blank check company recently incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. Our sponsor, DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC, is an entity affiliated with David T. Hamamoto. Mr. Hamamoto currently serves as a director of Lordstown and previously served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DiamondPeak, which was a blank check company at the time of its 2019 initial public offering. On October 23, 2020, DiamondPeak completed its initial business combination with Lordstown Motors Corp. Lordstown ), a manufacturer of light duty electric trucks. As of March 28, 2022, other members of our sponsor include a fund managed by Antara Capital, which holds approximately 50 of the limited liability company interests of our sponsor and our other officers and directors. Antara Capital, founded by Himanshu Gulati in 2018, invests across a wide variety of financial instruments, including loans, bonds, convertible bonds, stressed/distressed credit and special situation equity investments. Our management team is led by David Hamamoto, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and Michael Bayles, our Co-Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hamamoto is the founder of Diamond Head Partners, LLC, which he established in 2017 and currently serves as a director of Lordstown. Mr. Hamamoto has significant experience across the private and public markets as the former head of the NorthStar companies, which he founded as a private company in 1997, took public in 2004 with an approximately 300 million equity market capitalization, and sold to Colony Capital in 2017 at a 6 billion equity market capitalization. Prior to NorthStar, Mr. Hamamoto spent 14 years at Goldman Sachs, where he founded the Real Estate Principal Investments Area, raised the first Whitehall real estate private equity fund, and raised four additional Whitehall funds and one emerging market fund. We believe Mr. Hamamoto s private real estate investing background and public market track record will benefit us in identifying and executing a business combination, such as the GSH Business Combination. Mr. Bayles, one of our directors and our Co-Chief Executive Officer, currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and a director of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. Mr. Bayles previously served as a director and chief restructuring officer from October 2020 to March 2021 and restructuring advisor from May 2020 to October 2020. Mr. Bayles served as a vice president of investments of Slam Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from March 2021 through September 2022. Mr. Bayles previously served as an analyst at Antara Capital LP from May 2018 until May 2020, and as a credit analyst at GLG Partners from May 2016 to December 2017. Prior to GLG Partners, Mr. Bayles was a vice president at Avenue Capital Group from September 2008 to April 2016. Mr. Bayles started his career as an investment banking analyst at J.P. Morgan and then a restructuring analyst at Lazard. Mr. Bayles has a bachelor s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Our board of directors also includes Jonathan A. Langer, who currently serves as Managing Member of Fireside Investments, LLC, a private investment firm that Mr. Langer founded in 2012, Judith A. Hannaway, a financial industry consultant and former Managing Director of Scudder Investments responsible for Special Product Development including closed-end funds, offshore funds and REIT funds, and Charles Schoenherr, who currently serves as Managing Director of Waypoint Residential, LLC, which invests in multifamily properties in the Sunbelt. Proposed GSH Business Combination On September 10, 2022, we entered into the GSH Business Combination Agreement with Hestia Merger Sub, Inc., a South Carolina corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary, and GSH, a South Carolina corporation. Pursuant to the terms of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, a business combination between the Company will be effected through the merger of Hestia Merger Sub, Inc. with and into GSH, with GSH surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of DHHC. Upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the GSH Business Combination Agreement, the Company expects to be renamed United Homes Group, Inc. Capitalized terms not defined but otherwise used in the following description have the meanings ascribed to them in the GSH Business Combination Agreement. Consideration Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the GSH Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time: i. Each GSH Class A share and each GSH Class B share issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the GSH Business Combination (excluding shares owned by GSH as treasury stock or dissenting shares) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the number of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the GSH Business Combination Agreement). ii. Each GSH option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled in exchange for an option to purchase a number of shares of our Class A common stock as set forth on the consideration schedule (as defined in the GSH Business Combination Agreement) at an exercise price as set forth on such consideration schedule. iii. Each GSH warrant outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the GSH Business Combination shall automatically be converted into a warrant to acquire a number of shares of our Class A common stock in an amount and at an exercise price and subject to such terms and conditions, in each case, as set forth on the consideration schedule. Subject to certain exceptions, such terms and conditions will be the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the GSH warrant immediately prior to the effective time of the GSH Business Combination. Pursuant to the terms of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, we are required to cause the Class A common stock to be issued in connection with the GSH Business Combination to be listed on Nasdaq prior to the closing of the GSH Business Combination. Earn Out Consideration The holders of GSH shares, GSH options and GSH warrants, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time of the GSH Business Combination, will also have the contingent right to receive up to an aggregate of 20,000,000 Earn Out Shares. Each such holder will be entitled to receive Earn Out Shares in accordance with their Earn Out Pro Rata Share in three tranches upon the occurrence of the following milestones during the period commencing on the 90th day following the closing date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date: (i) a one-time issuance of 7,500,000 Earn Out Shares on the first date on which the volume weighted average price of our common stock over any 20 trading days within the preceding 30 consecutive trading day period (as adjusted, the VWAP price is greater than or equal to 12.50; (ii) a one-time issuance of 7,500,000 Earn Out Shares on the first date on which the VWAP price is greater than or equal to 15.00; and (iii) a one-time issuance of 5,000,000 Earn Out Shares on the first date on which the VWAP price is greater than or equal to 17.50 (the Earn-Out Milestones ). Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer approximately 2.1 million Sponsor Earnout Shares until such shares are released by us upon the achievement of the Earn Out Milestones pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement. Our sponsor has also agreed that in the event that Closing DHHC Cash is less than 100,000,000, up to 1.0 million sponsor shares will be Sponsor Earnout Shares, subject to release upon the achievement of the Earn Out Milestones. See Sponsor Support Agreement below for more information regarding the Sponsor Earnout Shares and Earn Out Milestones. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Representations and Warranties The GSH Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (a) organization and qualification, (b) capital structure, (c) authorization to enter into the GSH Business Combination Agreement, (d) approvals and permits, (e) financial statements, (f) absence of certain changes, (g) absence of undisclosed liabilities, (h) material contracts, (i) litigation, (j) employee matters, (k) compliance with laws, (l) taxes, (m) real and personal property, (n) homeowners associations, (o) construction matters, (p) intellectual property, (q) environmental matters, (r) insurance matters, (s) transactions with affiliates, and (t) regulatory compliance. Covenants The GSH Business Combination Agreement includes customary covenants of the parties thereto with respect to the operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation of the GSH Business Combination and their respective efforts to consummate the GSH Business Combination. The GSH Business Combination Agreement also contains additional covenants of the parties thereto, including, among others, (a) covenants providing for DHHC, Hestia Merger Sub, Inc. and GSH to cooperate in the preparation of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement, which was filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 in connection with the GSH Business Combination Agreement, (b) covenants for DHHC to hold a special meeting of its stockholders to vote on, among other things, the approval of the GSH Business Combination Agreement and the GSH Business Combination, (c) covenants for GSH to obtain all required consents from third parties and lenders under its financing arrangements, including lender consents or obtaining alternative financing, (d) covenants for GSH to obtain and deliver the Company Stockholder Written Consent within one (1) business day following the date of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, (e) covenants for GSH to effect the Pre-Closing Recapitalization and (f) covenants for GSH to take all actions and execute documentation required to deconsolidate with certain affiliated entities. GSH Non-Solicitation and Company Exclusivity Restrictions During the period between the date of the GSH Business Combination Agreement and the earlier of (x) the Closing or (y) the termination of the GSH Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms, both the Company and GSH have agreed not to, among other things, (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage (including by means of furnishing or disclosing information), knowingly facilitate, discuss or negotiate, directly or indirectly, any inquiry, proposal or offer (written or oral) with respect to an Acquisition Proposal of either us or GSH, (ii) furnish or disclose any non-public information to any person in connection with, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal of us or GSH, (iii) enter into any contract or other arrangement or understanding regarding an Acquisition Proposal of us or GSH, (iv) other than as contemplated by the GSH Business Combination Agreement, prepare or take any steps in connection with a public offering of any equity securities of GSH or us or their respective subsidiaries or (v) otherwise cooperate in any way, or assist or participate in, or knowingly facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any person to do or seek to do any of the items set forth above. The GSH Business Combination Agreement required GSH to immediately cease any and all existing discussions or negotiations with any person conducted prior to the execution and delivery of the GSH Business Combination Agreement with respect to, or which is reasonably likely to give rise to or result in, an Acquisition Proposal of GSH. Conditions to Closing Conditions to Each Party s Obligations The obligations of DHHC, Hestia Merger Sub, Inc. and GSH to consummate the GSH Business Combination are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the absence of any governmental order or law restraining, prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the GSH Business Combination, (ii) the approval of our stockholders of the Transaction Proposals, (iii) the approval of GSH s stockholders of the GSH Business Combination Agreement and the GSH Business Combination, (iv) the effectiveness of the GSH Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and (v) DHHC having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets as of immediately after the Effective Time. Our obligation to consummate the GSH Business Combination is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of GSH being true and correct to the standards applicable to such representations and warranties, (ii) each of the covenants of GSH having been performed or complied with in all material respects, (iii) the Lender Consents or Alternative Financing being obtained, (iv) each of the written consents as required under certain scheduled contracts being obtained, (v) the Pennington De-Consolidation being completed in compliance with the terms of the GSH 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Business Combination Agreement, and certain agreements relating thereto being executed, (vi) the Pre-Closing Recapitalization being completed in compliance with the terms of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, (vii) the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect and (viii) the delivery of customary closing certificates and transaction documents. The obligation of GSH to consummate the GSH Business Combination is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of us and Hestia Merger Sub, Inc. being true and correct to the standards applicable to such representations and warranties, (ii) each of our covenants having been performed or complied with in all material respects, (iii) Closing DHHC Cash being equal to or exceeding 125,000,000 (the Minimum Cash Condition ), (iv) the approval by Nasdaq of the listing of our Class A common stock to be issued in connection with the GSH Business Combination, (v) the adoption of the DHHC A R Certificate of Incorporation and DHHC A R Bylaws, (vi) the Lender Consents or Alternative Financing being obtained, (vii) the DHHC Incentive Equity Plan being approved by the Company board and stockholders, (viii) the absence of a DHHC Material Adverse Effect, (ix) the composition of our board post-GSH Business Combination and (x) the delivery of customary closing certificates and transaction documents. If any of the conditions to a party s obligation to consummate the GSH Business Combination is not satisfied or waived in writing by such party, then such party will not be required to consummate the GSH Business Combination. There can be no assurance that the Minimum Cash Condition will be satisfied on the closing date. In the event that the public shareholders exercise their redemption rights with respect to a number of our common stock such that the Minimum Cash Condition would not be met based on cash held in the trust account, we would need to seek to arrange for additional third-party financing to be able to satisfy the Minimum Cash Condition. We plan to pursue third-party financing to satisfy the Minimum Cash Condition; however, there can be no assurance that any third-party financing will be entered into in connection with the GSH Business Combination and there can be no assurance that the Minimum Cash Condition will be satisfied. If the Minimum Cash Condition is not satisfied, amended or waived by GSH pursuant to the terms of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, then the GSH Business Combination would not be consummated. Waivers If permitted under applicable law, either DHHC or GSH may waive in writing any conditions for the benefit of itself contained in the GSH Business Combination Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the GSH Business Combination Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, we cannot consummate the proposed transaction if we have less than 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act )), remaining after the Closing or fail to meet any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement contained in the GSH Business Combination Agreement after the Closing. Termination The GSH Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the closing, including, but not limited to: i. by mutual written consent of us and GSH; ii. by us, if GSH breaches its representations, warranties and covenants in the GSH Business Combination Agreement such that the closing conditions would not be satisfied (subject to a cure period); iii. by GSH, if we breach our representations, warranties and covenants in the GSH Business Combination Agreement such that the closing conditions would not be satisfied (subject to a cure period); iv. subject to certain limited exceptions, by either us or GSH if the GSH Business Combination is not consummated by April 28, 2023; v. by either us or GSH, if the requisite approval by our stockholders of the Required Transaction Proposals is not obtained after the conclusion of a meeting of our stockholders held for the purpose of voting on such proposals, and at which such stockholders duly voted on such Required Transaction Proposals; vi. by either us or GSH, if a governmental order permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the GSH Business Combination is issued and becomes final and non-appealable; and 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 vii. by us, if GSH does not deliver the Company Stockholder Written Consent within 2 Business Days following the date of the GSH Business Combination Agreement. If the GSH Business Combination Agreement is validly terminated, none of the parties to the GSH Business Combination Agreement will have any liability or any further obligation under the GSH Business Combination Agreement other than customary confidentiality obligations, except in the case of Willful Breach or Fraud. Related Agreements Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, our sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement with us and GSH, pursuant to which our sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of our stockholders all of its Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Sponsor Shares and any securities acquired after the execution of the Sponsor Support Agreement, in favor of each GSH Business Combination proposal, (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the GSH Business Combination and (iii) be bound by certain transfer and redemption restrictions with respect to such Sponsor Shares, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement. The sponsor has also agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to transfer approximately 2.1 million Sponsor Earnout Shares (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement) until such shares are released under the Sponsor Support Agreement. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, 37.5 , 37.5 and 25 of such Sponsor Earnout Shares will be released by us, respectively, upon the achievement of the Earn-Out Milestones, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement. Any such Sponsor Earnout Shares not vested prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing will be deemed to be forfeited. The sponsor has also agreed that in the event that Closing DHHC Cash is less than 100,000,000, up to 1.0 million Sponsor Shares will convert to Sponsor Earnout Shares, subject to the same release conditions set forth in the preceding paragraph. In addition, members of the sponsor have made a commitment to purchase and not redeem an aggregate of 2.5 million public shares. The sponsor has also agreed, pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement, to forfeit approximately 1.8 million sponsor shares and approximately 50 of its warrants that were acquired in a privately placement consummated simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement The GSH Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, upon completion of the GSH Business Combination, the Company (which expects to be named United Homes Group, Inc. at that time), the sponsor, certain securityholders of the Company and certain former stockholders of GSH will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the A R Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the A R Registration Rights Agreement, among other things, UHG agrees to file a shelf registration statement with respect to the registrable securities under the A R Registration Rights Agreement within 45 days of the Closing. Up to two times in any 12-month period, certain legacy company securityholders and legacy GSH stockholders may request to sell all or any portion of their registrable securities in an underwritten offering that is registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement, so long as the total offering price is reasonably expected to exceed 10,000,000. The combined company will also provide customary demand and piggyback registration rights. The A R Registration Rights Agreement will provide that UHG will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the securityholders against certain liabilities. Further, each securityholder party to the A R Registration Rights Agreements agrees not to transfer any of their registerable securities subject to lock-up transfer restrictions (as described in the A R Registration Rights Agreement) until the end of the applicable Lock-Up Period subject to certain customary exceptions described therein. Financing Commitment Letter In connection with the execution of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, we entered into a Financing Commitment Letter with the sponsor, David T. Hamamoto, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and an affiliate of our sponsor, and Antara Capital, an affiliate of our Sponsor, pursuant to which David T. Hamamoto and Antara Capital (collectively, the Investors committed to, or to cause their respective affiliates to, purchase and not redeem at least in the aggregate 2.5 million shares of our Class A common stock. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Specifically, David T. Hamamoto and Antara Capital have agreed, among other things, severally, and not jointly, subject to certain terms and conditions, (i) to purchase (in open market transactions or otherwise), or to cause one or more of its controlled affiliates to purchase, and beneficially own no less than 1,250,000 shares of our Class A common stock, no later than the date that is 5 business days prior to the special meeting to vote on the GSH Business Combination Agreement and (ii) following such purchases, not to sell, contract to sell, redeem or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, the acquired shares or the economic ownership of the acquired shares at any time prior to the consummation of the GSH Business Combination. The Investors have purchased and have not redeemed the shares required under the financing commitment letter. The acquired shares will not be subject to any restrictions on transfer or disposition. Subscription Agreements On March 23, 2023, in connection with the Company s efforts to raise funds to meet the Minimum Cash Condition, the Company entered into certain private placement transactions (collectively, the Share Lock-Up Agreements with certain investors who purchased shares of the Company s Class A common stock on the open market prior to March 16, 2023 (each a Lock-Up Investor ), pursuant to which, and subject to and conditioned upon the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the Share Lock-Up Agreements, the Company agreed to issue to each Lock-Up Investor 0.25 UHG Class A Common Shares for a purchase price of 0.01, for each share of the Company s Class A common stock held by such Lock-Up Investor at the Closing. Also, on March 23, 2023, the Company and certain investors PIPE Investors entered into subscription agreements (collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements providing for the purchase by the PIPE Investors at the effective time of the GSH Business Combination of (i) an aggregate of 471,500 shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price per share of 10.00, and (ii) for each share of the Company s Class A common stock purchased by each PIPE Investor, the Company agreed to issue to the applicable PIPE Investor 0.25 UHG Class A Shares for a purchase price of 0.01 per share for gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 4.7 million. PIPE Financing As previously announced on March 22, 2023, the Company entered into a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement among itself, GSH and a certain group of investors party thereto (the PIPE Investors ). Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, the Investors have agreed to purchase 80,000,000 in original principal amount of convertible promissory notes (the Notes and 744,588 shares of Class A common stock in a private placement PIPE investment (the PIPE Investment in connection with the GSH Business Combination. The aggregate gross amount of the PIPE Investment is approximately 75,000,000. The proceeds of the PIPE Investment are expected to be used by the Company to offset redemptions of the Company s Class A common stock (see Extension and Redemptions below for details on redemptions of the Company s Class A common stock), and may be used by DHHC to satisfy the Minimum Cash Condition. The closing of the Note Purchase Agreement is contingent upon the substantially concurrent consummation of the GSH Business Combination and subject to other customary closing conditions and terms set forth therein. Extension and Redemptions On January 25, 2023, we convened a special meeting of stockholders, where the stockholders approved an amendment, which we refer to as the extension amendment, to our certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the company must consummate a business combination from January 28, 2023 to July 28, 2023. In connection with the vote to approve the extension amendment, the holders of 30,058,968 public shares (after giving effect to withdrawals of redemptions) exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 304 million (approximately 10.12 per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such redeeming holders and following such redemptions, approximately 45 million remained in the Company s trust account. Approval of Initial Business Combination with GSH On February 14, 2023, the GSH Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. We established a record date of January 26, 2023 for the special meeting of stockholders to consider and approve, among other things, the GSH Business Combination. On March 23, 2023, we convened a special meeting of stockholders, where the stockholders approved the GSH Business Combination. In connection with the approval of the GSH Business Combination, stockholders holding 109,426 shares of Class A common stock (after giving effect to withdrawals of redemptions) exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Company s trust account. As a result, approximately 1.1 million (approximately 10.13 per share) will be removed from the trust account to pay such redeeming holders and approximately 43.9 million will remain in the Company s trust account. Status as a Public Company We are an emerging growth company , as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 28, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we have focused our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we have closely scrutinized the management of GSH, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. At the consummation of the GSH Business Combination, David Hamamoto and Michael Bayles, two of our current directors, will serve on the board of directors of UHG, and Keith Feldman, one of our current directors, will serve as Chief Financial Officer of UHG. Following a business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. There is no assurance that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, such as GSH, we have encountered, and may continue to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Human Capital Management We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this annual report contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, including the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. Summary of Risk Factors We are a recently formed early stage company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. These risks are discussed more fully following this summary. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: The consummation of the GSH Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions and if those conditions are not satisfied or waived, the GSH Business Combination Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the GSH Business Combination may not be completed. If we are not able to raise funds to meet the Minimum Cash Condition in the GSH Business Combination Agreement, we may not be able to consummate the GSH Business Combination. We have not obtained a third-party valuation or fairness opinion in connection with the GSH Business Combination, and consequently, there is no assurance from an independent source that the merger consideration to be paid to GSH equityholders is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Termination of the GSH Business Combination Agreement could negatively impact us and GSH. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 You do not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. We are a recently formed early stage company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak. Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. The other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. 
 For the complete list of risks relating to GSH and the GSH Business Combination, please see the section titled Risk Factors contained in the GSH Registration Statement. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks The consummation of the GSH Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions and if those conditions are not satisfied or waived, the GSH Business Combination Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the GSH Business Combination may not be completed. The consummation of the GSH Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, including, among other customary conditions (each as defined in the GSH Business Combination Agreement, as applicable): (i) the approval by GSH s stockholders of the GSH Business Combination Agreement and the GSH Business Combination; (ii) the absence of governmental order or law prohibiting the consummation of the GSH Business Combination; (iii) the effectiveness of the GSH Registration Statement; (iv) approval of our stockholders of the GSH Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Approval Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the Nasdaq Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal; (v) the receipt by GSH of Lender Consents or Alternative Financing; (vi) the completion of the Pre-Closing Recapitalization; (vii) the completion of the Pennington De-Consolidation; (viii) the absence of 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 a GSH Material Adverse Effect; (ix) the satisfaction of the Minimum Cash Condition; and (x) the approval for listing on Nasdaq of the UHG Class A Common Shares to be issued pursuant to the GSH Business Combination. The consummation of the GSH Business Combination is not assured and is subject to risks, including the risk that conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination are not satisfied or waived. The conditions to our obligation to consummate the GSH Business Combination may be waived by us and the conditions to GSH s obligation to consummate the GSH Business Combination may be waived by GSH; however, neither us nor GSH is required to waive any Closing conditions. If we do not consummate the Business Combination, it could be subject to several risks, including: we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by July 28, 2023 and we may be forced to liquidate; the parties may be liable for damages to one another under the terms and conditions of the GSH Business Combination Agreement; negative reactions from the financial markets, including declines in the price of our securities due to the fact that current prices may reflect a market assumption that the GSH Business Combination will be completed; and the attention of our management will have been diverted to the GSH Business Combination rather than the pursuit of other opportunities in respect of an initial business combination. 
 For more information about the conditions to the consummation of the GSH Business Combination, see Proposed GSH Business Combination Conditions to Closing. If we are not able to raise funds to meet the Minimum Cash Condition in the Business Combination Agreement, we may not be able to consummate the Business Combination. The GSH Business Combination Agreement provides that the obligation of GSH to consummate the GSH Business Combination is conditioned on, among other things, us having Closing DHHC Cash of no less than 125 million. DHHC has undertaken a PIPE offering process to provide funding to meet the Minimum Cash Condition, which it expects to finalize, if successful, in March 2023, prior to the Closing of the GSH Business Combination. While we expect to fulfill the Minimum Cash Condition at the Closing by a combination of financing options, there can be no assurance that any or all of the financing options will be effectuated. If the Minimum Cash Condition is not met, and such condition is not waived by GSH under the terms of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, the proposed GSH Business Combination will not be consummated. In the event that the GSH Business Combination will not be consummated, all public shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we may instead search for an alternate business combination or liquidate the Company. DHHC has not obtained a third-party valuation or fairness opinion in connection with the Business Combination, and consequently, there is no assurance from an independent source that the merger consideration to be paid to GSH equityholders is fair to DHHC s stockholders from a financial point of view. We are not required to, and have not, obtained a third-party valuation or fairness opinion in connection with the GSH Business Combination that the merger consideration to be paid to GSH equityholders is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Our officers and directors have substantial experience in evaluating the operating and financial merits of companies from a wide range of industries, including the real estate industry, and concluded that their experience and background, together with the experience and sector expertise of our advisors, enabled them to make the necessary analyses and determinations regarding the GSH Business Combination. In addition, our officers and directors and our advisors have substantial experience with mergers and acquisitions. Although our board of directors did not seek, or receive a third-party valuation or fairness opinion in connection with the GSH Business Combination, before reaching its decision to approve the GSH Business Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the GSH Business Combination, our board of directors reviewed the material aspects of our management s due diligence, including, among other things: (i) research on the residential homebuilding industry, as well as industry trends, historical and projected growth trends, competitive landscape and other industry factors, (ii) information relating to GSH s operations, growth potential, competitive positioning, and financial prospects, (iii) evaluation of potential value-creation opportunities, including organic revenue growth, market expansion and potential acquisition opportunities, (iv) other due diligence activities relating to quality of earnings, accounting, legal, tax, operations and other matters and (v) financial and valuation analyses, review and analysis of GSH s financial projections our board of directors concluded that the merger consideration to be paid to GSH equityholders is fair and reasonable, given GSH s growth prospects and the growth outlook for the housing market, the internal valuation of GSH by our management based on an 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 analysis of comparable companies and other factors. Our b oard of directors also determined that GSH s fair market value was at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of the GSH Business Combination Agreement. Our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors with respect to such matters. Termination of the Business Combination Agreement could negatively impact us and GSH. If the GSH Business Combination is not completed for any reason, including as a result of our stockholders declining to approve any of the Proposals that are conditions to the consummation of the GSH Business Combination, the ongoing businesses of GSH and the Company may be adversely impacted and, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the GSH Business Combination, GSH and the Company would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by July 28, 2023 and we may be forced to liquidate; we or GSH may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on ours stock price (including to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the GSH Business Combination will be completed); GSH may experience negative reactions from its customers, vendors and employees; we and GSH will have incurred substantial expenses and will be required to pay certain costs relating to the GSH Business Combination, whether or not the GSH Business Combination is completed; and since the GSH Business Combination Agreement restricts the conduct of our and GSH s businesses prior to completion of the GSH Business Combination, we both may not have been able to take certain actions during the pendency of the GSH Business Combination that would have benefitted our respective businesses as an independent company, and the opportunity to take such actions may no longer be available 
 If the Business Combination Agreement is terminated and our board of directors seeks another merger or business combination, our stockholders cannot be certain that we will be able to find another acquisition target that meets our criteria for an initial business combination or that such other merger or business combination will be completed. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Following the Extension Amendment, our certificate of incorporation now provides that we must complete our initial business combination within by July 28, 2023. If we are unable to consummate the GSH Business Combination, we may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by such date. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination by such date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. If permitted withdrawals and other sources of working capital are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is under any obligation or other duty to loan funds to us in such circumstances. Any such loans would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share . You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this annual report, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023 and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 28, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 28, 2023 for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond July 28, 2023 before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share . If the funds available to us outside of the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until July 28, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until July 28, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management plans to address this need for capital from potential loans from certain of our affiliates and other unaffiliated parties. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share . Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. The market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. Any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per- share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims (i) by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account or (ii) under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain, and have not obtained, an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying in the GSH Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who determined fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used have been disclosed in the GSH Registration Statement. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP in connection with our current report on Form 8-K announcing the closing our initial business combination within four business days following such closing. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. We may complete our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (and not previously released to us to pay our taxes) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share . 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to our Securities Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are currently listed on Nasdaq. However, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities . Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are not currently subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023; or (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share . We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued in our initial public offering are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. If holders exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon such cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares of 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Notwithstanding the above, if our 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and anchor investors may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Our initial stockholders, anchor investors and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, the anchor investors, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 265,500,000 and 1,375,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. There are currently no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our certificate of incorporation will provide that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity). We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants as described in our final prospectus of our initial public offering or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation. However, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in some similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than some similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our initial stockholders may purchase public warrants with the 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 intention of reducing the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to warrantholders for approval, including amending the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. While our initial stockholders have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for such transactions, there is no limit on the number of our public warrants that our initial stockholders may purchase and it is not currently known how many public warrants, if any, our initial stockholders may hold at the time of our initial business combination or at any other time during which the terms of the public warrants may be proposed to be amended. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money , in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of shares received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 8,625,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,933,333 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Our initial stockholders currently own 8,625,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor, the anchor investors or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us (except for a number of shares of Class A common stock in certain circumstances), (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor or the anchor investors until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Because each unit contains one-fourth of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-fourth of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target. The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes Oxley Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight maybe required. As a result, management s attention maybe diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. A market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. Involvement of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated, including Lordstown Motors, have been or may in the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Members of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. For example, at the consummation of the GSH Business Combination, David Hamamoto and Michael Bayles, two of our current directors, will serve on the board of directors of UHG, and Keith Feldman, one of our current directors, will serve as Chief Financial Officer of UHG. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Our officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other responsibilities. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In addition, certain of our officers and directors may invest in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will limit their ability to work at other businesses. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact (subject to certain approvals and consents) we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of our sponsor. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor, our directors and our officers have invested, and may in the future invest, in a broad array of sectors, including those in which our company may invest. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity affiliated with our sponsor. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such parties. Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. In October 2020, our sponsor acquired 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and anchor investors purchased an aggregate of 5,933,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price of approximately 8,900,000, or 1.50 per whole warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders own 66 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial stockholders, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. In the event we consummate an initial business combination the nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may further dilute the implied value of your public shares, and our sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to materially decline. Our sponsor paid only a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.003 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be further and significantly diluted in the event we consummate an initial business combination. For example, the following table shows the public shareholders and the sponsor s investment per share compared to the implied value of one of our shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination if at that time we were valued at 349,152,086, which represents the amount we had in the trust account as of December 31, 2022. At that valuation, each of our ordinary shares would have an implied value of 8.10 per share, which is a 20.0 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.00. 

Public shares 34,500,000 Founder shares 8,625,000 Total shares 43,125,000 Total funds in trust available for initial business combination (1) 349,152,086 Implied value per share 8.10 Public shareholders investment per share (2) 10.00 Sponsor s investment per share (3) 0.003 

 (1) Funds held in trust account as of December 31, 2022. Does not take into account other potential impacts on our valuation at the time of the business combination, such as the value of our public and private warrants, the trading price of our public shares, the business combination transaction costs, any equity issued or cash paid to the business target s sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects. (2) While the public shareholders investment is in both the public shares and the public warrants, for purposes of this table no value is ascribed to the public warrants. (3) Represents the per share price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares. The sponsor s total investment in us is equal to approximately 7,501,000, which includes the payment of 25,000 for the founder shares and the payment by our sponsor of approximately 7,476,000 for the private placement warrants. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 While the implied value of our public shares may be diluted, the implied value of 8.00 per share would represent a significant implied profit for our sponsor relative to the initial purchase price of the founder shares. Our sponsor has invested an aggregate of approximately 7,501,000 in us in connection with our Initial Public Offering, which includes the payment of 25,000 for the founder shares and the payment by our sponsor of approximately 7,476,000 for the private placement warrants. At 8.00 per share, the 8,625,000 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 69,000,000. As a result, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares significantly declines, our sponsor will stand to make significant profit on its investment in us. In addition, our sponsor could potentially recoup its entire investment in us even if the trading price of our ordinary shares is less than 2.00 per share and even if the private placement warrants are worthless. As a result, our sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us even if we select and consummate an initial business combination that causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline, while our public shareholders could lose significant value in their public shares. Our sponsor may therefore be economically incentivized to consummate an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or less-established target business than would be the case if our sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as our public shareholders paid for their public shares. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. It is possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. General Risk Factors We are a recently formed early stage company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently formed early stage company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance . As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, our management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex features of the Class A common stock and warrants issued by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s balance sheet as of January 28, 2021, and its interim financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021. As a result of this material weakness, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to take steps to remediate the material weakness. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our securities may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become more scarce and there may be increased competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination; it could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. As mentioned throughout this section, attractive deals could also become more scarce for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. Together, this could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following July 28, 2023 in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections provided by such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination (unless required by Nasdaq) and thus may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of new variants or other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the economies and financial markets worldwide, potentially including the business of any potential target business with which we intend to consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination at all if concerns relating to COVID-19, new variants or other infectious diseases restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or make it impossible or impractical to negotiate and consummate a transaction with the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers in a timely manner, if at all. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. The disruptions posed by COVID-19, new variants or other public health emergencies, diseases or matters of global concern could materially adversely affect our 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with our management team and its affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in some similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than some similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty, actions asserting claims arising under the DGCL, or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws and other similar actions may be brought only in a state court located in the State of Delaware and actions arising under the Securities Act may only be brought in the federal district court for the District of Delaware, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders and lawsuits for causes of action arising under the Securities Act. Our certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the sole and exclusive forum for any internal or intra-corporate claims or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine as defined by the laws of the State of Delaware, including, but not limited to, (1) derivative actions brought in our name, (2) actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and (3) actions asserting a claim arising under the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or bylaws as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and other similar actions shall be a state court located in the State of Delaware. Our certificate of incorporation will also require that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive form for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or any rule or regulation thereunder shall be the federal district court for the District of Delaware. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 250 Park Ave. 7 th Floor, New York, New York 10177 and our telephone number is (212) 572-6260. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month aggregate fee our sponsor charges us for general and administrative services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DHHCU, DHHC and DHHCW, respectively . Our units commenced public trading on February 26, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced separate public trading on March 18, 2021. Holders On March 22, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock and six holders of record of our warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering None. For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. Reserved Not applicable. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, DHHC, our, us or we refer to DiamondHead Holdings Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on October 7, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Initial Business Combination ). Our sponsor is DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 25, 2021. On January 28, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 34,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 345.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 19.6 million, of which approximately 12.1 million was included in deferred underwriting commissions. On August 10, 2022, the underwriter from the Initial Public Offering resigned from their role in any Business Combination and waived its entitlement to the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of 12.1 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 5,933,333 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor and to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors, including certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. and Millennium Management LLC (each an Anchor Investor ), generating proceeds of 8.9 million. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 345.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay its tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. Trust Account Redemptions and Extension of Combination Period On January 25, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders at which such stockholders voted to extend the time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from January 28, 2023 to July 28, 2023. In connection with such vote, the holders of an aggregate of 30,058,968 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of approximately 304 million in cash held in the Trust Account. Proposed Business Combination On September 10, 2022, the Company entered into the Business Combination Agreement with Merger Sub and GSH, pursuant to which the Company expects to effect a business combination with GSH through the merger of Merger Sub with and into GSH (the Merger ), with GSH surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon the consummation of the Transactions, the Company expects to be renamed United Homes Group, Inc. The obligations of the Company, Merger Sub and GSH to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, which are further described in the Business Combination Agreement. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Business Combination will be successful. Further, we may need to pursue third-party financing, among other things, to satisfy the closing condition that at Closing, the amount of Closing DHHC Cash be equal to or exceed 125,000,000 (the Minimum Cash Condition ). However, there can be no assurance that any third-party financing will be entered into in connection with the Merger, and there can be no assurance that the Minimum Cash Condition will be satisfied. If the Minimum Cash Condition is not satisfied, amended or waived by GSH pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, then the Merger would not be consummated. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 37,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of approximately 3.9 million (not taking into account tax obligations of approximately 746,000 that may be paid using investment income earned in Trust Account). Our liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a payment of 25,000 from our Sponsor to pay for certain offering costs in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares, the loan under the Promissory Note of 130,000, and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. We fully repaid the Promissory Note on February 1, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, our officers, directors and initial stockholders may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. In October 2022, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to two affiliates of the Sponsor for an aggregate principal amount of up to 400,000. As of December 31, 2022, there was an outstanding balance of 204,110 under these promissory notes including 4,110 of accrued but unpaid interest through December 31, 2022. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements-Going Concern, we have determined that the existing liquidity condition, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate on or after July 28, 2023. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Our entire activity from inception through December 31, 2022, was in preparation for an Initial Public Offering, and since our Initial Public Offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of investment income from our investments held in the Trust Account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 6.9 million, which consisted of approximately 5.0 million in interest income from investments held in the Trust Account, non-operating income of approximately 7.3 million resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 272,000 gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions, partially offset by approximately 4.3 million in general and administrative expenses, approximately 200,000 of franchise tax expense, approximately 4,000 interest expenses and income tax expense of approximately 1.2 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 2.7 million, which consisted of 4.4 million for change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 21,000 of income from investments held in Trust Account, offset by approximately 449,000 of financing costs, approximately 1.0 million of general and administrative expenses and 200,000 of franchise tax expense. Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the effective date of Initial Public Offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement The Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, upon completion of the Merger, the Company (which expects to be named United Homes Group, Inc. at that time), the Sponsor, certain securityholders of the Company and certain former stockholders of GSH will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the A R Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the A R Registration Rights Agreement, among other things, UHG agrees to file a shelf registration statement with respect to the registrable securities under the A R Registration Rights Agreement within 45 days of the Closing. Up to two times in any 12-month period, certain legacy DHHC securityholders and legacy GSH stockholders may request to sell all or any portion of their registrable securities in an underwritten offering that is registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement, so long as the total offering price is reasonably expected to exceed 10,000,000. The combined company will also provide customary demand and piggyback registration rights. The A R Registration Rights Agreement will provide that UHG will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the securityholders against certain liabilities. Further, each securityholder party to the A R Registration Rights Agreements agrees not to transfer any of their registerable securities subject to lock-up transfer restrictions (as described in the A R Registration Rights Agreement) until the end of the applicable Lock-Up Period (as defined in the A R Registration Rights Agreement) subject to certain customary exceptions described therein. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On January 28, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option. The underwriter was entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 6.9 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter was entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or approximately 12.1 million in the aggregate. Effective as of August 10, 2022, the underwriter from the Initial Public Offering resigned and withdrew from its role in any Business Combination and waived its entitlement to the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of approximately 12.1 million. We recognized approximately 11.8 million of the commissions waiver as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statements of changes in stockholders deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022, as this portion represents an extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions on public shares which was originally recognized in accumulated deficit. The remaining balance of approximately 272,000 is recognized as a gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions on public warrants in the consolidated statements of operations, which represents the original amount expensed in our initial public offering. Critical Accounting Policies This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and related revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Derivative Warrant Liabilities We do not use derivative instruments to hedge our exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. Management evaluates all of the Company s consolidated financial instruments, including issued warrants to purchase its Class A common stock, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised. Their re-measurement to fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering have been measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model, and the Private Placement Warrants have been measured at fair value using a modified Black-Scholes model. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the value of the Public Warrants was measured based on the listed market price of such warrants since being separately listed and traded. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock are classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 34,500,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred, presented as non-operating expenses in the statements of operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A common stock were charged against the carrying value of the Class A common stock upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. We classify deferred underwriting commissions as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Net Income Per Share of Common Stock We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per common share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective period. The calculation of diluted net income per common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 14,558,333 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Pronouncements We do not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on our financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-16 comprising a portion of this Report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex features of the Class A common stock and warrants issued by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s balance sheet as of January 28, 2021, and its interim financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except for the below: Our management has concluded that our internal control resulted in the misclassification of Class A common stock as permanent equity instead of temporary equity and changes to the Company s net income (loss) per share calculations that have been restated within our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021 filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex features of the Class A common stock and warrants. The Company s management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Officers, Directors and Director Nominees Our officers, directors and director nominees are as follows: 

Name Age Position David T. Hamamoto 62 Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Michael Bayles 39 Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer Keith Feldman 46 Chief Financial Officer Judith A. Hannaway 70 Director Jonathan A. Langer 52 Director Charles W. Schoenherr 62 Director David T. Hamamoto our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since inception, is the Founder of Diamond Head Partners, LLC which he established in 2017. He is also a director and chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee of Lordstown and previously served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DiamondPeak. Previously, he served as Executive Vice Chairman of Colony NorthStar (now Colony Capital (NYSE: CLNY)), a real estate and investment management firm, from January 2017 through January 2018. The NorthStar companies, which he founded, were sold to Colony Capital in January 2017. Prior to the sale, Mr. Hamamoto was Executive Chairman of NorthStar Asset Management Group NSAM since 2015, having previously served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2014 until 2015. Mr. Hamamoto was the Chairman of the board of directors of NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. (NYSE: NRF) NRF ), a real estate investment trust, from 2007 to January 2017 and served as one of its directors from 2003 to January 2017. Mr. Hamamoto previously served as NRF s Chief Executive Officer from 2004 until 2015 and President from 2004 until 2011. Mr. Hamamoto was Chairman of the board of directors of NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. from 2015 to January 2017. In 1997, Mr. Hamamoto co-founded NorthStar Capital Investment Corp., the predecessor to NorthStar Realty Finance, for which he served as Co-Chief Executive Officer until 2004. Prior to NorthStar, Mr. Hamamoto was a partner and co-head of the Real Estate Principal Investment Area at Goldman, Sachs Co. During Mr. Hamamoto s tenure at Goldman, Sachs Co., he initiated the firm s effort to build a real estate principal investment business under the auspices of the Whitehall Funds. Between April and July 2018, several class actions (and two derivative lawsuits) were filed in connection with the Colony-NorthStar merger and the merged company s performance thereafter; three in federal court in California, three in state court in California, and two in state court in Maryland. Mr. Hamamoto is named as an individual defendant in each of these lawsuits. The lawsuits generally share a factual nexus, and allege securities law violations and other claims against all defendants, including Mr. Hamamoto. Presently, only one federal and one (consolidated) state case are pending. Mr. Hamamoto disputes all such allegations and is defending vigorously against the lawsuits. In 2021, several class actions and derivative lawsuits were filed in connection with the DiamondPeak-Lordstown Motors merger and claims relating to Lordstown vehicle pre-orders and production timeline; seven in federal court in Ohio, four in federal court in Delaware and four in chancery court in Delaware. Mr. Hamamoto is named as an individual defendant in certain of these lawsuits. The lawsuits generally share a factual nexus, and allege securities law violations and other claims against all defendants, including Mr. Hamamoto. Mr. Hamamoto disputes all such allegations and is defending vigorously against the lawsuits. Mr. Hamamoto received a B.S. from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. He is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive real estate, investment and operational experience. Michael Bayles . Mr. Bayles, one of our directors and Co-Chief Executive Officer, currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and a director of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. Mr. Bayles previously served as a director and chief restructuring officer from October 2020 to March 2021 and restructuring advisor from May 2020 to October 2020. Mr. Bayles served as a vice president of investments of Slam Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from March 2021 through September 2022. Mr. Bayles previously served as an analyst at Antara Capital LP from May 2018 until May 2020, and as a credit analyst at GLG Partners from May 2016 to December 2017. Prior to GLG Partners, Mr. Bayles was a vice president at Avenue Capital Group from September 2008 to April 2016. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Bayles started his career as an investment banking analyst at J.P. Morgan and then a restructuring analyst at Lazard. Mr. Bayles has a bachelor s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Keith Feldman . Mr. Feldman, one of our directors and Chief Financial Officer since inception, currently serves as a director and the chairman of the audit committee of Lordstown and previously served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. (NYSE: NRE), a NYSE listed REIT focused on European commercial real estate properties from May 2017, through the acquisition by AXA Investment Managers-Real Assets, in September 2019. Mr. Feldman served as a managing director of Colony Capital, Inc., from January 2017 to October 2019 and served as a managing director of NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc., a predecessor company of Colony Capital, Inc. from July 2014 to January 2017, as a managing director of NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. from January 2014 to July 2014 and as a director of NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. from January 2012 to December 2013. In each of these roles, Mr. Feldman s responsibilities included capital markets, corporate finance, and investor relations. Earlier in his career, Mr. Feldman held various financial positions at NorthStar Realty Finance Corp., Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan Chase and KPMG LLP. Mr. Feldman received a Bachelor of Science in accounting from Binghamton University. In 2021, several class actions and derivative lawsuits were filed in connection with the DiamondPeak-Lordstown Motors merger and claims relating to Lordstown vehicle pre-orders and production timeline; seven in federal court in Ohio, four in federal court in Delaware and two in chancery court in Delaware. Mr. Feldman is named as an individual defendant in each of these lawsuits. The lawsuits generally share a factual nexus, and allege securities law violations and other claims against all defendants, including Mr. Feldman. Mr. Feldman disputes all such allegations and is defending vigorously against the lawsuits. Mr. Feldman is a CFA charterholder and a CPA. He is well qualified to serve as a director due to his experience with the operations and management, financial reporting and auditing of public companies in addition to operational expertise. Judith A. Hannaway. Ms. Hannaway is one of our directors and currently acts as a consultant to various financial institutions. Ms. Hannaway previously served as a director of DiamondPeak. Prior to this, until 2004, Ms. Hannaway was employed by Scudder Investments, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank Asset Management, as a Managing Director. Ms. Hannaway joined Scudder Investments in 1994 and was responsible for Special Product Development including closed-end funds, offshore funds and REIT funds. Prior to joining Scudder Investments, Ms. Hannaway was employed by Kidder Peabody as a Senior Vice President in Alternative Investment Product Development. She joined Kidder Peabody in 1980 as a Real-Estate Product Manager. Ms. Hannaway has served as an independent director of Fortress Transportation Infrastructure LLC since 2018, and previously served as the lead independent director of NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. (NYSE: NRE) from 2015 to 2019, NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. (NYSE: NRF) from 2004 to 2017 and NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc. (NYSE: NSAM) from 2014 to 2017. Additionally Ms. Hannaway served as chairperson of the independent committee of NRE, negotiating and overseeing its sale and assimilation into AXA in 2019. Ms. Hannaway holds a Bachelor of Arts from Newton College of the Sacred Heart and a Master of Business Administration from Simmons College Graduate Program in Management. She is well qualified to serve as a director due to her extensive investment, financial and public company experience. Jonathan A. Langer. Jonathan A. Langer is one of our directors and currently serves as a Managing Member of Fireside Investments, LLC, a private investment firm that Mr. Langer founded in 2012. Mr. Langer is a member of the Board of Directors of KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. (NYSE: KREF), which he joined in May 2017. Mr. Langer is also currently a member of the Board of Directors of International Market Centers, Inc., which he joined in September of 2017. Mr. Langer previously served as Chief Executive Officer and President of NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. (NYSE: NRF) from August 2015 to March 2017, when NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. merged with Colony Capital, Inc. and NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc. He also previously served as Executive Vice President of NorthStar Asset Management Group from August 2015 to March 2017, a position he maintained as a co-employee with NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. Mr. Langer was an Operating Partner and Consultant at Bain Capital from March 2010 to March 2012, where he worked in its private equity area. From 1994 to 2010, Mr. Langer was employed at Goldman, Sachs Co., where he worked as a Partner in its Real Estate Principal Investment Area (REPIA). His responsibilities included overseeing REPIA s North American real estate and global lodging investment efforts. Mr. Langer previously served on the boards of Icon Parking, Westin Hotels and Resorts, Kerzner International Resorts, Inc., Hilton Hotels Resorts, Strategic Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Morgans Hotel Group. Mr. Langer received a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Langer is qualified to serve as a director due to his expertise in and knowledge of real estate investment and finance industries and his extensive experience in management and director roles in public and private companies. Charles W. Schoenherr. Mr. Schoenherr is one of our directors and currently serves as Managing Director of Waypoint Residential, LLC, which invests in multifamily properties in the Sunbelt. He has served in this capacity since January 2011 and is responsible for sourcing acquisition opportunities and raising capital. Mr. Schoenherr previously served on the Board of Directors of Colony Capital from January 2017 through June 2020. Prior to serving on Colony Capital s board, Mr. Schoenherr served on the Board 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 of Directors of NorthStar Realty Finance Corp., NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. and NorthStar Real Estate Income II, Inc., positions he had held from June 2014, October 2015 and December 2012, respectively. Mr. Schoenherr also previously served on the Board of Directors of NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. from January 2010 to October 2015. From June 2009 until January 2011, Mr. Schoenherr served as President of Scout Real Estate Capital, LLC, a full service real estate firm that focuses on acquiring, developing and operating hospitality assets, where he was responsible for managing the company s properties and originating new acquisition and asset management opportunities. Between September 1997 and October 2008, Mr. Schoenherr served as Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Lehman Brothers Global Real Estate Group, where he was responsible for originating debt, mezzanine and equity transactions on all major property types throughout the United States. During his career he has also held senior management positions with GE Capital Corporation, GE Investments, Inc. and KPMG LLP, where he also practiced as a certified public accountant. Mr. Schoenherr currently serves on the Board of Trustees of Iona College and is on its Real Estate and Investment Committees. Mr. Schoenherr holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Iona College and a Master of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Connecticut. Mr. Schoenherr s expertise in and knowledge of real estate investment and finance industries, including extensive experience originating debt, mezzanine and equity transactions, qualify him to serve as a director. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We currently have five directors. Our board of directors has been divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ms. Hannaway and Mr. Langer, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Schoenherr, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Hamamoto and Mr. Bayles, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year-end following our listing on Nasdaq. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chairmen of the Board, one or more Chief Executive Officers, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering and that our initial business combination be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Although there is an exception for controlled companies such as us, we do not intend to rely on such exemption. A majority of our board of directors are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee will be entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Schoenherr, Ms. Hannaway and Mr. Langer serve as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Mr. Schoenherr, Ms. Hannaway and Mr. Langer meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Schoenherr qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Mr. Langer and Mr. Schoenherr serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, each of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Mr. Langer and Mr. Schoenherr meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, until July 28, 2023, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year have not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of Interest We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with any such entity. Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our officers and directors have agreed not to become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by July 28, 2023. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable by our sponsor or our anchor investors until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants, the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, are not transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor, the anchor investors or their permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 
 o the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; o the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and o it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Availability of Documents We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, our audit committee charter, our nominating committee charter and compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. You may to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on January 25, 2021, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, has been or will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. Following a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The table below (i) sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock, which is comprised of a total of 13,066,032 shares, consisting of (a) 4,441,032 shares of our Class A common stock and (b) 8,625,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 22, 2023, and (ii) is based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 13,066,032 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 4,441,032 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 8,625,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 22, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Number of Shares Number of Shares Beneficially Beneficially Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) Owned (2) of Class Owned of Class DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC (2)(3) 8,625,000 100 David T. Hamamoto (2)(3) 1,250,000 28.1 8,625,000 100 Michael Bayles Keith Feldman Jonathan A. Langer Judith A. Hannaway Charles Schoenherr All executive officers and directors as a group (six individuals) (3) 1,250,000 28.1 8,625,000 100 Alan Levine (4) 1,000,000 22.5 Antara Capital (5) 1,250,000 28.1 

 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o DiamondHead Holdings Corp., 250 Park Ave., 7 th Floor, New York, New York 10177.
 (2) Our sponsor is the record holder of the shares reported herein and is an affiliate of David T. Hamamoto, our Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer. David T. Hamamoto has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held by our sponsor and may thus be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. A fund managed by Antara Capital and certain of our officers and director nominees are members of our sponsor. Accordingly, each of the foregoing entities and individuals may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by the sponsor. Other than David T. Hamamoto, each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly.
 (3) Includes up to 1,250,625 founder shares held by our sponsor that it has agreed to transfer to the anchor investors upon consummation of our initial business combination. As of the date of this annual report, each of the anchor investors have sold or redeemed all of their public shares; as a result, and in accordance with the terms of the subscription agreements each anchor investor entered into with us, the anchor investors will be allocated from the sponsor up to approximately 161,000 founder shares. See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions for additional information.
 (4) The business address of Alan Levine is 90 N Royal Tower Drive, Irmo, South Carolina 29063. 
 (5) Represents 1,250,000 shares of Class A common stock purchased by Antara Capital pursuant to the financing commitment letter. The business address of Antara Capital is 55 Hudson Yards, 47th Floor, Suite C, New York, NY 10001. See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions for additional information.
 
 Changes in Control. Not applicable. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence In October 2020, our sponsor acquired 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Additionally, upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor agreed to transfer up to an aggregate of 1,250,625 founder shares to the anchor investors for the same price originally paid for such shares. As of the date of this annual report, each of the anchor investors have sold or redeemed all of their public shares; as a result, and in accordance with the terms of the subscription agreements each anchor investor entered into with us, the anchor investors will be allocated from the sponsor up to approximately 161,000 founder shares for a 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 purchase price of 0.003 per share and at an aggregate approximate purchase price of 483 upon the Closing. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor and our anchor investors have purchased an aggregate of 5,933,333 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per whole warrant, or 8,900,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of- pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our anchor investors purchased an aggregate of 5,370,000 units in our initial public offering. Further, each of the anchor investors have agreed that if they, together with their affiliates, beneficially hold less than 9.9 of the shares sold in our initial public offering upon consummation of our initial business combination, they will forfeit certain founder shares back to the sponsor. There can be no assurance that what amount of equity our anchor investors will retain, if any, upon the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that the anchor investors purchase additional units and vote them in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and private placement warrants that our anchor investors may hold, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. In addition, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering. The loan was repaid on February 1, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We entered into a registration rights agreement on January 25, 2021 with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. Related Party Policy We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that we have adopted is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted upon the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter that we have adopted upon consummation of our initial public offering is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: Payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, until July 28, 2023, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 
 Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered. Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 198,275 and 74,745, respectively. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum LLP any audit-related fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We paid Marcum LLP 17,510 and 0 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum LLP any other fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 15 of Part IV below. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Registrant has elected not to include such summary information. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. as representatives of the several underwriters (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2022, by and among DiamondHead Holdings Corp., Hestia Merger Sub, Inc. and Great Southern Homes, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 3.1 Amended Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2023). 3.2 Bylaws. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-251961) filed on January 8, 2021). 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between the Company and American Stock Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 4.2 Description of Securities. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 25, 2021 by and among the Company, its officers, directors and the Sponsor. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the other holders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 10.6 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 10.7 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated of September 10, 2022, by and among DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC, the Registrant, Great Southern Homes, Inc. and certain other parties thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 10.8 Financing Commitment Letter, dated of September 10, 2022, by and among the Registrant, DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC, David T. Hamamoto and Antara Capital Total Return SPAC Master Fund LP. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022) 10.9 Joinder to the Letter Agreement, dated August 2, 2022, by and among the Company and Michael Bayles. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2022) 10.10 Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 2, 2022, by and among the Company and Michael Bayles. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.3 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 32.3 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of DiamondHead Holdings Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of DiamondHead Holdings Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 28, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Income tax payable Franchise tax payable Notes payable - related party Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Derivative warrant liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at and per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized issued or outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 General and administrative expenses Franchise tax expense Loss from operations ) ) Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities ) Income from investments held in Trust Account Gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions on public warrants Interest expense - related party ) Net income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock Basic weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock Diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total Common Stock Additional Stockholders Class A Class B Paid-In Accumulated Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2020 ) Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) Extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions on public shares Reclassification from additional paid-in capital to retained earnings ) Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) ) Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities Income from investments held in Trust Account ) ) Gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions on public warrants ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Franchise tax payable ) Income tax payable Accrued interest Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash deposited in Trust Account ) Interest released from Trust Account for payment of income taxes Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from note payable to related party Repayment of note payable ) Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross Proceeds received from private placement Offering costs paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash ) Cash - beginning of the period Cash - end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Offering costs included in accrued expenses Deferred underwriting commissions Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activities: Income taxes paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity from the Company s inception to December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Public Offering and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as described below), the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in trust from the proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private Placement described below, and from changes in the fair value of its derivative warrant liability. On September 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Hestia Merger Sub, Inc., a South Carolina corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of DHHC Merger Sub ), and Great Southern Homes, Inc., a South Carolina corporation GSH ), pursuant to which the Company expects to effect a business combination with GSH through the merger of Merger Sub with and into GSH (the Merger ), with GSH surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Transactions ), the Company expects to be renamed United Homes Group, Inc. The obligations of the Company, Merger Sub and GSH to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, which are further described in the Business Combination Agreement. The Company s sponsor is DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 25, 2021. On January 28, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 6). On August 10, 2022, the underwriter from the Initial Public Offering resigned from its role in any Business Combination and waived its entitlement to the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of million. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor and to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors, including certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. and Millennium Management LLC (each, an Anchor Investor ), generating proceeds of million (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have 
 F-7 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption have been recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, officers and directors agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 28, 2023, to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). the Company filed If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims (i) by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account or (ii) under our indemnity of the underwriter of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Marcum LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, will not execute agreements with the Company waiving claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. Proposed Business Combination On September 10, 2022, the Company entered into the GSH Business Combination Agreement with Merger Sub and GSH, pursuant to which the Company expects to effect a business combination with GSH through the merger of Merger Sub with and into GSH (the Merger ), with GSH surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon the consummation of the GSH Business Combination, the Company expects to be renamed United Homes Group, Inc. The obligations of the Company, Merger Sub and GSH to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, which are further described in the GSH Business Combination Agreement. The Company cannot assure that the plans to complete the GSH Business Combination will be successful. Further, the Company may need to pursue third party financing, among other things, to satisfy the closing condition that at Closing, the amount of Closing DHHC Cash be equal to or exceed (the Minimum Cash Condition ). However, there can be no assurance that any third-party financing will be entered into in connection with the GSH Business Combination, and there can be no assurance that the Minimum Cash Condition will be satisfied. If the Minimum Cash Condition is not satisfied, amended or waived by GSH pursuant to the terms of the GSH Business Combination Agreement, then the GSH Business Combination would not be consummated. Trust Account Redemptions and Extension of Combination Period On January 25, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which such stockholders voted to extend the time the Company has to consummate an initial Business Combination from January 28, 2023 to July 28, 2023. In connection with such vote, the holders of an aggregate of Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of approximately million in cash held in the Trust Account. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 in cash and a working capital deficit of approximately million (not taking into account tax obligations of approximately that may be paid using investment income earned in Trust Account). The Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through a contribution of from Sponsor to cover for certain offering costs in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a loan of up to from the Sponsor pursuant to the Promissory Note (see Note 5), and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Promissory Note was repaid on February 1, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans up to (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. In October 2022, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to affiliates of the Sponsor for an aggregate principal amount of up to . As of December 31, 2022, there was an outstanding balance of under these promissory notes including of accrued but unpaid interest through December 31, 2022. In connection with management s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements-Going Concern, management has determined that the existing liquidity condition, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate on or after July 28, 2023. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities are included in income from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using quoted market prices. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Subsequently, the Company recognizes changes in redemption value in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders deficit. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. The following table reflects presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for each class of common stock. Allocation of net income - Diluted Denominator: Basic weighted average common stock outstanding Diluted weighted average common stock outstanding Basic and diluted net income per common stock Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million is included in deferred underwriting commissions. On August 10, 2022, the underwriter from the Initial Public Offering resigned from its role in any Business Combination and waived its entitlement to the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of million. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one -fourth of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 
 F-14 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor and the Anchor Investors, generating proceeds of million. Each Private Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Placement Warrants. on behalf of the Company to cover certain offering costs in exchange for issuance of shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). Additionally, upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors for the same price originally paid for such shares. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 8. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On January 28, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor and the Anchor Investors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Promissory Note Related Party On October 21, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and due upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2020, the Company borrowed under the Promissory Note. On February 1, 2021, the Company repaid the Promissory Note in full. Subsequent to repayment, the facility is no longer available to the Company. On October 18, 2022, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to affiliates of the Sponsor for an aggregate principal amount of up to . The promissory notes bear interest on the outstanding principal balance at per annum, are not convertible and are repayable in full upon the earlier of: (i) April 28, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company closes the Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, there was an aggregate outstanding balance of under the promissory notes including of accrued but unpaid interest through December 31, 2022. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement The Company agreed, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. The Sponsor has not received any reimbursement of these fees through December 31, 2022. Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with the Company and GSH, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company all of its Class B common stock, (the Sponsor Shares and any securities acquired after the execution of the Sponsor Support Agreement, in favor of each Transaction Proposal (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Transactions and (iii) be bound by certain transfer and redemption restrictions with respect to such Sponsor Shares, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement. The Sponsor has also agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to transfer approximately million Sponsor Earn Out Shares (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement) until such shares are released under the Sponsor Support Agreement. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, Sponsor Earnout Shares will be released in tranches upon the occurrence of the following milestones during the period commencing on the 90th day following the date (the Closing Date on which the closing of the Merger (the Closing occurs and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date: (i) a one-time issuance of Earnout Shares on the first date on which the volume weighted average price of DHHC Shares over any trading days within the preceding consecutive trading day period (as adjusted, the VWAP Price is greater than or equal to Triggering Event I (ii) a one-time issuance of Earn Out Shares on the first date on which the VWAP Price is greater than or equal to Triggering Event II and (iii) a one-time issuance of Earn Out Shares on the first date on which the VWAP Price is greater than or equal to Triggering Event III , together with Triggering Event I and Triggering Event II, the Earn-Out Milestones ). Any such Sponsor Earnout Shares not vested prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date will be deemed to be forfeited. The Sponsor has also agreed that in the event that Closing DHHC Cash (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) is less than , up to million Sponsor Shares will be designated as Sponsor Earnout Shares, subject to the same release conditions set forth in the preceding paragraph. In addition, members of the Sponsor have made a commitment to purchase and not redeem an aggregate of million Public Shares. The Sponsor has also agreed, pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement, to forfeit approximately million Sponsor Shares and approximately of its Private Placement Warrants. Financing Commitment Letter In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we entered into a financing commitment letter (the Financing Commitment Letter with the Sponsor, David T. Hamamoto, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and an affiliate of our 
 F-16 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million DHHC Class A Common Shares. Specifically, the Investors have agreed, among other things, severally, and not jointly, subject to certain terms and conditions, (i) to purchase (in open market transactions or otherwise), or to cause one or more of its controlled affiliates to purchase, and beneficially own no less than DHHC Class A Common Shares, no later than the date that is five (5) business days prior to the special meeting of our stockholders to consider matters relating to the proposed Merger and (ii) following such purchases, not to sell, contract to sell, redeem or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, the acquired shares or the economic ownership of the acquired shares at any time prior to the consummation of the Transactions. The acquired shares will not be subject to any restrictions on transfer or disposition. In the event an Investor fails to make the committed purchase, the defaulting investor will automatically forfeit DHHC Class B Common Shares it is entitled to receive in connection with the Closing for the benefit of the non-defaulting Investor or its designated controlled affiliates. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement The Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, upon completion of the Merger, the Company (which expects to be named United Homes Group, Inc. at that time), the Sponsor, certain securityholders of the Company and certain former stockholders of GSH will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the A R Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the A R Registration Rights Agreement, among other things, UHG agrees to file a shelf registration statement with respect to the registrable securities under the A R Registration Rights Agreement within of the Closing. Up to times in any period, certain legacy DHHC securityholders and legacy GSH stockholders may request to sell all or any portion of their registrable securities in an underwritten offering that is registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement, so long as the total offering price is reasonably expected to exceed . The combined company will also provide customary demand and piggyback registration rights. The A R Registration Rights Agreement will provide that UHG will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the securityholders against certain liabilities. Further, each securityholder party to the A R Registration Rights Agreements agrees not to transfer any of their registrable securities subject to lock-up transfer restrictions (as described in the A R Registration Rights Agreement) until the end of the applicable Lock-Up Period (as defined in the A R Registration Rights Agreement) subject to certain customary exceptions described therein. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriter a option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On January 28, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option. The underwriter was entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter was entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or approximately million in the aggregate. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million. The Company recognized approximately million of the commissions waiver as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statements of changes in stockholders deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022, as this portion represents an extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions on Public Shares which was originally recognized directly in accumulated deficit. The remaining balance of approximately is recognized as a gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions on public warrants in the consolidated statements of operations, which represents the original amount expensed in the Company s initial public offering. Contingent Fee Arrangement The Company has entered into certain engagement letters with Zelman Partners LLC Zelman for financial advice and assistance in connection with its search for a prospective initial business combination. Pursuant to the engagement letters, the Company agreed to pay Zelman a transaction fee in cash of plus, in the Company s sole discretion, an additional transaction fee of between to (collectively, the Transaction Fees ). The Transaction Fees were contingent upon the closing of a Business Combination and therefore not included as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, if the Company or any of its affiliates enters into an agreement with respect to the acquisition of all or a portion of a target company in the homebuilding industry (the Agreement and (i) such Agreement is terminated prior to consummation of such acquisition or the acquisition is otherwise not consummated and (ii) the Company receives a payment or other consideration (the Payment at any time related to such termination or non-consummation, the Company agrees to pay to Zelman a transaction fee of the lesser of (i) the Transaction Fee that would have been payable had the sale been consummated and (ii) of such Payment in cash if and when such Payment is made to the Company. Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and within business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 
 if, and only if, closing price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to each warrant holder. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants, but only on a cashless basis, prior to redemption and receive that number of shares to be determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock except as otherwise described below; if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A common stock for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption for cash, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis , as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their respective affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Newly Issued Price. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees (except as set forth under Redemption of Warrants when the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds ). If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to redemption Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, all subject to possible redemption and classified as temporary equity. (See Note 8). Class B Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full, so that the Sponsor would own of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. On January 28, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as required by law. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. Liabilities: Derivative public warrant liabilities Derivative private warrant liabilities Fair Value Measured as of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Investments held in Trust Account - Money Market Funds Liabilities: Derivative public warrant liabilities Derivative private warrant liabilities Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 measurement in March 2021, when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded in an active market. There were no other transfers to/from levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Level 1 assets include investments in mutual funds invested in government securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. Prior to being publicly traded, the fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering were measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model, and the Private Placement Warrants have been measured at fair value using a modified Black-Scholes model. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the value of the Public Warrants was measured based on the trading price since the warrants were separately listed and traded. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a gain of approximately million and million, respectively, resulting from a decrease in the fair value of liabilities, presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants, and the Public Warrants prior to being separately listed and traded, is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation and a Black-Scholes model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on the historical volatility of an index of companies that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the 
 F-21 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 . The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements inputs at their measurement dates: Stock Price Option term (in years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate The change in the fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities measured utilizing Level 1 and Level 3 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, is summarized as follows: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities - Level 3 ) Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 - Level 3 

Derivative warrant liabilities at January 1, 2021 - Level 3 Issuance of Derivative Warrants - Level 3 Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 ) Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities - Level 3 ) Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 - Level 3 State Deferred Federal ) ) State Valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company s net deferred tax assets were as follows as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Net operating loss carryforwards Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 F-22 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in valuation allowance was and , respectively. A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Statutory state rate, net of federal benefit Financing costs Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) ) Merger costs Transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities Loss upon issuance of private placement warrants ) Change in valuation allowance Income tax rate in original principal amount of convertible promissory notes (the Notes and shares of Class A common stock in a private placement PIPE investment (the PIPE Investment in connection with the GSH Business Combination. The aggregate gross amount of the PIPE Investment is approximately . The proceeds of the PIPE Investment are expected to be used by the Company to offset redemptions of the Company s Class A common stock (see Extension and Redemptions below for details on redemptions of the Company s Class A common stock), and may be used by DHHC to satisfy the Minimum Cash Condition. The closing of the Note Purchase Agreement is contingent upon the substantially concurrent consummation of the GSH Business Combination and subject to other customary closing conditions and terms set forth therein. On March 23, 2023, in connection with the Company s efforts to raise funds to meet the Minimum Cash Condition, the Company entered into certain private placement transactions (collectively, the Share Lock-Up Agreements with certain investors who purchased shares of the Company s Class A common stock on the open market prior to March 16, 2023 (each a Lock-Up Investor ), pursuant to which, and subject to and conditioned upon the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the Share Lock-Up Agreements, the 
 F-23 

Table of Contents DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 UHG Class A Common Shares for a purchase price of , for each share of the Company s Class A common stock held by such Lock-Up Investor at the Closing. Also, on March 23, 2023, the Company and certain investors PIPE Investors entered into subscription agreements (collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements providing for the purchase by the PIPE Investors at the effective time of the GSH Business Combination of (i) an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price per share of , and (ii) for each share of the Company s Class A common stock purchased by each PIPE Investor, the Company agreed to issue to the applicable PIPE Investor UHG Class A Shares for a purchase price of per share for gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million. On March 23, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of its stockholders in lieu of the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting in connection with the GSH Business Combination. At the Special Meeting, the GSH Business Combination Agreement was approved, and the stockholders holding shares of Class A common stock (after giving effect to withdrawals of redemptions) exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) will be removed from the Trust Account to pay such redeeming holders and approximately million will remain in the Company s Trust Account. On January 10 and February 9, 2023, the Company drew additional amounts of from the unsecured promissory notes, respectively, which were issued to affiliates of the Sponsor on October 18, 2022 (See Note 5). The total outstanding balance of the promissory notes was fully repaid on March 24, 2023. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DIAMONDHEAD HOLDINGS CORP. (Registrant) Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ David T. Hamamoto David T. Hamamoto Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ David T. Hamamoto Co-Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2023 David T. Hamamoto (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael Bayles Co-Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2023 Michael Bayles (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer and Director March 28, 2023 Keith Feldman (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Judith A. Hannaway Director March 28, 2023 Judith A. Hannaway /s/ Jonathan A. Langer Director March 28, 2023 Jonathan A. Langer /s/ Charles W. Schoenherr Director March 28, 2023 Charles W. Schoenherr 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 dhhcu-20221231xex4d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED As of December 31, 2022, Diamondhead Holdings Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ), (ii) its warrants exercisable for one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share and (iii) its units, consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of a warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. This Description of Securities also contains a description of the Company s Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class B common stock or founder shares ), which is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but is convertible into shares of Class A common stock. The description of the Class B common stock is necessary to understand the material terms of the Class A common stock. Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Defined terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Units Each unit consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Common Stock Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions 

 pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of Class A common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination (B) and to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the timeframe set forth in our certificate of incorporation, or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within the timeframe set forth in our certificate of incorporation, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described herein and (iv) are subject to registration rights. If we submit our business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased in favor of our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of the founder shares held by our sponsor, anchor investors or our officers and directors would be subject to the same restrictions applicable to our sponsor, anchor investors or officers and directors respectively. 

 The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial public offering and related to the closing of the business combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination). Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor or anchor investors) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Redeemable Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. 

 Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants, but only on a cashless basis, prior to redemption and receive that number of shares to be determined by reference to the table set forth under Description of Securities - Redeemable Warrants based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described in Description of Securities - Redeemable Warrants if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of our Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants as described above. The fair market value of our Class A common stock for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. This redemption feature differs from the typical 

 warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). The numbers in the table below represent the redemption prices , or the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature. The stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted. The adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months - - 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 

 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A common stock. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 . Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of our initial public offering. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to (i) our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and (ii) the amount of cash provided by the exercise of the warrants and available to use, and also provides a ceiling to the theoretical value of the warrants as it locks in the amount of shares we would pay to warrant holders that exercise if we choose to redeem the warrants in this manner. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A common stock if and when such Class A common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. No fractional Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A common stock, the surviving company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Security Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise. If we call the warrants for redemption for 0.01 as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis . In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis , our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage 

 of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor, the anchor investors and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.8 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination within the timeframe set forth in our certificate of incorporation or with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

 Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price (see - Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 and - Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 ), and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price (see - Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 ). In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock or any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of 

 Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder , prior to the date of the transaction; after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. Our certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval (including a specified future issuance) and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Class B Common Stock Consent Right For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 dhhcu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, David T. Hamamoto, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DiamondHead Holdings Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ David T. Hamamoto David T. Hamamoto Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 dhhcu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, Michael Bayles, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DiamondHead Holdings Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Bayles Michael Bayles Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 dhhcu-20221231xex31d3.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.3

Exhibit 31.3 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, Keith Feldman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DiamondHead Holdings Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 dhhcu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of DiamondHead Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, David T. Hamamoto, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ David T. Hamamoto David T. Hamamoto Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 dhhcu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of DiamondHead Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Bayles, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Bayles Michael Bayles Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 dhhcu-20221231xex32d3.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.3

Exhibit 32.3 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of DiamondHead Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Keith Feldman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 dhhcu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 dhhcu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 dhhcu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 dhhcu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

