<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1605057_0001477932-23-001945.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3513753</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231380</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>710619</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>852749</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>709962</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>934311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-001945.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330164725
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-001945
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vemanti Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001605057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				465317552
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56266
		FILM NUMBER:		23781353

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7545 IRVINE CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		STE. 200
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-559-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7545 IRVINE CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		STE. 200
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-001945.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 vemanti_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

vemanti_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ COMMISSION FILE NO. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 6199 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) , , , (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address and telephone number of registrant s executive office) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large, accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on a closing price of 0.3594 as of such date. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors, and beneficial holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. As of March 30, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock and 40,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. VEMANTI GROUP, INC. FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item 2. Properties 26 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 26 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 26 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 27 Item 6. [Reserved] 28 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 32 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 48 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 48 Item 9B. Other Information 49 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 49 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 50 Item 11. Executive Compensation 52 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 53 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 54 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 55 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 56 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 56 - 2 - Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , and Vemanti mean Vemanti Group, Inc. unless otherwise indicated. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management s best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. The results anticipated by any or all of these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties, and risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future events, or otherwise. OUR BUSINESS Corporate History and Structure The Chief Executive Officer CEO of Vemanti Group, Inc. Vemanti ), Mr. Tan Tran, together with Mark Wehberg, incorporated VoiceStep Telecom, LLC, a California limited liability company, on January 27, 2005 VoiceStep ). The purpose was to offer digital voice telecommunications services based on Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP ), which were provisioned via the internet instead of over traditional fixed lines. The majority of VoiceStep s business was entirely dedicated to serving smaller and prepaid long-distance LD carriers (e.g., International calling card providers) with competitive inbound and outbound services compared to similar products from the incumbent and bigger carriers. VoiceStep built up its customer base through direct marketing and sales as well as re-sellers. On January 22, 2014, Mr. Tran purchased the membership interest in VoiceStep owned by Mr. Wehberg. Vemanti Group, Inc. was incorporated by Mr. Tan Tran on April 3, 2014, under the laws of the state of Nevada. The Company was created to be a holding company for VoiceStep and other future acquisitions. Simultaneous with the incorporation of the Company, Mr. Tan, the sole member of VoiceStep, exchanged one hundred percent (100 of his membership interests in VoiceStep for shares of Vemanti s capital stock, effecting a change of control and making VoiceStep a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On July 10, 2018, the Company made an investment in Fvndit, Inc. Fvndit ), f/k/a Directus Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation, for 20 equity in Fvndit. This was done in an effort to broaden our future service offerings and engage further with the financial technology industry. Fvndit is a Nevada-based fintech company, the parent company to eLoan JSC ELoan ), and focuses on solving the working capital problem for small and medium-sized enterprises SMEs ). On March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Digital Banking Platform Agreement with Vietnam Public Joint Stock Commercial Bank PVcomBank (the Platform Agreement under which Vemanti agreed to partner with PVcomBank in designing, developing, and delivering a digital-only banking platform (the Platform for providing products and services to SMEs in Vietnam. - 3 - Table of Contents On June 16, 2022, the Company executed and consummated the transactions contemplated by a stock purchase agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Fvndit. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Fvndit purchased from the Company all of the shares of Fvndit s common stock then owned by the Company and certain accounts receivable of approximately 25,000 that were due from Fvndit to the Company in consideration for certain intellectual property assets of Fvndit related to providing a peer-to-peer investment marketplace in Vietnam that matches companies needing working capital funds with investors wishing to provide those funds. As a result of the sale, the Company no longer owns any shares of Fvndit, and no longer holds the securities of any other entity other than those of our wholly owned subsidiary, VoiceStep Telecom, LLC. Business Overview About Vemanti Vemanti, incorporated on April 3, 2014, under the laws of the State of Nevada, is a financial technology (fintech) company that seeks to generate revenues in the emerging and high-growth markets of Vietnam and Southeast Asia. The Company believes that its core strengths are in newer technology development and that it can drive growth through socially impact-driven products. In particular, the Company intends to focus its future product and business development on digital banking (aka neobanking) and fintech applications using disruptive technologies aimed at making credit simpler and easier to access for small to medium enterprises SMEs in our target markets. Our Growth Strategies In the wake of U.S.-China trade tensions and the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company believes that many global supply chains began looking at China +1 policies. Vemanti believes that Vietnam has been a significant beneficiary of this change, leading to significant growth in the import and export of goods. In 2021, according to a January 2022 report issued by the Vietnam General Statistics Office, the total export and import turnover of goods reached 668.54 billion USD, representing an increase of 22.6 over the previous year. According to a 2021 report published by the OECD, SMEs play a relevant role in exports, accounting for 88 of exporting enterprises and for about half of export volume. However, according to the Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry VCCI ), only 30 percent of SMEs in Vietnam have access to loans from the formal sector, with the rest having to use their own funds or depend on unregulated loans. The Company believes that these trends have led to a significant need for SME financing in Vietnam, and it is aiming to address this demand with technological solutions providing access to short-term loan products. Currently, the Company believes that trade finance (aka invoice financing or factoring) is an industry dominated by banks that focus on large, established corporate customers. Vemanti s goal is to create simpler access to credit through the use of technological solutions. In the next 12 months, the Company intends to develop and release an online platform product to connect the export-dependent SMEs in Vietnam with short-term business financing based on Accounts Receivable AR ). The plan is to connect them to more simplified and faster financial services using digital-only technological solutions through formal collaborations with traditional banks, leveraging their existing banking infrastructure and frameworks, including but not limited to risk, compliance, and security. PVcomBank Collaboration On August 11, 2021, the Company signed a Fintech and Banking-as-a-Service BaaS business cooperation Memorandum of Understanding MOU with PVcomBank to jointly develop digital banking solutions for the underserved consumers and small businesses in Vietnam. PVcomBank is a fully licensed and regulated bank in Vietnam with core banking products and services. It has a network of 108 transaction offices in major provinces and cities in Vietnam that provide a range of products and services for its individual and corporate clients. According to the signed MOU outlining the partnership, Vemanti will gain access to the technical know-how and banking expertise of PVcomBank via PVcomBank s banking license, core banking services, and an existing technology platform purpose-built for API-based integration. - 4 - Table of Contents On March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a master Digital Banking Platform Agreement with PVcomBank (the Platform Agreement under which Vemanti agreed to partner with PVcomBank in designing, developing, and delivering a digital-only banking platform (the Platform for accessing PVcomBank s products and services to SMEs in Vietnam. The specific products and services to be provided through the Platform, as well as the terms of the agreement, including the distribution of revenues derived from each such product or service, are to be specified in annexes to the Platform Agreement (of which none have been entered into as of the date of this annual report). Pursuant to the Platform Agreement, the Company is collaborating with PVcomBank in business planning and development for the partnership; procure and provision necessary software licensing and intellectual property rights to support and maintain the operations of the partnership; develop and operate the Platform to support the products and services offered by PVcomBank, work with PVcomBank to develop and implement back-end integration between the Platform and PVcomBank s banking systems; work with PVcomBank to integrate the partnership s customer service experience into PVcomBank s back-end systems, provide technical support with regard to the Platform; conduct market research relating to the launch and operations of the partnership; conduct marketing, promotion, and branding activities for the partnership; conduct customer acquisition and onboarding procedures; establish and maintain a customer service center for both pre- and post-sales activities; provide technical support with regard to the Platform to enable PVcomBank s compliance with its regulatory and reporting requirements; collaborate with PVcomBank to identify, evaluate, and manage partnership risks; and keep customer data, financial records, and information related to the partnership confidential. The Company has also agreed to comply with certain policies and procedures, to be determined by the mutual agreement of the parties, with respect to each service offered. All staff employed at or for the direct benefit of, or performing services in or about, the Platform will be employees of Vemanti or an affiliate, except where PVcomBank staff is required to perform certain tasks under applicable banking laws and regulations. Vemanti will be responsible for paying the salaries, taxes, benefits, and other employment expenses of the platform staff, as well as the cost of any consultants and experts retained by Vemanti to operate the Platform. Pursuant to the Platform Agreement, PVcomBank will advise Vemanti in business and management matters in respect to the preparation and operation of the partnership; engage and cooperate with Vemanti for all advice, services, trademarks, and licenses required to support the operation of the partnership; make PVcomBank s back-end systems and data available for the development and implementation of interfaces to the partnership s customer service experience; execute account opening and maintenance procedures and transactions to provide the partnership s products and services to the partnership s customers; ensure the availability and capacity of PVcomBank s back-end systems according to a mutually-agreed service level agreement as to each service to be jointly offered by Vemanti and PVcomBank; ensure the availability of PVcomBank s back-end systems that enable Vemanti to access the partnership s customer data records; provide troubleshooting support according to a mutually-agreed service level agreement as to each service to be jointly offered by Vemanti and PVcomBank; support Vemanti s market research and marketing activities; use available transaction locations serving as premises for the partnership where needed; place and ensure the availability of ATMs at agreed locations to support partnership activities; collaborate with Vemanti with respect to identifying, evaluation, and managing partnership risks; keep customer data, financial records, and information related to the partnership confidential; satisfy applicable standards, requirements, and reporting obligations of PVcomBank with respect to the partnership; and comply with applicable law and regulations with respect to the partnership. The Platform Agreement has an initial ten-year term, which may be extended by either Vemanti or PVcomBank upon 90 days advance written notice to the other party prior to the expiration of the then-current term. During the term, PVcomBank will not agree to, engage with, or permit any other entity or person to utilize PVcomBank s licensing, brand, and resources to offer the same financial products and services to a specific business sector or customer group as Vemanti or engage in any similar service as those provided by Vemanti under the agreement. However, until the parties have mutually adopted an annex setting forth specific terms, products and services, PVcomBank will have the right to access and provide products and services to its customers without restriction. - 5 - Table of Contents Each of Vemanti and PVcomBank has the right to terminate the Platform Agreement upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events with respect to the other party or upon 60 days written notice following the occurrence of an uncured material breach of the Platform Agreement by the other party. In the event of such termination, the defaulting party must pay a breach termination fee (to be set forth in the applicable annex for each service provided under the Platform Agreement) and indemnity the non-breaching party for all damages arising from the breach. The Platform Agreement also contains customary indemnification provisions. Through the Platform Agreement and our collaboration with PVcomBank, Vemanti intends to utilize PVcomBank s banking expertise and existing core banking system to connect SMEs in Vietnam with an innovative digital-only banking solution. As part of this new model, we plan to develop and utilize a Vemanti-branded platform to allow customers to sign up for accounts and get access to services entirely online, while still having the option of visiting a convenient PvcomBank branch location if needed. We intend for customers using our Platform to have SME-tailored banking services and financial products of PVcomBank and eventually will be able to seamlessly integrate them into their business operations using API-based third-party accounting software. Vemanti is actively working with PVcomBank to develop and launch the first product which is expected to be a short-term working capital loan program specifically designed for small to medium enterprises in Vietnam. PVcomBank will underwrite the loans while our Platform will provide the sales channel, generating leads and qualifying customers. The Company expects the launch to be in mid- to late-2023. Our Business Objectives Through our partnership with PVcomBank, Vemanti s goal is to have a portfolio of products and services for our platform built around the financial needs of small businesses. We plan for our platform to be enhanced and connected to make information streams about small businesses more readily available and integrated in ways that provide more accurate insight into a small business s financial health and future needs. This integration would allow credit to be made easily available to small business owners where the loan application is always on . Instead of receiving an offer in a linear fashion to apply for a loan, business owners would get a notification alerting them in real-time how much credit is already pre-approved and available for their business, should they want to use it. Moving forward and in the future, we plan to seek out high-growth opportunities in financial technology (fintech) development with additional business partnerships in Vietnam and other markets in Southeast Asia where adoption of digital financial solutions is often accelerated due to lack of user-friendly and innovative banking services. Strategically and long-term, we are focused on providing inclusive access to financial services for the underserved consumers and businesses using technologies, including but not limited to API-based open banking, blockchain, cloud computing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. Competitive Landscape A number of products and services in Vietnam are directly or indirectly in competition with us, including but not limited to the following companies: Lendbiz Lendbiz is targeted at small and medium-sized enterprises in Vietnam. Lendbiz focuses on business loans and aims to provide inexpensive capital to enterprises and help develop the business community in Vietnam. Tima Tima is an online marketplace for consumer-focused financial services that utilizes credit-scoring technology and algorithms to obtain credit scores and analyze data from social media accounts to determine creditworthiness. - 6 - Table of Contents HuyDong (LoanVi) HuyDong, formerly known as LoanVi, focuses on personal loans. Founded in 2015, the company aims at bridging the gap between the unbanked/underbanked population and investors. The solution provides individuals with affordable credit from investors through a secured, risk-controlled process. VayMuon VayMuon is a subsidiary of Nextech who also operates FastGo (a ride-hailing app), Nganluong eWallet, and amabuy.com (a website that helps local Vietnamese buy goods from Amazon.com on a contractual basis). It is focusing on unsecured micro-lending. Mofin Mofin is powered by Mofin Asia and Netfin Vietnam with a focus on providing micro unsecured loans to individuals. Megalend Viet Nam Megalend is focusing on asset-backed lending. Aspire Aspire, a Singapore-based fintech, touts itself as an all-in-one finance operating system for growing businesses. They focus on SMEs to bring a wide range of lending and deposit services to their customers. Validus Validus is another Singapore-based fintech that provides invoice, inventory, and purchase order financing to small to medium sized businesses through their lending platform. Other Products and Services VoiceStep Through our wholly owned subsidiary VoiceStep, we continue to provide a one-stop solution with regard to business-class VoIP services to our small to medium-sized business customers in the United States. VoiceStep provides a cloud-based multi-location, multi-user, enterprise-grade communications solution that enables employees to communicate through voice, text, web conferencing, and fax on devices, including smartphones, tablets, PCs, and desk phones. It offers PBX features such as multiple extensions, call control, Outlook integration, SM, telephony conferencing; fax, auto-receptionist, call logs and rule-based call routing and answering. The Company also has the ability to deliver customized voice applications to meet a customer s business requirements. The entire switching infrastructure of VoiceStep is based on next generation softswitch architecture and was engineered in-house from the ground up. This eliminates certain dependency on third-party vendors and, at the same time, allows the Company greater technical flexibility and economic scalability. We offer business-class VoIP products such as cloud phone systems (aka hosted PBX) and domestic/International origination and termination as a cost-saving and profit-increasing solution to multi-location enterprise customers. We are capable of delivering business-class VoIP solutions in all 50 States as well as in Canada and other countries where VoIP applications are allowed. VoiceStep s network enables the following technology solutions: unified communications, data center services, content delivery, VoIP and cloud computing. Due to lack of capital, our Fixed-Mobile Convergence FMC technology was not fully developed and has only been deployable in a controlled test environment. Its consumption of valuable engineering resources caused the Company to fall behind in the host-PBX market. Due to the global and distributed nature of the workforce, businesses today demand service providers to offer not only simple voice and data services, but also fully integrated productivity and coloration tools such as Customer Relationship Management CRM ), call center, team and video messaging, and videotelephony conferencing to bring their teams and customers together on one single business communications platform. In order to match those demands, the Company would need to revamp and re-engineer its current platform as well as add a large team of product and business developers which would require a sizable upfront investment. Currently, the Company does not have sufficient capital, so there are no plans to further grow VoiceStep s core business. Furthermore, the market is already saturated with much more established players. Going forward, the Company will focus its business development activities in the fintech sector. - 7 - Table of Contents For the next 12 months, we plan to implement two strategies to sustain the operations of VoiceStep: cost reduction and revenue growth. We have started cost-reduction measures for our ongoing operating expenses by renegotiating prices and/or cancelling redundant products with existing vendors and service providers. As for revenue growth, we plan to seek out and partner with local IT services companies who are seeking a white-label business-class VoIP solution for their existing customers who either have not yet made the switch to VoIP or are looking for a voice solution that allows employees to work remotely using a virtual phone system due to COVID-19. Additionally, we have reserved a portion of our cash on hand to ensure the operational continuity of VoiceStep for at least the next 12 months. Therefore, we don t foresee any negative impact on our ongoing VoiceStep operations or future fintech business strategies. Given telecommunications technologies (i.e., voice and data networks) are the basic foundation for all Internet-based products and services, we believe that moving our focus to fintech is a natural evolution for telecom service providers like ourselves. We believe that the telecommunications industry has changed dramatically, and it is merging and/or intersecting with other industries, such as social media and financial services. For example, an end-user communications device such as a mobile phone can now be utilized as a vehicle for bill payments, investments, and e-commerce services. Telecom standards continue to improve in terms of speed and capacity to allow service providers to launch additional value-added services. Many of the major carriers in the US have been considering how they can roll out embedded banking services using 5G. Outside of the US, many telecom service providers, including carriers in Southeast Asia and Vietnam, started making e-wallet services available over 10 years ago to their end-users. This allows them to pay for online purchases (like PayPal), perform person-person funds transfer (similar to Venmo), and pay monthly utility bills. Our CEO, Tan Tran, had acted as an advisor to some of these service providers in their implementation strategies, so we believe that fintech is something in which the Company is well versed. eLoan Until June 16, 2022, we held an 18.6 interest in Fvndit, f/k/a Directus Holdings, Inc., which owns eLoan, JSC eLoan ). Fvndit, through its subsidiaries, operates an online short-term P2P financing platform for SMEs in Vietnam. Fvndit s mission is to make borrowing through credit a simpler process for entrepreneurs, thus making investing more rewarding for investors. Its wholly owned subsidiary eLoan, which was launched in 2017, operates an online P2P funding platform that matches investors with entrepreneurs, allowing anyone on the platform to fund short-term working capital directly to SMEs in Vietnam. The Company purchased a 20 interest in Fvndit on November 13, 2018 for a total purchase price of 300,000. Subsequently, our interest in Fvndit became 18.6 due to Fvndit s new stock issuances. The Company paid 150,000 of the purchase price in a cash payment together with 1,252,086 shares of newly issued common stock of Vemanti (worth 150,0000). Immediately upon the closing of the transaction, Vemanti was entitled to the following rights in Fvndit (i) at least one (1) seat on each of the Board of Directors of Fvndit and/or eLoan and eLoan Holdings, (ii) veto rights regarding all matters relating to corporate governance and operations of Fvndit and eLoan, (iii) right of first refusal regarding an investment or acquisition of any kind, (iv) most favored nation protection and treatment above all other shareholders of Fvndit and eLoan, (v) at least a 25 discount preference on each and all future rounds of fundraising, and (vi) should eLoan engage in a down round of financing, Vemanti s holdings shall be maintained at the rate and value before any such down round financing at no cost to Vemanti. On June 16, 2022, the Company executed and consummated the transactions contemplated by a stock purchase agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Fvndit. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Fvndit purchased from the Company all of the shares of Fvndit s common stock then owned by the Company and certain accounts receivable of approximately 25,000 that were due from Fvndit to the Company in consideration for certain intellectual property assets of Fvndit related to providing a peer-to-peer investment marketplace in Vietnam that matches companies needing working capital funds with investors wishing to provide those funds. As a result of the sale, the Company no longer owns any shares of Fvndit, and no longer holds the securities of any other entity other than those of our wholly owned subsidiary, VoiceStep Telecom, LLC. - 8 - Table of Contents Vemanti Digital On June 26, 2021, through our former wholly owned subsidiary incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, Vemanti Digital Ltd. Vemanti Digital ), we deployed an Ethereum smart contract for a US Dollar-backed, fully reserved, stablecoin named Vemanti USD USDV ). Stably Corporation Stably ), a blockchain and financial technology company, provided the technology infrastructure for asset tokenization for USDV, and First Digital Trust Ltd. FDT acted as the escrow agent and custodian/trustee for the USD reserve funds of USDV. No USDV tokens were released to any party outside of the Company. Due to the current lack of a clear legal framework specific to stablecoins, the Company currently does not foresee an unhindered path for USDV to become commercially available and widely adopted in any jurisdiction without regulatory and compliance risks and thus has decided to end the USDV project. As of February 22, 2022, the Company has terminated its agreements with Stably and FDT, and all USDV tokens have been burned. On April 28, 2022, Vemanti Digital was formally dissolved. Bitcoin At the end of March 2021, we made a Bitcoin purchase through Gemini Trust Company, LLC Gemini (https://gemini.com) a digital currency exchange and custodian that allows customers to buy, sell, and store digital assets. Gemini is a New York-based trust company regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS). As of May 26, 2022, we liquidated our investment in Bitcoin and we do not currently hold, nor do we intend to acquire or hold, digital assets in the future. M A Activity Another strategy our Company may employ is to acquire companies and/or form joint ventures to rapidly expand our growth. We intend to look at companies who have products or resources that may help accelerate our business plans for the digital-only banking services with PVcomBank. Competitive Strengths We believe our following competitive strengths differentiate us from our competitors: access to many partner companies in the fintech sector that already have market viable products; ground-level knowledge and experience working in Vietnam and Southeast Asia; and our ability to tie leading-edge technologies to real-world solutions. Products As discussed above under PVcomBank Collaboration , we intend to design and launch a digital-only banking platform for providing products and services to SMEs in Vietnam with back-end integration with PVcomBank. As of the date of this annual report, we are in the design and testing phase of the platform. VoiceStep s current core products are: Business-class VOIP cloud phone system (a/k/a Hosted PBX Carrier-class domestic/international origination and termination; and Essential business communications tools and applications such as fax, SMS (texting), call conferencing, and call center. VoiceStep operates in a variety of small to medium business industries. All of our customers are on a monthly recurring service plan. As our customers do not require capital investment or maintenance contracts, it lowers our cost of ownership and allows the customers to easily migrate away from costly traditional on-premise PBX providers. - 9 - Table of Contents Our Suppliers We have identified a supplier for our planned digital banking platform and have completed contract negotiations. We currently depend on four (4) suppliers to deliver the VoIP solutions to us that we then re-sell to small and medium business customers: 1. Cyxtera Technologies, a data center and colocation vendor from whom we rent rack space, power, and internet connectivity on a contractual basis to host our servers and networking equipment; 2. Voyant Communications, f/k/a Vitelity, a wholesale VoIP communications service provider, who, from their end, terminates the telephone calls for our customers, which then allows them to receive incoming calls to telephone numbers in the US and Canada; 3. ScarletHawk Solutions, D.B.A Voxlinx, a wholesale VoIP communications service provider, who, from their end, terminates telephone calls for our customers, which then allows them to receive incoming calls to telephone numbers located in more than 60 countries outside the US and Canada; and 4. THINQ is a wholesale VoIP communication service provider, who interconnects with multiple carriers across the globe to allow our customer to make outgoing calls to any numbers in the US and to other countries. Marketing and Sales We have not engaged in marketing or sales in connection with our planned digital banking platform, which has not yet been launched. Pursuant to the Platform Agreement, we will be responsible for all marketing and sales in connection with the Platform. We currently market our products through third-party sales and marketing services providers. We changed our business model 9 years ago when Skype, WhatsApp and other similar platforms started to come into the marketplace. Whereas we originally sold calling card minutes to individuals, we then adjusted and focused more on business customers. We focused on businesses that already had an internet subscription or connection and could purchase phone lines from our Company at discounted rates, rather than other mainstream companies such as AT T and Verizon which offered more costly calling card packages. Our Company offers alternative services that allow businesses to be able to communicate with the outside world as well as their consumer base, but at a lower cost. Revenue that has been generated in the last 2 years is based on essentially the same customers the Company has had since 2015. Customers We define a customer as a party that purchases or subscribes to our products and services directly or indirectly through our channel partners. Our planned digital banking service has not been launched and, consequently, has no customers. For VoiceStep, our Company currently has a customer base which mostly comprises SMEs, such as dentist offices, beauty salons, real estate companies etc., in the United States. We strive to establish and maintain long-term relationships with our customers, and we currently do not have a significant customer concentration in any particular business sector. Four of our customers account for more than 10 of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Our service is subscription based. Customers initially sign up for services via our VoiceStep Business Communications Service Agreement. Customers designate how many users our services are needed for, Voice FAX plan type, and whether they choose to be billed annually or monthly. - 10 - Table of Contents Customer accounts automatically renew each month or year, depending on their payment choice, until such time that a customer chooses to cancel their service. We generate revenues primarily from the sale of our monthly and yearly subscription plans for our cloud-based VoIP services. As our customers needs change, they often add users to existing services or upgrade to better plans, which provide them with additional features and functionality. In late 2014, the Company started working on Fixed Mobile Convergence FMC technology. This end-to-end mobility solution will help ensure that employees, partners, customers, processes and assets of a company are securely connected and can be optimized in the workplace. When employees leave the office, they are leaving opportunities behind if they are missing critical calls and voice messages on their desk phone, playing phone tag with important customers or sacrificing certain ideal features of their fixed, desk-based phones. The Company s solutions for FMC make PBX features that are enjoyed in the office available and accessible through a smart phone helping employees be more responsive and productive from virtually anywhere. In addition, the FMC solutions bring a set of unique features that enhance integration between wireline and wireless networks. When a user is on Wi-Fi, all of their calls are delivered to the cloud phone system over the Internet at no charge. If their Wi-Fi signal degrades or, if they move away from a wireless router, their mobile phone will simply connect to the different cellular networks without disconnecting calls. Whether they are on Wi-Fi or not, their calls are always connected to the Company s cloud phone system without the use of an app or mobile data connection. This provides a streamlined switch between Wi-Fi and cellular, optimizing access and reducing cost. FMC was projected to create a substantial and new stream of revenue for the Company. However, this goal was not realized. Seasonality of Business There is no significant seasonality in our business. To the extent that we engage in digital banking for SMEs in Vietnam, there may be seasonal fluctuations in the trading activities for which certain of our prospective customers may seek trade financing, which could materially affect the use of our planned digital banking platform. Research and Development We do not have any dedicated in-house research and development. Intellectual Property All the source coding we utilize is open-source code, so there is never a need to copyright code as we do not own the coding. We will, from time to time, evaluate the need for intellectual property protections with respect to those elements of our planned digital banking platform which are developed by our personnel or by third party developers on our behalf. Environmental Issues Our business currently does not implicate any environmental regulation. Competition Any entity offering Internet-based communication services such as VoIP or Fax-over-IP FoIP continue to be considered a direct competitor of us, regardless of whether the end-user is required to pay for those services or not. This also includes applications that allow users to send text messages and voice messages, make voice and video calls, and share images, documents, user locations, and other content such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, WeChat, Viber, etc. We also anticipate having substantial competition for our planned digital banking platform, including from established banks and fintech companies. Some of our likely competitors are discussed below under Our Business Competitive Landscape . - 11 - Table of Contents Employees Currently, the Company has two employees, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tan Tran, and our Chief Financial Officer, Stephen R. Jones. Recent Developments On March 3, 2023, the we entered into a Framework SaaS Agreement (the SaaS Agreement with Finastra International Limited, a limited corporation organized under the laws of Wales and the United Kingdom Finastra ). The SaaS Agreement will only become effective upon our shares being listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market on or before May 22, 2023 and will have a term of seven years. If we are not successful in having its shares listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market on or before May 22, 2023, the SaaS Agreement has no force and effect. If the SaaS Agreement becomes effective, Finastra will license its software and provide development services, SaaS services, maintenance services and other services to us. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other epidemics, natural disasters, terrorist activities, political unrest, and other outbreaks could disrupt our delivery and operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected many aspects of our business, including sales, operational efficiency, technical support and our customer s ability to pay our fees. Global pandemics, or fear of spread of contagious diseases, such as Ebola virus disease EVD ), coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 ), Middle East respiratory syndrome MERS ), severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS ), H1N1 flu, H7N9 flu, and avian flu, as well as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, or other natural disasters could disrupt our business operations, reduce or restrict our supply of products, incur significant costs to protect our employees and facilities, or result in regional or global economic distress, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Actual or threatened war, terrorist activities, political unrest, civil strife, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any one or more of these events may impede our product offering efforts and adversely affect our sales results, or even for a prolonged period of time, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. - 12 - Table of Contents COVID-19 has had a global economic impact on the financial markets. The global spread of COVID-19 pandemic may result in global economic distress, and the extent to which it may affect our results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Relaxation of restrictions on economic and social activities may also lead to new cases which may lead to re-imposed restrictions. We cannot assure you that the COVID-19 pandemic can be eliminated or contained in the near future, or at all, or a similar outbreak will not occur again. A third wave of COVID-19 or a similar pandemic could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are also vulnerable to natural disasters and other calamities. We cannot assure you that we are adequately protected from the effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks, or similar events. Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, damage to our property, delays in production, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures, or internet failures, which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of our manufacturing facility as well as adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. O ur financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. There can be no assurances that we will ever be able to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain additional financing through private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support our working capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated from any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, we will have to raise additional working capital and no assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. These conditions potentially raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If adequate working capital is not available, we may be forced to discontinue operations, which would cause investors to lose their entire investment. The operation of our planned digital banking platform may subject us to costs and risks associated with various laws and regulations, including those relating to data privacy, security and protection. Developments in these and other laws and regulations could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Under the terms of the Platform Agreement, we are responsible for providing technical support with regard to the Platform to enable PVcomBank s compliance with its regulatory and reporting requirements, collaborating with PVcomBank to identify, evaluate, and manage partnership risks, keeping customer data, financial records, and information related to the partnership confidential, and complying with certain policies and procedures to be determined by the mutual agreement of the parties with respect to each service offered. Any failure on our part to effectively discharge these responsibilities may detrimentally affect PVcomBank s compliance with its extensive regulatory obligations and expose us to liability, including under the indemnification provisions in the Platform Agreement. Although we are not offering banking services and do not expect to be regulated as a financial or payment institution, our partnership with PVcomBank may directly or indirectly expose us to certain compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In particular, to the extent that our Platform involves the collection, use, storage, transmission or processing of customer data, including personal data, we may be subject to a variety of laws and regulations in Vietnam, Southeast Asia, or other jurisdictions, as well as our contractual obligations to PVcomBank regarding data privacy, security and protection. The Platform Agreement contemplates a set of policies and procedures to be determined by the mutual agreement of the Company and PVcomBank with respect to each service offered, which may include policies and procedures regarding data and privacy protection. Although we intend to comply with all such policies and procedures, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such privacy policies or any applicable privacy, security or data protection, information security or consumer-protection related laws, regulations, orders or industry standards in one or more jurisdictions could expose us or PVcomBank to costly litigation, significant awards, fines or judgments, civil and criminal penalties or negative publicity, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. - 13 - Table of Contents Our efforts to offer products and services in foreign markets may not be successful or may subject our business to increased risks. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to offer products and services first in Vietnam and eventually other markets in Southeast Asia, where we have little to no operational experience. We may not be successful in operating our business within these or other markets in a cost-effective or timely manner, if at all. Even if our efforts to operate in Vietnam and Southeast Asia are successful, international operations will subject our business to increased risks, including: increased licensing and regulatory requirements; competition from service providers or other entrenched market participants that have greater experience in the local markets than we do; increased costs associated with and difficulty in obtaining, maintaining, processing, transmitting, storing, handling and protecting intellectual property, proprietary rights and sensitive data; changes to the way we do business as compared with our current operations; a lack of acceptance of our products and services; the ability to support and integrate with local third-party service providers; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in an environment of diverse culture, language, laws and customs; difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and maintaining our company culture; increased travel, infrastructure and legal and compliance costs; compliance obligations under multiple, potentially conflicting and changing, legal and regulatory regimes, including those governing financial institutions, payments, data privacy, data protection, information security, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering; compliance with complex and potentially conflicting and changing tax regimes; potential tariffs, sanctions, fines or other trade restrictions; exchange rate exposure; increased exposure to public health issues such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and related industry and governmental actions to address these issues; and regional economic and political instability. - 14 - Table of Contents As a result of these risks, our efforts to offer products and services for sale in Vietnam and Southeast Asia may not be successful or may be hampered, which would limit our ability to grow our business. The success of our Platform is highly dependent upon third party service providers and partners, including PVcomBank. Our Platform will be powered by and integrated with PVcomBank s back-end systems, and we will be dependent on PVcomBank to maintain and keep those systems functional. Any failure by PVcomBank to do so could expose us to an inability to provide contractual services to our customers in a timely manner. Because we have few or no suitable alternatives to PVcomBank, it would be difficult or impossible for us to replace PVcomBank in a timely manner, if at all, if PVcomBank were unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future (as a result of financial or business conditions, regulatory risk, or otherwise), and our business and operations likely would be materially adversely affected. We will be dependent on data centers operated by third parties, third-party Internet hosting providers and cloud computing platforms, and any disruption in the operation of these facilities or platforms or access to the Internet would adversely affect our business. Our business, including both our planned Platform and VoiceStep, requires the ongoing availability and uninterrupted operation of internal and external transaction processing systems and services. We intend to primarily serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities provided by a third-party service provider, which we will rely on to operate certain aspects of our products and services, and we will depend on third-party Internet-hosting providers and third-party bandwidth providers for continuous and uninterrupted access to the Internet to operate our business. Any disruption of or interference with our use of such services would impair our ability to deliver our products and services to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers and harm to our business. Further, we will design our products and services and computer systems to use data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by such third-party service providers. As such, we will not easily be able to switch our operations to another cloud provider, so any disruption of or interference with our use of such providers services would increase our operating costs and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we might not be able to secure service from an alternative provider on similar terms or at all. We will rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and Internet-hosting providers to maintain their own network security, disaster recovery and system management procedures, and such third parties will not guarantee that our customers access to our solutions will be uninterrupted, error-free or secure. These third-party providers may experience website disruptions, outages and other performance problems, which may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. In particular, we will not control the operation of the third-party data center hosting facilities, and such facilities may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, intentional bad acts, power loss, hardware failures, telecommunications failures, improper operation, unauthorized entry, data loss, power loss, cyberattacks, fires, wars, terrorist attacks, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, natural disasters or similar catastrophic events. They also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or terminate our hosting arrangement or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in the delivery of our solutions, cause system interruptions, prevent our customers from accessing their accounts online, reputational harm and loss of critical data, prevent us from supporting our solutions or cause us to incur additional expense in arranging for new facilities and support. If we lose the services of one or more of our Internet-hosting or bandwidth providers for any reason or if their services are disrupted, for example due to viruses or denial of service or other attacks on their systems, or due to human error, intentional bad acts, power loss, hardware failures, telecommunications failures, fires, wars, terrorist attacks, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or similar catastrophic events, we could experience disruption in our ability to offer our solutions and adverse perception of our solutions reliability, or we could be required to retain the services of replacement providers, which could increase our operating costs and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. - 15 - Table of Contents Furthermore, prolonged interruption in the availability, or reduction in the speed or other functionality, of our products or services could materially harm our reputation and business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our products and services could cause customers to believe that our products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our products and services, and would likely permanently harm our reputation and business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The success of our Platform will be highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology systems. Any failure of these systems would disrupt our business and impair our ability to provide our services and products effectively to our customers. The success of our Platform will depend in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our Platform at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. Continued access to our Platform will depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of numerous systems, including our computer systems, software, data centers and telecommunications networks, as well as the systems of third parties, such as PVcomBank s back-end systems, national financial system network infrastructure providers, back office and business process support, information technology production and support, Internet and telephone connections, network access, data center infrastructure services and cloud storage and computing. However, these systems and technologies are vulnerable to disruptions, failures or slowdowns. We may experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of customers accessing our products and platform capabilities simultaneously, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents, natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, hostilities, and other events beyond our control. If our business grows, it may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the performance of our information technology systems, especially during peak usage times and as our products and platform capabilities become more complex and our customer traffic increases. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Specifically, if our products and platform capabilities are unavailable or if our customers are unable to access our products and platform capabilities within a reasonable amount of time, we may experience a loss of customers, lost or delayed market acceptance of our platform and products, delays in payment to us by customers, injury to our reputation and brand, the diversion of our resources, additional operating and development costs, loss of revenue, legal claims against us, the loss of licenses, or damage to our relationship with PVcomBank. In addition, we do not maintain insurance policies specifically for property and business interruptions, meaning we would directly and without setoff incur any losses we suffer as a result of the aforementioned occurrences. We do not intend to operate our Platform or all of our systems on a real-time basis and cannot assure that our business activities would not be materially disrupted if there were a partial or complete failure of any of these primary information technology systems or communication networks. In particular, if our Platform is offered on a mobile application, any failure of such mobile application would cause our Platform and services to be unavailable to our customers. Such failures could be caused by, among other things, major natural catastrophes, software bugs, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrading, security breaches caused by unauthorized access to information or systems or malfunctions, loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or other computer equipment. Any such failures would disrupt our business and impair our ability to provide access to our Platform effectively to our customers, which could adversely affect our reputation as well as our business, results of operations and financial condition. - 16 - Table of Contents Even if we are successful, our ability to remain competitive and achieve further growth will depend in part on our ability to upgrade our information technology systems and increase our capacity on a timely and cost-effective basis. We must continually make significant investments and improvements in our information technology infrastructure in order to remain competitive. We cannot guarantee that in the future we will be able to maintain the level of capital expenditures necessary to support the improvement or upgrading of our information technology systems. Any substantial failure to improve or upgrade our information technology systems effectively or on a timely basis would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Substantial and increasingly intense competition within our industry may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The market for financial services in Vietnam and Southeast Asia has become increasingly competitive in recent years. We face significant competition from traditional local and international banks and other neobanks, payment services providers, investment advisors and brokers, in addition to other new financial technology companies, startups and non-financial companies (including Lendbiz, Tima, Aspire, and other business that offer similar products and services to those that we intend to offer to SMEs). We expect competition to intensify in the future, both as emerging technologies continue to enter the marketplace and as large financial incumbents increasingly seek to innovate the services that they offer that compete with our Platform. Our insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover all claims. Our insurance policies may not adequately cover all risks to which we are exposed. A significant claim not covered by our insurance, in full or in part, may result in significant expenditures by us. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance policies in the future at reasonable costs or on acceptable terms, which may adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities. Fraud could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We intend to offer our Platform to a large number of customers, who may use the Platform to access PVcomBank s credit and banking services. If our Platform is used to facilitate illegitimate transactions, we may be exposed to contractual liability to PVcomBank and/or governmental and regulatory sanctions. The highly automated nature of, and credit offered through, our Platform may make us a target for illegal or improper uses, including fraudulent or illegal applications for credit, money laundering and terrorist financing. Identity thieves and those committing fraud using stolen or fabricated information, or other deceptive or malicious practices, potentially can steal significant amounts of money from us or from PVcomBank through the abuse of our Platform. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud would increase our liability, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain of our software are licensed from third parties. We license software for certain components of our products from third parties we do not control, such as Cyxtera Technologies, Voyant Communications (f/k/a Vitelity), ScarletHawk Solutions (D.B.A. Voxlinx) and THINQ. We also intend to license software from third parties in connection with the Platform. Although we have contracts in place with our third-party software providers, there can be no assurance that the software we license will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, in the future. The lack of renewal, or termination, of one or more of our license agreements, or the renewal of license agreements on less favorable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While proprietary or open-source alternatives may be available in some cases, transitioning to such alternatives may take time and be costly. The loss of existing licenses or the unavailability of such alternative software could result in a decrease in the quality of our products or loss of the ability to provide our products until equivalent software or suitable alternatives can be developed, identified, licensed and integrated. Our products and services rely on certain technical standards, among other things, for interoperability of communication of voice and video, including standards relating to audio and video compression standards. These standards may be covered by patent rights held by third parties. The combined costs of identifying and obtaining licenses from all holders of patent rights essential to such standards could be high and could reduce our profitability or increase our losses. The cost of not obtaining such licenses could also be high if a holder of such patent rights brings a claim for patent infringement. While some such patent holders, based on their involvement with the standard setting organizations, may license relevant technology to us under reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, there can be no assurance that all necessary patent rights can be secured under such terms, and we may have to pay substantial royalties to secure such patent rights. - 17 - Table of Contents If we fail to keep up with industry trends or technological developments, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. All of our lines of business are highly dependent on technology and our ability to adapt to technological changes. Both the digital banking industry and the IP-based business communication industry are rapidly evolving and subject to continuous technological changes. Our success will depend on our ability to keep up with the changes in technology and user behavior resulting from new developments and innovations. For example, as we provide our product and service offerings across a variety of mobile systems and devices, we are dependent on the interoperability of our services with popular mobile devices and mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Android and iOS. If any changes in such mobile operating systems or devices degrade the functionality of our services or give preferential treatment to competitive services, the usage of our services could be adversely affected. Technological innovations may also require substantial capital expenditures in product development as well as in modification of products, services or infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we can obtain financing to cover such expenditure. If we fail to adapt our products and services to such changes in an effective and timely manner, we may suffer from decreased user base, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Rapidly evolving technologies could cause demand for our products to decline or could cause our products to become obsolete. Current or future competitors may develop technological or product innovations that address Internet communications in a manner that is, or is perceived to be, equivalent or superior to our products. In the technology market in particular, innovative products have been introduced which have the effect of revolutionizing a product category and rendering many existing products obsolete. If competitors introduce new products or services that compete with or surpass the quality or the price/performance of our products, we may be unable to attract and retain users or to maintain or increase revenues from our users. We may not anticipate such developments and may be unable to adequately compete with these potential solutions. As a result of these or similar potential developments, in the future it is possible that competitive dynamics in our market may require us to reduce prices for our paid for products, which could harm our net revenues, gross margin and operating results or cause us to incur losses. Any acquisition, partnership or joint venture that we make or enter into could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and results of operations. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire, or form partnerships or joint ventures with, businesses, technologies, services and products as such opportunities arise. We may not, however, be able to identify appropriate acquisition, partnership or joint venture targets in the future, and our efforts to identify such targets may result in a loss of time and financial resources. In addition, we may not be able to successfully negotiate or finance such future acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures successfully or on favorable terms, or to effectively integrate acquisitions into our current business, and we may lose customers or personnel as a result of any such strategic transaction (in particular the customers and personnel of an acquired business). The process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service or product into our business may divert management s attention from our core business and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and generate unforeseen pressures and strains on our organizational culture. Moreover, we may be unable to realize the expected benefits, synergies or developments that we initially anticipate from such a strategic transaction. Financing an acquisition or other strategic transaction could result in dilution to existing shareholders from issuing equity securities or convertible debt securities, or a weaker balance sheet from using cash or incurring debt, and equity or debt financing may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, in connection with an acquisition, it is possible that the goodwill that has been attributed, or may be attributed, to the target may have to be written down if the valuation assumptions are required to be reassessed as a result of any deterioration in the underlying profitability, asset quality and other relevant matters. There can be no assurance that we will not have to write down the value attributed to goodwill in the future, which would adversely affect our results of operations and net assets. - 18 - Table of Contents If our business were deemed to be a regulated telecommunications business in one or more jurisdictions, it would significantly increase our expenses and may require us to change our products and other aspects of our business in potentially detrimental ways. VoiceStep operates as a software company and not as a regulated telecommunications company. We are subject to the risk that, due to changes in communications and other similar laws and regulations or in the application, interpretation or enforcement of both existing and future communications and other similar laws and regulations, we may be required to comply with communications and other similar laws and regulations in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, we are continually seeking ways to improve our products and offer them across multiple communication platforms, which may involve from time-to-time upgrades or changes in the technological infrastructure on which our products are based and which could result in subjecting our activities to greater regulation in multiple jurisdictions. For example, the rolling out of our IP-based business communication in the United States may subject us to a greater risk of regulatory oversight in this country. If we are required to comply with communications and other similar laws and regulations, we would need to meet a number of obligations, which could vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including new or enhanced compliance in the following areas: licensing and notification requirements; emergency calling requirements, including enhanced emergency calling through multi-line telephone systems; lawful interception or wiretapping requirements; privacy and data retention and disclosure requirements; limitations on our ability to use encryption technology; disability access requirements; consumer protection requirements and local dispute resolution requirements; requirements related to customer support; quality of service requirements; provision of numbering directories; numbering rules, including portability requirements; directory and operator services; and access and interconnection obligations. - 19 - Table of Contents If we fail to comply with communications, e-commerce and other similar laws and regulations in one or more jurisdictions, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. Third parties have raised, and may raise in the future, concerns about the application of regulations to our business. Some third parties, including our competitors, have raised, and may raise in the future, concerns with policymakers and regulators in various parts of the world about the application of local laws and regulations to our business. We believe that some of these established businesses (which may include incumbent telecommunications companies) and their trade association groups employ significant resources in their efforts to shape legal and regulatory regimes and may employ these resources to change legal and regulatory regimes in ways intended to reduce the effectiveness of our business. Most incumbent telecommunications companies, landline and wireless, have substantial budgets devoted to lobbying and governmental relations and long-standing relationships with regulators and legislators that we, as a newer entrant in the Internet communications market, do not have. Some of these incumbent businesses have raised concerns relating to allowing consumers open access to the Internet, the lack of regulatory controls and obligations placed on Internet communications products, and the cost advantage this brings to providers of such products. Continuing actions by these competitors or trade groups may result in additional jurisdictions requiring us to comply with the local telecommunications and other laws and regulations. Our VoIP business depends on our users having continued and unimpeded access to the Internet. Companies providing access to the Internet may be able to block or degrade our calls or block access to our website or charge us or our users additional fees for our products. All of our VoiceStep users rely on open, unrestricted access to the Internet to use our products. If they have limited, restricted or no access at all to the Internet, or their connection to the Internet is interrupted or disturbed, they may be less likely to use our VoIP products as a result. In many cases, that access is provided by companies that compete with at least some of our products, including incumbent landline telephone companies, cable television system operators, mobile wireless communications companies, and large Internet service providers. Some of these providers have stated that they may take measures that could block, degrade or otherwise disrupt our calls, or increase the cost of customers use of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their lines or access points to the Internet for our products, by filtering, blocking, delaying, or degrading the packets of data used to transmit our communications, and by charging increased fees to our users for access to our products. Some Internet access providers have additionally, or alternatively, contractually restricted their customers access to Internet communications products (which may include our VoIP products) through their terms of service. For example, SFR in France and Vodafone in Germany contractually prohibit their customers from using voice over the Internet protocol services on the Apple iPad 3G. T-Mobile in Germany and Vodafone in France and the United Kingdom have established special additional tariffs for voice over the Internet protocol. Customers of these and other Internet access providers may not be aware that technical disruptions or additional tariffs are the act of other parties, which could harm our brand. Even if customers understand that we are not the source of such disruptions, they may be less likely to use our products as a result. In the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions, regulatory authorities are in the process of examining the adoption of network neutrality policies, which aim to treat all Internet traffic equally, and developing or considering laws and regulations to codify acceptable behaviors on the part of network operators and access providers when providing consumers and businesses with access to the Internet. Different regulatory authorities have different approaches to this policy area both from a substantive and procedural perspective. Any failure on the part of regulatory authorities to protect the accessibility of the Internet to all, or any particular category of, Internet subscribers, or their failure to protect the delivery on a non-discriminatory basis of user communications over the Internet, regardless of type or service, could harm our results of operations and prospects. - 20 - Table of Contents Our business depends on the continued reliability of the Internet infrastructure. Unlike traditional communications products, our users rely on the Internet to access our products. Increasing numbers of users and increasing bandwidth requirements may harm the performance of the Internet. In addition, if Internet service providers and other third parties providing Internet services have outages or deteriorations in their quality of service, our customers will not have access to our products or may experience a decrease in the quality of our products. Furthermore, as the rate of adoption of new technology increases, the networks on which our products rely in certain countries may not be able to sufficiently adapt to the increased demand for their products and services. Frequent or persistent interruptions could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our products, and could permanently harm our reputation and brands. Problems with or price increases by third parties who provide services to us or to our users could harm our business. We rely on telecommunications providers to provide certain of our products, such as Voyant Communications, a wholesale VoIP communications service provider, who, from their end, terminates the telephone calls for our customers which then allow them to receive incoming calls to telephone numbers in the US and Canada. We have agreements with a number of telecommunication providers in order for us to provide many of our paid products. The quality of calls made by our users to and received by our users from landline and mobile phones depends in large part of the call quality of the relevant landline or mobile network. As a result, if these third parties do not provide sufficiently high-quality services, our call quality may be negatively affected which may in turn adversely impact our brand, reputation and consumer acceptance of our products. In addition, price increases by companies that provide services to us, or our users could harm our results of operations. We are dependent upon our only key executive who is not bound by any employment agreement nor does the Company maintain director and officers D O liability insurance for him. Our success depends, in part, upon the continued services of the key member of our management. Our executive s knowledge of the market, our business and our Company represents a key strength of our business, which cannot be easily replicated. The success of our business strategy and our future growth also depend on our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate skilled managerial, sales, administration, development and operating personnel. There can be no assurance that our existing personnel will be adequate or qualified to carry out our strategy, or that we will be able to hire or retain experienced, qualified employees to carry out our strategy. The loss of our key executive, or the failure to attract and retain additional key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business and operations. We cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or otherwise violate intellectual property rights held by third parties. We have not but in the future may be, subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. There could also be existing intellectual property of which we are not aware that our products may inadvertently infringe. We cannot assure you that holders of intellectual property purportedly relating to some aspect of our technology or business, if any such holders exist, would not seek to enforce such intellectual property against us in the United States, or any other jurisdictions. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be subject to liability for our infringement activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternatives of our own. In addition, we may incur significant expenses, and may be forced to divert management s time and other resources from our business and operations to defend against these infringement claims, regardless of their merits. Successful infringement or licensing claims made against us may result in significant monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our business and operations by restricting or prohibiting our use of the intellectual property in question, and our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. - 21 - Table of Contents We cannot control Internet based delays and interruptions, which may negatively affect our customers and thus our revenues. Any delay or interruption in the services by these third parties service providers could result in delayed or interrupted service to our customers and could harm our business. Accordingly, we could be adversely affected if such third-party service providers fail to maintain consistent and reliable services or fail to continue to make these services available to us on economically acceptable terms, or at all. These suppliers could also be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which could affect their ability to deliver their services to our Company in a satisfactory manner, or at all. If our business plans are not successful, we may not be able to continue operations as a going concern and our shareholders may lose their entire investment in us. We may not have sufficient working capital to fund the expansion of our operations and to provide working capital necessary for our ongoing operations and obligations. We may need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our company. Therefore, our future operations may be dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. The COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on the Company s ability to raise capital or to continue as a going concern. Our failure to adopt certain corporate governance procedures may prevent us from obtaining a listing on a national securities exchange. We do not have an audit, compensation, or nominating and corporate governance committee. The functions such committees would perform are performed by the board as a whole. Consequently, there is a potential conflict of interest in board decisions that may adversely affect our ability to become a listed security on a national securities exchange and as a result adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. Since our management beneficially owns 38.4 of our outstanding shares, their interests may differ from the interests of our other shareholders, which could cause a material decline in the value of our shares. Our officers and directors indirectly own 27,055,000 common shares. In addition, Mr. Tran, our Chairman and principal executive officer, owns 40,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which vote with the common stock on the basis of each share of Series A Preferred Stock having the right to 10 votes. Accordingly, management beneficially owns and controls all of the voting stock of the Company. Therefore, management has significant influence on determining the outcome of any matters submitted to the shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations, the election of directors and other significant corporate actions. This ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination that may be in the best interest of the Company. Without the consent of management, we may be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us or our minority shareholders. The interest of management may differ from the interests of our other shareholders. The concentration in the ownership of our shares may cause a material decline in the value of our shares. We cannot assure you that management will act in our best interests given management s ability to control a significant majority of our voting shares. - 22 - Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Common Stock The extent and duration of Russia s military action in Ukraine or future escalation of such hostilities, the extent and impact of existing and future sanctions, market disruptions and volatility, and the result of any diplomatic negotiations cannot be predicted. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our common stock will trade. In late February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale military attack on Ukraine. The invasion significantly amplified already existing geopolitical tensions among Russia, Ukraine, Europe, NATO and the West, including the U.S. In response to the military action by Russia, various countries, including the U.S., the United Kingdom, and European Union issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia. Such sanctions included, among other things, a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs; a commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications SWIFT ), the electronic banking network that connects banks globally; and restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. Additional sanctions may be imposed in the future. Such sanctions (and any future sanctions) and other actions against Russia may adversely impact, among other things, the Russian economy and various sectors of the economy, including but not limited to, financials, energy, metals and mining, engineering and defense and defense-related materials sectors; result in a decline in the value and liquidity of Russian securities; result in boycotts, tariffs, and purchasing and financing restrictions on Russia s government, companies and certain individuals; weaken the value of the ruble; downgrade the country s credit rating; freeze Russian securities and/or funds invested in prohibited assets and impair the ability to trade in Russian securities and/or other assets; and have other adverse consequences on the Russian government, economy, companies and region. Further, several large corporations and U.S. states have announced plans to divest interests or otherwise curtail business dealings with certain Russian businesses. The ramifications of the hostilities and sanctions, however, may not be limited to Russia, Ukraine, and Russian and Ukrainian companies but may spill over to and negatively impact other regional and global economic markets (including Europe and the United States), companies in other countries (particularly those that have done business with Russia and Ukraine) and on various sectors, industries and markets for securities and commodities globally, such as oil and natural gas. Accordingly, the actions discussed above and the potential for a wider conflict could increase financial market volatility, cause severe negative effects on regional and global economic markets, industries, and companies and have a negative effect on investments and performance beyond any direct exposure to Russian and Ukrainian issuers or those of adjoining geographic regions. In addition, Russia may take retaliatory actions and other countermeasures, including cyberattacks and espionage against other countries and companies around the world, which may negatively impact such countries and the companies. The extent and duration of the military action or future escalation of such hostilities, the extent and impact of existing and future sanctions, market disruptions and volatility, and the result of any diplomatic negotiations cannot be predicted. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our common stock will trade. Since we are traded on the OTCQB, an active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained. If and when an active market develops, the price of our common stock may be volatile. Presently, our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the symbol VMNT . There is limited trading in our stock, and, in the absence of an active trading market, investors may have difficulty buying and selling or obtaining market quotations, market visibility for shares of our common stock may be limited, and a lack of visibility for shares of our common stock may have a depressive effect on the market price for shares of our common stock. The lack of an active market impairs your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the fair market value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares. Holders of our common stock may, therefore, have difficulty selling their common stock, should they decide to do so. In addition, there can be no assurances that such markets will continue or that any shares of common stock will be able to be sold without incurring a loss. Any such market price of the common stock may not necessarily bear any relationship to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value, and may not be indicative of the market price for the common stock in the future. Further, the market price for the common stock may be volatile depending on a number of factors, including business performance, industry dynamics, news announcements or changes in general. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. The securities market has from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock. Moreover, the OTCQB is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq or a national stock exchange like the NYSE. Accordingly, stockholders may have difficulty reselling any shares of common stock. - 23 - Table of Contents There is no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends to our shareholders, which means that you could receive little or no return on your investment. Payment of dividends from our earnings and profits may be made at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. There is no assurance that we will generate any distributable cash from operations. Our Board may elect to retain cash for operating purposes, debt retirement, or some other purpose. Consequently, you may receive little or no return on your investment. Our shares will be subordinate to all of our debts and liabilities, which increases the risk that you could lose your entire investment. Our shares are equity interests that will be subordinate to all of our current and future indebtedness with respect to claims on our assets. In any liquidation, all of our debts and liabilities must be paid before any payment is made to our shareholders. The amount of any debt financing we incur creates a substantial risk that in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, we may have no assets remaining for distribution to our shareholders after payment of our debts. Our Board of Directors may authorize and issue shares of new classes of stock that could be superior to or adversely affect you as a holder of our common stock. Our Board of Directors has the power to authorize and issue shares of classes of stock, including preferred stock that have voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations and special rights, including preferred distribution rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation rights without further shareholder approval which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. In addition, our Board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing common stockholders. Any of these actions could significantly adversely affect the investment made by holders of our common stock. Holders of common stock could potentially not receive dividends that they might otherwise have received. In addition, holders of our common stock could receive less proceeds in connection with any future sale of the Company, whether in liquidation or on any other basis. We may, in the future, issue additional common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock. We currently have 70,524,209 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The future issuance of common stock will result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. - 24 - Table of Contents The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors. The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen because of broad market and industry factors, including the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located outside of the United States. In addition to market and industry factors, the price and trading volume for our common stock may be highly volatile for factors specific to our own operations, including the following: variations in our revenues, earnings and cash flow; announcements of new investments, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors; announcements of new offerings, solutions and expansions by us or our competitors; changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; detrimental adverse publicity about us, our brand, our services or our industry; additions or departures of key personnel; sales of additional equity securities; and potential litigation or regulatory investigations. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our common stock will trade. In the past, shareholders of public companies have often brought securities class action suits against those companies following periods of instability in the market price of their securities. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert a significant amount of our management s attention and other resources from our business and operations and require us to incur significant expenses to defend the suit, which could harm our results of operations. Any such class action suit, whether or not successful, could harm our reputation and restrict our ability to raise capital in the future. In addition, if a claim is successfully made against us, we may be required to pay significant damages, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to the penny stock rules, which will make shares of our common stock more difficult to sell. We are subject now and, in the future, may continue to be subject to the SEC s penny stock rules if our shares of common stock sell below 5.00 per share. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction, the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for shares of our common stock. As long as our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of common stock may find it more difficult to sell their securities. - 25 - Table of Contents The sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect their market price. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could materially impair our ability to raise capital through equity offerings in the future. Shares held by our existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions in Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities. We currently have 70,524,209 shares of common stock outstanding, with approximately 38.4 of the shares being held by affiliates. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our significant shareholders or any other shareholder or the availability of these securities for future sale will have on the market price of our common stock. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act and therefore may take advantage of certain reduced reporting requirements. Since we are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, we will take advantage of certain exemptions from requirements applicable to other public companies which are eligible to be considered emerging growth companies. Most significantly, we need not comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our headquarter and principal executive office are located at 7545 Irvine Center Dr., Ste 200, Irvine, California under an online virtual office agreement Lease with Regus Management Group, LLC Regus for a period of 12 months and auto-renewed thereafter for another 12 months with a current monthly rent of 115.00. Under this lease, we share virtual office space in Irvine, CA and Newport Beach, CA, respectively. We neither own any real property, nor own or have any mortgages on this or any other facilities. All employees, including the officers and directors, are working remotely in a distributed workforce setup via the use of virtual office technologies. Pursuant to the terms of the Lease, we are entitled to receive mailbox and telephone answering services, two (2) days of private office usage per month in the U.S. and five (5) days of private office usage per month globally at the spaces designated by Regus. We believe that this property is sufficient for our current and proposed business. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS On June 29, 2021, the Company filed a complaint against Messrs. Chenyuan Anthony Chen and Ang Hu (the Defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Orange (the Complaint ). Pursuant to a Consulting Agreement dated April 1, 2019, by and among the Company and the Defendants (the Consulting Agreement ), the Company issued to the Defendants 3,250,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Consulting Shares as compensation for certain consulting services to be performed by the Defendants. Pursuant to the Complaint, the Company alleges that the Defendants breached the Consulting Agreement by failing to perform such consulting services and thereby seeks injunctive relief to restrain Defendants from sales of the Consulting Shares, the cancellation of the Consulting Shares, and compensatory damages and legal fees. On July 11, 2022, the Company reached a legal settlement with the Defendants to have 3,090,000 of the Consulting Shares returned to the Company. The Consulting Shares have been cancelled as of September 29, 2022. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. - 26 - Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol VMNT . Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. There is no active trading market for our common stock. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our common stock in the future. As of March 30, 2023, we had 70,524,209 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001, issued, and outstanding. There were 69 beneficial owners of our common stock. Penny Stock Regulations The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our Common Stock is currently within the definition of a penny stock and will be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000, or annual incomes exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may limit the investors ability to buy and sell our stock. Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends since our inception. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our common stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends on our shares of common stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our Board of Directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future. Equity Compensation Plan Information The Company has a formal Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), adopted on March 25, 2015, which is filed as an exhibit and incorporated herein by reference. 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for awards in the Plan. - 27 - Table of Contents Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchaser We have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds From January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, we did not have any sales of equity securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, that have not been previously reported in a report filed pursuant to the Exchange Act. ITEM 6. [Reserved] Not Applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements. Overview Vemanti, incorporated on April 3, 2014, under the laws of the State of Nevada, is a technology-driven and fintech-focused company that seeks to be active in the emerging and high-growth markets of Vietnam and Southeast Asia. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, VoiceStep, we provide a one-stop solution with regard to business-class VoIP services to our SME customers in the United States. We began generating revenue from the sales of our VoiceStep products since its inception in 2014 but have incurred significant net losses since 2015. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate sufficient revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances that we will be successful or that our cash position will be sufficient to support our daily operations. Our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to continue to execute our operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available or will be available on terms acceptable to our Company. Accordingly, we may decide to exit our existing business and explore potential strategic alternatives, including establishing a new business, or target an existing business for acquisition, without restriction to any specific business, industry or geographical location. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates made by management include, among others, revenue recognition, recoverability of accounts receivable, investments and intangible assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. It is possible that accounting estimates and assumptions may be material to the Company due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved. - 28 - Table of Contents Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, the core principle of which is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, five basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligation(s) in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to performance obligation(s) in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company recognizes revenues derived from sub-leasing telecommunications infrastructure and the provision of telecommunications and colocation services. These revenues are accounted for as a single performance obligation satisfied over time because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the Company s performance on a monthly basis. These arrangements stipulate monthly billing, and the Company has elected the as invoiced practical expedient to recognize revenue as the services are consumed as the Company has the right to payment in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of performance completed to date. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to a governmental authority are reported on a net basis and are excluded from revenue. Most revenue is billed in advance on a fixed-rate basis. The remainder of revenue is billed in arrears on a transactional basis determined by customer usage. The Company often bills customers for upfront charges. These charges relate to down payments or prepayments for future services or equipment and are influenced by various business factors including how the Company and customer agree to structure the payment terms. These payments are recognized as deferred revenue until the service is provided or equipment is delivered and installed. All ongoing fees are billed and recognized as revenue on a monthly basis as service is provided. Intangible Assets The Company holds intangible assets with finite lives. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, ranging from three to ten years, based on a pattern in which the economic benefit of the respective intangible asset is realized. Identifiable intangible assets recognized in conjunction with acquisitions are recorded at fair value. Significant unobservable inputs are used to determine the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets based on the income approach valuation model whereby the present worth and anticipated future benefits of the identifiable intangible assets were discounted back to their net present value. The Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible asset carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company annually evaluates the remaining useful lives of all intangible assets to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Recent Authoritative Guidance In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , to address the complexity in accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. This ASU significantly changes the guidance on the issuer s accounting for convertible instruments and the guidance on the derivative scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity so that fewer conversion features will require separate recognition, and fewer freestanding instruments, like warrants with require liability treatment. ASU 2020-06 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2021. This guidance was adopted on January 1, 2022, and at December 31, 2022, there is no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statement and disclosures. - 29 - Table of Contents In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-04, Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options a Consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force . There has been diversity in accounting for modifications of equity-classified warrants due to a lack of explicit guidance in the Codification. Some entities recognize an expense, while other record a dividend for an economically similar warrant modification. The FASB issued the ASU to reduce this diversity and establish a principles-based recognition framework according to the substance of the modification transaction. ASU 2021-04 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim period within those fiscal years. This guidance was adopted on January 1, 2022, and at December 31, 2022, there is no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statement and disclosures. Management does not believe any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncement, if adopted, would have a material impact effect on the Company s present or future financial statements. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 2022 2021 Amount Amount Sales 138,731 147,950 Cost of sales 23,159 22,241 Gross margin 115,572 125,709 Total other income (expense) net (32 (7,298 Total operating expenses 1,152,842 1,741,885 Income taxes (919 (1,650 Net loss (1,038,221 (1,625,124 Revenues Revenues were 138,731for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 9,219 or 6.2 , compared to 147,950 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the abundant supply of telecommunications applications that provide free-of-charge video chats and voice calls between computers, tablets, and mobile devices over the internet which led to a drop in demand for VoiceStep payment-based voice services. Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin Gross profit was 115,572 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 125,709 for the same period of 2021. Our gross profit margin decreased slightly from 85 to 83 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was mainly due to the increase in costs from some of our wholesale service providers during the year. General and Administrative (G A) Expenses G A expenses were 1,136,764 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,741,885 for the same period in 2021, representing a decrease of 605,121 or 35 . The decrease was mainly due to the reduction of expenses and compensation paid to outside consultants and contractors related to the Company s development and investment in its Vemanti Dollar USDV ), an ERC-20 1:1 USD-pegged stablecoin, which was ended during the year. Operating Loss Total operating loss was 1,037,270 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,616,176 for the same period of 2021, representing a decrease of 578,906 or 36 . The decrease was mainly due to decreased expenses and compensation paid to outside consultants and contractors related to the development and investment in the USDV stablecoin. - 30 - Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no significant deferred tax assets, except for a net operating loss carryforward for which a 100 valuation allowance has been provided. The Company annually conducts an analysis of its tax positions and has concluded that it has no uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The 2019 to 2022 tax years are still subject to federal audit. The 2018 to 2022 tax years are still subject to state audit. The Company had 2,092,905 and 2,679,077 of net operating loss carryforwards available as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for Federal and state tax purposes. The federal net operating loss carryforward does not expire while the state net operating losses expire in various years through 2041. Net Loss As a result of the above factors, we had a net loss of 1,038,221 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 1,625,124 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Historically, our primary uses of cash have been to finance working capital needs. We expect that we will be able to meet our needs to fund operations, capital expenditures and other commitments in the next 12 months primarily with our cash balance and operating cash flows. We may need to raise additional capital to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our Company in the future. Our current resources may be insufficient to satisfy all of our cash requirements and we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. Our future operations may be dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. Currently, the Company has sufficient cash to remain in business for the next 12 months. The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated. Item For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities 381,811 477,557 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 5,886 (10,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 337,500 540,000 Net increase (decrease) in cash (38,425 52,443 Cash at the beginning of period 295,937 243,494 Cash at the end of period 257,512 295,937 Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 381,811 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 477,557 used in operating activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the net losses incurred from the initial development of the USDV, which was ended during the year. - 31 - Table of Contents Investing Activities Net cash provided by investing activities was 5,886 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 10,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to selling the cryptocurrency in 2022 that was purchased in 2021. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 337,500 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 540,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to issuances of a smaller amount of common stock for cash in 2022 than in 2021. Also, in 2021, the Company received a 125,000 loan from a stockholder. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. - 32 - Table of Contents 18012 Sky Park Circle, Suite 200 Irvine, California 92614 tel 949-852-1600 fax 949-852-1606 www.rjicpas.com Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Vemanti Group, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vemanti Group, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Intangible Assets Critical Audit Matter Description As discussed in Note -7 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company reviewed the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine whether the costs are properly capitalized, properly amortized and tested such costs for possible impairment. How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in our Audit We identified the valuation of intangible assets as a critical audit matter as subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate whether intangible assets were properly capitalized and amortized and to assess whether there was any impairment. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter: Evaluated and discussed with management, their analysis over the valuation and accounting treatment over intangible assets; Obtained a schedule of how intangible assets were allocated; Evaluated the value of the intangible assets as the date of acquisition; Tested the amortization of the balance of intangible assets to ensure amortization was in compliance with the appropriate accounting guidance; and Tested the balance for possible impairment by examining management s impairment analysis. We have served as Company's auditor since 2017 March 30, 2023 PCAOB ID # - 33 - Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA VEMANTI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Due from Fvndit, Inc. Digital assets Total current assets Equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses Loan from stockholder Total current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding. Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. - 34 - Table of Contents VEMANTI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Sales Cost of sales Gross margin Operating expenses: General and administrative expenses Amortization expense Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Other expense Unrealized loss Total other expense Loss before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Loss per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. - 35 - Table of Contents VEMANTI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance, December 31, 2020 Stock issued for professional services - Stock issued for cash - Net loss - - Balance, December 31, 2021 Stock issued for professional services - Stock issued for cash - Stock cancelled - Net loss - - Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. - 36 - Table of Contents VEMANTI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Amortization expense Unrealized (gain)/loss from investment in Fvndit digital assets Impairment of digital assets Loss on sale of digital assets Stock-based compensation Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Other current assets Prepaid expenses Accounts payable Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenues Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Sale (purchase) of digital assets Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Loan from shareholder Issuance of common stock for cash Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash Cash, beginning of the year Cash, end of the year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash flow investing and financing activities: Accrued stock-based compensation Supplemental disclosure of non-cash flow investing and financing activities: Exchange of Due from Fvndit for intangible assets Receipt of intangible assets for assets Exchange of other assets for intangible assets The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. - 37 - Table of Contents of his membership interest in VoiceStep for shares of Vemanti s common stock and shares of Vemanti s preferred stock. Vemanti and its wholly owned subsidiary, VoiceStep is hereafter referred to as the Company. The Company closed MedicatedOne a wholly owned subsidiary during the second quarter of 2017. The Company is a technology-driven holding company that seeks to be active in high-growth and emerging markets. Its core strengths are in technology development and investment. It drives growth through acquisition and investment in disruptive and foundational technologies by targeting early-stage companies that have market viable products or by starting a new subsidiary of its own. Strategically, it focuses mainly on blockchain projects and applications combined with other emerging technologies, including machine learning/AI, security and internet of things (IoT). Currently, through VoiceStep, the Company provides a one-stop resource for IP (Internet Protocol) communication needs. VoiceStep s network offers availability, coverage and flexibility, and enables the following technology solutions: unified communications, data center services, content delivery, voice over IP (VoIP) and cloud computing. VoiceStep's core customer base is largely made up of wholesale International prepaid calling operators. That aspect of its business has eroded drastically due to wide consumer adoption of free messaging apps such as Viber, WhatsApp, Facebook, Facetime, WeChat, etc. Its declined year over year revenues are a result of those wholesale customers slowly exiting the market. It is now focusing mostly on small business customers with better retention. Management s Plans The Company reported net losses in the amount of and , in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and used cash in operating activities in the amount of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and positive working capital in the amount of and total stockholders equity of . Due to the global and distributed nature of the workforce, businesses today demands service providers to offer not only simple voice and data services, but also fully integrated productivity and collaboration tools such as Customer Relationship Management (CRM), call center, team and video messaging, and e conferencing to bring their teams and customers together on one single business communications platform. In order to match those demands, the Company would need to revamp and re-engineer its current platform as well as adding a large team of product and business developers which would require a sizable upfront investment. Currently, the Company simply does not have the capital committed for such development, so there are no plans to further grow VoiceStep s core business. Furthermore, the market is already saturated with much more established players. Going forward, the Company will focus its business development activities in the fintech sector to achieve future revenues and profits. Management believes it will be able to generate sufficient cash from operating activities to fully operate the Company during 2023 and beyond. - 38 - Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivables Customer Concentration and of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The total accounts receivable balance for these four customers amounted to as of December 31, 2022, and approximately as of December 31, 2021. Equipment years Computer equipment years - 39 - Table of Contents Long-Lived Assets Revenue Recognition - 40 - Table of Contents Income Taxes Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share Fair Value Measurements - 41 - Table of Contents Purchase (sale) of cryptocurrencies Impairment Ending balance The Company did not record fair value gains (losses) associated with its digital assets. Cryptocurrencies were classified as intangible assets, and the Company continuously tested these assets for impairment. Computer equipment Less accumulated depreciation Equipment, net Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. - 42 - Table of Contents days of occurrence of termination event by the last remaining Member in writing. . Equity Commitment Agreement On March 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Investment Agreement (the "Equity Agreement with Alpha Sigma Capital Fund, LP ("Alpha Sigma Capital or "Alpha ). The Equity Agreement outlines an investment structure of up to M from Alpha into the Company, allowing the Company to immediately accelerate its business initiatives with PVcomBank under its -year partnership agreement. On March 15, 2022, the Company received a Put Notice under this Equity Agreement of from Alpha for which it issued shares of common stock and a warrant allowing the investor to purchase up to in common stock until its expiration under the terms described in the Equity Agreement. On August 24, 2022, the Company engaged Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. to act as its exclusive financial advisor on a capital raise of up to twenty million and its up list to the NASDAQ or NYSE. As part of the agreement, the Company will pay a non-refundable equity fee (the Advisory Fee of seven hundred and fifty thousand shares ) shares of common stock of the Company deliverable at the time of signing this engagement agreement and two hundred and fifty thousand ) shares of common stock of the Company deliverable ninety (90) days after signing the engagement agreement. As an additional compensation for Network 1 s services, the Company shall issue Network 1 at each closing, Preferred stock The Company has authorized the issuance of shares of preferred stock, par value. At both December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The Articles of Incorporation were amended on May 1, 2014, designating shares of authorized and issued preferred stock of the Company as Series A Preferred Stock with voting rights, preferences and powers such that of Series A Preferred stock while the shares of Common Stock shall have one vote per share. There are 40,000,000 of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. - 43 - Table of Contents shares of common stock, par value. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had shares and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock for cash of , and shares of its common stock valued at to consultants in exchange for professional services. On July 11, 2022, the Company reached a legal settlement with Messrs. Chenyuan Anthony Chen and Ang Hu regarding to the issuance of consulting shares as compensation for certain consulting services to be performed by the defendants. The Defendants agreed to have of the consulting shares returned to the Company and the Company cancelled those shares. Stock Incentive Plan On March 25, 2015, the Company adopted a stock incentive plan. This plan allows the Board of Directors to issue up to shares of common stock to employees, directors, or consultants of the Company or its affiliates under terms determined by the Board of Directors. This plan automatically terminates ten years from its date of adoption. As of the date of this report, no stock has been issued under this plan. Time-Based Restricted Stock Time-based restricted stock units RSU and restricted stock awards RSA granted to employees under the 2015 Plan typically vest over to years and are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the vesting or lapse of the restrictions, as applicable. RSUs are not considered issued or outstanding common stock until they vest. RSAs are considered issued and outstanding on the grant date and are subject to forfeiture if specified vesting conditions are not satisfied. There are no issued or outstanding RSAs. The following table summarizes the activity related to RSUs subject to time-based vesting requirements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: Granted Vested Forfeited Non-vested as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 As of December 31, 2022, there was of remaining unamortized stock-based compensation expense associated with RSUs, which will be recognized over a weighted average remaining service period of approximately years. The outstanding non-vested and expected to vest RSUs have an aggregate intrinsic value of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. - 44 - Table of Contents investment in Directus Holdings, Inc., which owns eLoan, JSC eLoan ), a fintech company based in Vietnam, for . Half of the investment was made through a cash payment of , and the remaining half of the investment was made through the issuance of shares of Vemanti Group s common stock to the Founders of eLoan. On December 19, 2018, Directus Holdings, Inc. filed a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to the State of Nevada for its corporation name to be changed to Fvndit, Inc. On October 5, 2020, Fvndit issued shares of common stock to Tan Tran, CEO and majority shareholder of Vemanti. The issuance raised the total number of Fvndit outstanding shares to . Mr. Tran and Vemanti together owned shares or of total Fvndit outstanding shares at that time. On March 16, 2021, Tan Tran resigned as an Officer and Director of Fvndit. On that same date, Fvndit issued shares of common stock to Thomas Duc Tran (unaffiliated with Tan Tran), and appointed him as the Chairman, CEO, President, Secretary, and Treasurer of Fvndit. The issuance raised the total number of Fvndit outstanding shares to . As a result, Mr. Tran and Vemanti together held of total Fvndit outstanding shares. This investment had been accounted for under the cost method of accounting since March 16, 2021. On June 16, 2022, pursuant to the terms of a stock purchase agreement, Fvndit purchased from the Company all of the shares of Fvndit s common stock currently owned by the Company and certain accounts receivable of approximately that were due from Fvndit to the Company. As a result of the sale, the Company no longer owns any shares of Fvndit (see note 7). As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, this investment had a balance of and , respectively, and is reflected in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Acquired intangible assets: Proprietary Information Impairment Amortization - Ending balance - The proprietary information has a useful life of years and is amortized accordingly. Amortization of intangible assets over the next five years is estimated to be . The Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible asset carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company annually evaluates the remaining useful lives of all intangible assets to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. The Company has performed an impairment analysis and has determined that there is currently no impairment. - 45 - Table of Contents State income taxes Permanent differences Valuation allowance - - Effective rate As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no significant deferred tax assets, except for a net operating loss carryforward for which a valuation allowance has been provided. The Company annually conducts an analysis of its tax positions and has concluded that it has no uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The 2019 to 2022 tax years are still subject to federal audit. The 2018 to 2022 tax years are still subject to state audit. The Company had and of net operating loss carryforwards available as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for Federal and state tax purposes. The federal net operating loss carryforward does not expire while the state net operating losses expire in various years through 2041. in 2021. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the total of those health insurance premiums was . Such costs are reflected as a component of general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. No other payments were made to the CEO in 2021 or for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Company pays a member of the CEO s family for technical services. The total of those payments was in 2021. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the total of those payments was . Such costs are reflected as a component of general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. On August 6, 2021, the Company borrowed from the CEO. The loan will mature and become payable months from the date of signing. Interest at the rate of will be accrued on the outstanding balance. As of August 5, 2022, this loan s maturity date was extended to . - 46 - Table of Contents shares of the Company s common stock (the Consulting Shares as compensation for certain consulting services to be performed by the Defendants. Pursuant to the Complaint, the Company alleges that the Defendants breached the Consulting Agreement by failing to perform such consulting services and thereby seeks injunctive relief to restrain Defendants from sales of the Consulting Shares, the cancellation of the Consulting Shares, and compensatory damages and legal fees. On July 11, 2022, the Company reached a legal settlement with the Defendants to have of the Consulting Shares returned to the Company. The Consulting Shares have been cancelled as of September 29, 2022. common shares to consultants in exchange for consulting services rendered to the Company. On March 3, 2023, the Company entered into a contract with Finastra International Limited to provide software and support to further build-out and enhance the Vemanti SME platform in conjunction with its partnership with PVcomBank. - 47 - Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not, in design and operation, effective at a reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Because of our limited operations, we have a limited number of employees, which prohibits a segregation of duties. In addition, we lack an audit committee and a financial expert as a member of our audit committee. As we grow and expand our operations, we will engage additional employees and experts as needed. However, there can be no assurance that our operations will expand. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. - 48 - Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having two officers and limited resources. The Company does not have an independent Board of Directors, an Audit Committee, or a financial expert as a member of the Audit Committee. The Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. We plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing an independent Board of Directors, appointing a financial expert as a member of the Audit Committee, establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel as we grow and expand our operations. Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this annual report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. - 49 - Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth information regarding our current directors and executive officers: Name Age Position Tan Tran 58 Chief Executive Officer, Director Stephen R. Jones 56 Chief Financial Officer Tan Tran: Mr. Tran has been our Company s Chairman and Director since the Company s inception in April 2014. Mr. Tran has also served, full time, as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer since April 2014. He co-founded VoiceStep in 2004. From October 2018 to March 2021, Mr. Tran served as an Officer and Director for Fvndit. Since founding Vemanti Group, Tan has worked to share Vemanti s strategy and vision with customers, partners, shareholders, and investors. His mission is to turn Vemanti into an investment and incubation platform for emerging companies with great growth potential, especially in Vietnam, which continues to be an economic force on both a regional and global scale. He holds a B.S.E.E. from California State University, Fullerton. Mr. Tran s management and extensive experience and his role as founder of VoiceStep led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director of Vemanti. Stephen R. Jones: Mr. Jones has been our Company s Chief Financial Officer since September 2021. From 2019 to 2021, Mr. Jones served as the Chief Financial Officer of DreamPlex, a company incorporated under the laws of Vietnam, directing the day-to-day financial operations and strategic planning and overseeing accounting, treasury, tax, risk management, procurement, and IT operations. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Jones served as the Chief Operating Officer of HMB, Inc. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Jones served as the Chief Financial Officer of VietnamWorks. Mr. Jones holds a BA from Vanderbilt University and an MBA from the University of Cincinnati. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between our director or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years no current director, executive officer, promoter, or control person of the Company has been involved in the following: (1) A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; (2) Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: - 50 - Table of Contents i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; (4) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; (5) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; (6) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; (7) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (8) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Election of Directors and Officers Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Audit Committee We do not currently have any committees of the Board, as we only have one director. We do not have an audit committee financial expert. - 51 - Table of Contents Director Independence We do not currently have any independent directors. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. Code of Ethics The Company adopted a code of ethics policy to apply to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions on February 23, 2016. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and anyone who beneficially owns ten percent (10 or more of our Common Stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of Common Stock. Anyone required to file such reports also need to provide us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of (i) copies of the Section 16(a) filings received during or with respect to 2021 and (ii) certain written representations of our officers and directors, we believe that all filings required to be made pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during and with respect to 2022 were filed in a timely manner. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our named executive officers with compensation exceeding 100,000 during 2022 and 2021. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Option Awards )(2) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Tan Tran 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - Employment Agreements with Key Executives Pursuant to a Consultant Agreement dated September 7, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Stephen R. Jones as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, replacing Tan Tran. Mr. Jones will receive compensation for his services in connection with this appointment as outlined below: - Month 1: 2,500 - Month 2: 3,000 - Month 3: 3,500 - Month 4: 4,000 - Month 5: 4,500 - Month 6 and beyond: 5,000 In addition to the above, the Company will issue one million two hundred thousand (1,200,000) shares of the Company s restricted common stock to Mr. Jones, to be earned and issued over forty-eight (48) months at the rate of twenty-five thousand (25,000) shares per month from September 7, 2021. Director Compensation There is currently no agreement or arrangement to pay any of our Directors for their services as directors. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, no members of our Board of Directors received compensation in their capacity as Directors. - 52 - Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End There are no current outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. Long-Term Incentive Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits. Compensation Committee We currently do not have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors as a whole determines executive compensation. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table lists, as of March 30, 2023, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each of our directors (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder s address is c/o Vemanti Group, Inc., 7545 Irvine Center Dr., Suite 200, Irvine CA, 93618. The percentages below are calculated based on 70,524,209 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Percentage Voting Power Total Combined Voting Power Executive Officers and Directors: Tan Tran (1) Common: 26,655,000 37.8 37.8 Preferred: 40,000,000 100 100 90.6 Stephen R. Jones (2) Common: 400,000 0.6 0.6 0 Preferred: 0 All officers and directors as a group of (2 persons) 5 or Greater Holders: Tan Tran (1) Common: 26,655,000 37.8 37.8 Preferred: 40,000,000 100 100 90.6 ____________ (1) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has the right to 10 votes per each share of common stock. (2) Mr. Jones was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer as of September 7, 2021. As of March 30, 2023, he holds 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock through Edgar Holdings Group Limited. - 53 - Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Certain Relationships and Related Transactions On August 9, 2019, Vemanti entered into an agreement to lend 200,000 to Fvndit for the purpose of developing a peer-to-peer business lending platform operating in Vietnam. The annual interest rate on the loan was 10.5 payable monthly to Vemanti. On August 12, 2019, Fvndit drew down the full 200,000. The entire loan was subsequently repaid in full by August 12, 2020. On October 5, 2020, Fvndit issued 500,000 shares of common stock to Tan Tran, CEO and majority shareholder of Vemanti. Mr. Tran and Vemanti together owned 8,500,000 shares or 20.99 of Fvndit s total outstanding shares. On June 16, 2022, the Company sold all of the shares of Fvndit s common stock then owned by the Company and certain accounts receivable of approximately 25,000 that were due from Fvndit to the Company in consideration for certain assets of Fvndit related to providing a peer-to-peer investment marketplace in Vietnam that matches companies needing working capital funds with investors wishing to provide those funds. As a result of the sale, the Company no longer owns any shares of Fvndit. Tan Tran served as an Officer and Director for Fvndit from October 2018 until March 2021, when he resigned. Tan Tran is not affiliated with Thomas Duc Tran, who was appointed Chairman, CEO, President, Secretary, and Treasurer of Fvndit on March 16, 2021. Material Transactions with Related Parties The Company pays the Chief Executive Officer for professional services. The total of those payments was 0 in 2022 and 0 in 2021. VoiceStep pays a member of the Chief Executive Officer s family for technical services. The total of those payments was 60,225 in 2022 and 53,500 in 2021. On August 6, 2021 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Mr. Tan Tran (the Lender ), our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, and Chairman, pursuant to which the Lender agreed to provide a loan in the principal amount of up to 125,000 (the Loan ). Subject to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Company may draw down an amount of the principal amount of the Loan on one or more occasions during a period between the Effective Date and 12 months from the Effective Date by giving written notification to the Lender. The purpose of the funds is to augment working capital for the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Vemanti Digital, Ltd. The Loan matures on the date that is 12 months following the Effective Date and bears interest at a rate of one percent (1 per annum. The maturity date on the loan was extended to August 5, 2023. The Loan Agreement contains certain events of default. In the event of a default, at its option, the Lender may consider the Loan immediately due and payable. - 54 - Table of Contents Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions Given our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. Director Independence Our Board of Directors is currently composed of one member, Mr. Tan Tran, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of Nasdaq. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Aggregate fees for professional services rendered to us by our independent registered public accounting firm, , for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were: 2022 2021 Audit Fees 64,537 53,186 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees 9,780 - Total 74,317 53,186 The Audit Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were for services rendered for audits and quarterly reviews of our consolidated financial statements, consents and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. The Audit-Related Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were for services rendered for due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions and employee benefit plan audits and compilations. The Tax Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were for professional services related to tax return preparation and review, tax audit assistance, tax planning and tax advice. All Other Fees for services rendered the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were for miscellaneous services rendered. We do not currently have any committees of the Board, as we only have one director. - 55 - Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) (1) Financial Statements. The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed in the index to financial statements at the beginning of this document. (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules. Financial statement schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or the notes thereto. (a) (3) Exhibits. The exhibits are either filed with this report or incorporated by reference into this report. See (b) Exhibits, which follows. (b) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description of Document 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of VoiceStep Telecom, LLC dated January 27, 2005. 3.2 Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated April 3, 2014. 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated May 1, 2014. 3.5 Bylaws of the Company. 4.1 Warrant Agreement dated March 11, 2022 issued by Vemanti Group Inc. to Alpha Sigma Capital Fund, LP 10.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement between Mark Wehberg and Tan Tran dated January 22, 2014. 10.2 Contribution Agreement between the Company and Tan Tran dated April 3, 2014. 10.3 Note Agreement between the Company and Chopp, Inc. dated July 17, 2018. 10.4 Note Cancellation Agreement between the Company and Chopp. Inc. dated June 27, 2019. 10.5 Definitive Agreement between the Company, eLoan Joint Stock Company, eLoan Qualified Shareholders, eLoan Holdings Vietnam Joint Stock Company and Directus Holdings, Inc. dated July 10, 2018. 10.6 Investment Agreement (short form) between the Company, eLoan Joint Stock Company and the eLoan Qualified Shareholders dated January 26, 2018. 10.7 Loan Agreement between the Company and Fvndit, Inc. dated August 9, 2019. 10.8 Form of VoiceStep Business Communications Service Agreement. 10.9 Loan Agreement between the Company and Mr. Tan Tran dated August 6, 2021. 10.10 Equity Financing Agreement dated October 25, 2022, by and between Vemanti Group Inc., and Jefferson Street Capital, LLC. 10.11 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 25, 2022, by and between Vemanti Group Inc., and Jefferson Street Capital, LLC. 10.12 Equity Commitment Agreement, dated March 11, 2022, by and between Vemanti Group Inc., and Alpha Sigma Capital Fund, LP 10.13 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Company 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 9, 2021. Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021. Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022. Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. - 56 - Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. VEMANTI GROUP, INC. Dated: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Tan Tran Tan Tran Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. By: /s/ Tan Tran Title: Director Date: March 30, 2023 - 57 - 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 vemanti_ex1013.htm
 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
 vemanti_ex1013.htm EXHIBIT 10.13 VEMANTI GROUP, INC. 2015 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN ARTICLE I -- PREAMBLE 1.1 This Vemanti Group, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan is intended to secure for the Vemanti Group, Inc., (the Company and its Affiliates the benefits arising from ownership of the Company's Common Stock by the Employees, Officers, Directors and Qualified Consultants of the Company and its Affiliates, all of whom are and will be responsible for the Company's future growth. The Plan is designed to help attract and retain for the Company and its Affiliates personnel of superior ability for positions of exceptional responsibility, to reward Employees, Officers, Directors, Regional and National Training Directors and Consultants for their services and to motivate such individuals through added incentives to further contribute to the success of the Company and its Affiliates. 1.2 Awards under the Plan may be made to an Eligible Person in the form of (i) Nonqualified Stock Options; (ii) Restricted Stock; (iii) Stock Awards; (iv) Performance Shares; or (v) any combination of the foregoing. 1.3 The Company s board of directors adopted the Plan on March 25, 2015. The Plan shall be effective March 25, 2015 (the "Effective Date"), subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company to the extent necessary to satisfy the requirements of the Code, the Act, or other applicable federal or state law. Unless sooner terminated as provided elsewhere in this Plan, this Plan shall terminate upon the close of business on the day next preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective Date and may be terminated on any earlier date pursuant to this Section 1.3. Award Agreements outstanding on such date shall continue to have force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof. 1.4 The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada (except its choice-of-law provisions). 1.5 Capitalized terms shall have the meaning provided in Article II unless otherwise provided in this Plan or any related Award Agreement. ARTICLE II -- DEFINITIONS DEFINITIONS. Except where the context otherwise indicates, the following definitions apply: "Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or as hereafter amended. "Affiliate" means any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company, whether now or hereinafter existing, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code. "Award" means an award granted to a Participant in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Stock Awards, Performance Shares, or any combination of the foregoing. "Award Agreement" means the separate written agreement evidencing each Award granted to a Participant under the Plan. "Board of Directors" or Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. "Committee" means a committee of two or more members of the Board appointed by the Board in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. "Common Stock" means the Company s common stock, par value .0001 per share. "Company" means Vemanti Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation. "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render bona fide consulting or advisory services to the Company or an Affiliate, other than as an Employee, Director or Non-Employee Director. "Director" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. "Disability" means the permanent and total disability of a person within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. "Effective Date" shall be the date set forth in Section 1.3 of the Plan. "Eligible Employee" means an Eligible Person who is an Employee of the Company or any Affiliate. "Eligible Person" means any Employee, Officer, Director, Non-Employee Director, Regional and National Training Director, or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate, except for instances where services are in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, or they directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities, subject to any other limitations as may be provided by the Code, the Act, or the Board. In making such determinations, the Board may take into account the nature of the services rendered by such person, his or her present and potential contribution to the Company s success, and such other factors as the Board in its discretion shall deem relevant. "Employee" means an individual who is a common-law employee of the Company or an Affiliate including employment as an Officer. Mere service as a Director or payment of a director's fee by the Company or an Affiliate shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company or an Affiliate. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as now in effect or as hereafter amended. "Fair Market Value" means: (a) for purposes of an Incentive Stock Option, if there is a market for the Company s stock, on a stock exchange or in an over-the-counter market, or otherwise, the Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the highest and lowest quoted selling prices on the valuation date of the Incentive Stock Option, or if there were no sales of the Company s Common Stock on the valuation date, the Fair Market Value shall be the weighted average of the means between the highest and lowest sales on the nearest date before and the nearest date after the valuation date. If a valuation pursuant to this paragraph is not available, the appropriate method described in Section 20.2031-2 of the Treasury Regulations adopted under the Code shall be used for the Fair Market Value, and 2 (b) for all other purposes, the mean between the highest and lowest quoted selling prices of the Common Stock (if actual sales price information on such trading day is not available, the mean between the bona fide bid and asked prices on such trading day shall be used) on the trading day immediately prior to the date on which a determination is being made pursuant to this Section 2.19 (the Mean Selling Price ), as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System NASDAQ ), or if the Common Stock is not traded on NASDAQ, the Mean Selling Price in the over-the-counter market; provided, however, that if the Common Stock is listed on a stock exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the Mean Selling Price on such exchange; and, provided further, that if the Common Stock is not quoted or listed by any organization, the fair value of the Common Stock, as determined by the Board, whose determination shall be conclusive, shall be used. In no event shall the Fair Market Value of any share of Common Stock be less than its par value. "Grant Date" means, as to any Award, the latest of: (a) the date on which the Board authorizes the grant of the Award; or (b) the date the Participant receiving the Award becomes an Employee or a Director of the Company or its Affiliate, to the extent employment status is a condition of the grant or a requirement of the Code or the Act; or (c) such other date (later than the dates described in (a) and (b) above) as the Board may designate and as set forth in the Participant's Award Agreement. "Immediate Family" means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law and shall include adoptive relationships. "Nonqualified Stock Option" means a Stock Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option and is not so designated in the Participant's Award Agreement. "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Act. "Option Period" means the period during which a Stock Option may be exercised from time to time, as established by the Board and set forth in the Award Agreement for each Participant who is granted a Stock Option. "Option Price" means the purchase price for a share of Common Stock subject to purchase pursuant to a Stock Option, as established by the Board and set forth in the Award Agreement for each Participant who is granted a Stock Option. "Participant" means an Eligible Person to whom an Award has been granted and who has entered into an Award Agreement evidencing the Award or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. "Plan" means this Vemanti Group, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. "Reporting Person" means a person required to file reports under Section 16(a) of the Act. "Restricted Stock" means an Award under Article V of the Plan of shares of Common Stock that are at the time of the Award subject to restrictions or limitations as to the Participant's ability to sell, transfer, pledge or assign such shares, which restrictions or limitations may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times, in installments or otherwise, as the Board, in its sole discretion, shall determine at the time of such Award and set forth in a Participant's Award Agreement. All Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following: Each certificate representing the Restricted Stock shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities or blue sky laws): 3 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR VEMANTI GROUP, INC. SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED. The Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly until ownership of the Restricted Securities shall have vested, any time periods restricting the sale have expired, and the holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company that such Restricted Security can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The Eligible Person receiving the shares has no right to require the Company to register any Restricted Securities. "Restriction Period" means the period commencing on the Grant Date with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock and ending on such date as the Board, in its sole discretion, shall establish and set forth in a Participant's Award Agreement. "Retirement" means retirement as determined under procedures established by the Board or in any Award, as set forth in a Participant's Award Agreement. "Stock Award" means an Award of shares of Common Stock under Article VIII of the Plan. 2.40 "Stock Option" means an Award under Article IV of the Plan of an option to purchase Common Stock. A Stock Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. "Ten Percent Stockholder" means an individual who owns (or is deemed to own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code), at the time of grant, stock possessing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any of its Affiliates. "Termination of Service" means (i) in the case of an Eligible Employee, the discontinuance of employment of such Participant with the Company or its Affiliates for any reason and (ii) in the case of a Director who is not an Employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the date such Participant ceases to serve as a Director. The determination of whether a Participant has discontinued service shall be made by the Board in its sole discretion. In determining whether a Termination of Service has occurred, the Board may provide that service as a Consultant or service with a business enterprise in which the Company has a significant ownership interest shall be treated as employment with the Company. 4 ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATION 3.1 The Plan shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Board shall have the exclusive right to interpret and construe the Plan, to select the Eligible Persons who shall receive an Award, and to act in all matters pertaining to the grant of an Award and the determination and interpretation of the provisions of the related Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the determination of the number of shares subject to Stock Options and the Option Period(s) and Option Price(s) thereof, the number of shares of Restricted Stock or shares subject to Stock Awards or Performance Shares subject to an Award, the vesting periods (if any) and the form, terms, conditions and duration of each Award, and any amendment thereof consistent with the provisions of the Plan. The Board may adopt, establish, amend and rescind such rules, regulations and procedures as it may deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan, make all other determinations which are, in the Board s judgment, necessary or desirable for the proper administration of the Plan, amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in Article XI, and terminate or suspend the Plan as provided in Article XI. All acts, determinations and decisions of the Board made or taken pursuant to the Plan or with respect to any questions arising in connection with the administration and interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement, including the severability of any and all of the provisions thereof, shall be conclusive, final and binding upon all persons. 3.2 The Board may, to the full extent permitted by and consistent with applicable law and the Company s Bylaws, and subject to Subparagraph 3.2(b) herein below, delegate any or all of its powers with respect to the administration of the Plan to a Committee consisting of not fewer than two members of the Board each of whom shall qualify (at the time of appointment to the Committee and during all periods of service on the Committee) in all respects as a Non-Employee Director and as an Outside Director. (a) If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in the Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not consistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. (b) The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and reassume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Committee. (c) In addition to, and not in limitation of, the right of any Committee so designated by the Board to administer this Plan to grant Awards to Eligible Persons under this Plan, the full Board of Directors may from time to time grant Awards to Eligible Persons pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Plan, subject to the requirements of the Code or any other applicable law, rule or regulation. In connection with any such grants, the Board of Directors shall have all of the power and authority of the Committee to determine the Eligible Persons to whom such Awards shall be granted and the other terms and conditions of such Awards. 3.3 Without limiting the provisions of this Article III, and subject to the provisions of Article X, the Board is authorized to take such action as it determines to be necessary or advisable, and fair and equitable to Participants and to the Company. Such action may include, but shall not be limited to, establishing, amending or waiving the form, terms, conditions and duration of an Award and the related Award Agreement, so as to provide for earlier, later, extended or additional times for exercise or payments, differing methods for calculating payments, alternate forms and amounts of payment, an accelerated release of restrictions or other modifications. The Board may take such actions pursuant to this Section 3.3 by adopting rules and regulations of general applicability to all Participants or to certain categories of Participants, by including, amending or waiving terms and conditions in an Award and the related Award Agreement, or by taking action with respect to individual Participants from time to time. 5 3.4 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.9, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be five million (5,000,000) shares. Such shares of Common Stock shall be made available from authorized and unissued shares of the Company. (a) For all purposes under the Plan, each Performance Share awarded shall be counted as one share of Common Stock subject to an Award. (b) If, for any reason, any shares of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock subject to Performance Shares) that have been awarded or are subject to issuance or purchase pursuant to Awards outstanding under the Plan are not delivered or purchased, or are reacquired by the Company, for any reason, including but not limited to a forfeiture of Restricted Stock or failure to earn Performance Shares or the termination, expiration or cancellation of a Stock Option, or any other termination of an Award without payment being made in the form of shares of Common Stock (whether or not Restricted Stock), such shares of Common Stock shall not be charged against the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for Award under the Plan and shall again be available for Awards under the Plan. In no event, however, may Common Stock that is surrendered or withheld to pay the exercise price of a Stock Option or to satisfy tax withholding requirements be available for future grants under the Plan. (c) The foregoing subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 3.4 shall be subject to any limitations provided by the Code or by any other applicable law, rule or regulation. 3.5 Each Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a written Award Agreement, which shall be subject to and shall incorporate (by reference or otherwise) the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include any other terms and conditions (not inconsistent with the Plan) required by the Board. 3.6 The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates for shares of Common Stock under the Plan prior to the shares of Common Stock are fully vested or an Option is exercised and fully paid. 3.7 The Board may require any Participant acquiring shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Award under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the shares of Common Stock for investment purposes and without a view to resale or distribution thereof. Shares of Common Stock issued and delivered under the Plan shall also be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Board may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed and any applicable federal or state laws, and the Board may cause a legend or legends to be placed on the certificate or certificates representing any such shares to make appropriate reference to any such restrictions. In making such determination, the Board may rely upon an opinion of counsel for the Company. 3.8 Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in an Award Agreement with respect to an Award, no Participant shall have any right as a shareholder of the Company with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to such Participant's Award except to the extent that, and until, one or more certificates representing such shares of Common Stock shall have been delivered to the Participant. No shares shall be required to be issued, and no certificates shall be required to be delivered, under the Plan unless and until all of the terms and conditions applicable to such Award shall have, in the sole discretion of the Board, been satisfied in full and any restrictions shall have lapsed in full, and unless and until all of the requirements of law and of all regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over the offer and sale, or issuance and delivery, of the shares shall have been fully complied with. 6 3.9 The total amount of shares with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan and rights of outstanding Awards (both as to the number of shares subject to the outstanding Awards and the Option Price(s) or other purchase price(s) of such shares, as applicable) shall be appropriately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company resulting from payment of a stock dividend on the Common Stock, a stock split or subdivision or combination of shares of the Common Stock, or a reorganization or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other change in the structure of shares of the Common Stock. The foregoing adjustments and the manner of application of the foregoing provisions shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Any such adjustment may provide for the elimination of any fractional shares which might otherwise become subject to an Award. All adjustments made as the result of the foregoing in respect of each Incentive Stock Option shall be made so that such Incentive Stock Option shall continue to be an Incentive Stock Option, as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 3.10 No director or person acting pursuant to authority delegated by the Board shall be liable for any action or determination under the Plan made in good faith. The members of the Board shall be entitled to indemnification by the Company in the manner and to the extent set forth in the Company's Articles of Incorporation, as amended, Bylaws or as otherwise provided from time to time regarding indemnification of Directors. 3.11 The Board shall be authorized to make adjustments in any performance based criteria or in the other terms and conditions of outstanding Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company (or any Affiliate, if applicable) or its financial statements or changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles. The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or desirable to reflect any such adjustment. In the event the Company (or any Affiliate, if applicable) shall assume outstanding employee benefit awards or the right or obligation to make future such awards in connection with the acquisition of another corporation or business entity, the Board may, in its sole discretion, make such adjustments in the terms of outstanding Awards under the Plan as it shall deem appropriate. 3.12 Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Board shall have full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any outstanding Award shall be terminated, canceled, forfeited or suspended. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement, all Awards to any Participant that are subject to any restriction or have not been earned or exercised in full by the Participant shall be terminated and canceled if the Participant is terminated for cause, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. ARTICLE IV -- NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS 4.1 The Board, in its sole discretion, may from time to time on or after the Effective Date grant Nonqualified Stock Options to Eligible Persons, subject to the provisions of this Article IV and Articles III and V and subject to the following conditions: (a) Nonqualified Stock Options may be granted to any Eligible Person, each of whom may be granted one or more of such Nonqualified Stock Options, at such time or times determined by the Board. (b) The Option Price per share of Common Stock for a Nonqualified Stock Option shall be set in the Award Agreement and may be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the Grant Date; provided, however, that the exercise price of each Nonqualified Stock Option granted under the Plan shall in no event be less than the par value per share of the Company s Common Stock. 7 (c) A Nonqualified Stock Option may be exercised in full or in part from time to time within the Option Period specified by the Board and set forth in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that, in any event, the Nonqualified Stock Option shall lapse and cease to be exercisable upon a Termination of Service or within such period following a Termination of Service as shall have been determined by the Board and set forth in the related Award Agreement. 4.2 The Board may provide for any other terms and conditions for a Nonqualified Stock Option not inconsistent with this Article IV or Article V, as determined in its sole discretion and set forth in the Award Agreement for such Nonqualified Stock Option. ARTICLE V -- INCIDENTS OF STOCK OPTIONS 5.1 Each Stock Option shall be granted subject to such terms and conditions, if any, not inconsistent with this Plan, as shall be determined by the Board and set forth in the related Award Agreement, including any provisions as to continued employment as consideration for the grant or exercise of such Stock Option and any provisions which may be advisable to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rulings of any governmental authority. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Stock Option can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable Award Agreement and no Stock Option may provide that, upon exercise of the Stock Option, a new Stock Option will automatically granted. 5.2 Except as hereinafter described, a Stock Option shall not be transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or the Participant's guardian or legal representative. In the event of the death of a Participant, any unexercised Stock Options may be exercised to the extent otherwise provided herein or in such Participant's Award Agreement by the executor or personal representative of such Participant's estate or by any person who acquired the right to exercise such Stock Options by bequest under the Participant's will or by inheritance. The Board, in its sole discretion, may at any time permit a Participant to transfer a Nonqualified Stock Option for no consideration to or for the benefit of one or more members of the Participant's Immediate Family (including, without limitation, to a trust for the benefit of the Participant and/or one or more members of such Participant's Immediate Family or a corporation, partnership or limited liability company established and controlled by the Participant and/or one or more members of such Participant's Immediate Family), subject to such limits as the Board may establish. The transferee of such Nonqualified Stock Option shall remain subject to all terms and conditions applicable to such Nonqualified Stock Option prior to such transfer. The foregoing right to transfer the Nonqualified Stock Option, if granted by the Board shall apply to the right to consent to amendments to the Award Agreement. 5.3 Shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of a Stock Option shall be paid for in such amounts, at such times and upon such terms as shall be determined by the Board, subject to limitations set forth in the Stock Option Award Agreement. The Board may, in its sole discretion, permit the exercise of a Stock Option by payment in cash or by tendering shares of Common Stock (either by actual delivery of such shares or by attestation), or any combination thereof, as determined by the Board. In the sole discretion of the Board, payment in shares of Common Stock also may be made with shares received upon the exercise or partial exercise of the Stock Option, whether or not involving a series of exercises or partial exercises and whether or not share certificates for such shares surrendered have been delivered to the Participant. The Board also may, in its sole discretion, permit the payment of the exercise price of a Stock Option by the voluntary surrender of all or a portion of the Stock Option. Shares of Common Stock previously held by the Participant and surrendered in payment of the Option Price of a Stock Option shall be valued for such purpose at the Fair Market Value thereof on the date the Stock Option is exercised. 8 5.4 The holder of a Stock Option shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares covered by the Stock Option (including, without limitation, any voting rights, the right to inspect or receive the Company s balance sheets or financial statements or any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such shares) until such time as the holder has exercised the Stock Option and then only with respect to the number of shares which are the subject of the exercise. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued. 5.5 The Board may permit the voluntary surrender of all or a portion of any Stock Option granted under the Plan to be conditioned upon the granting to the Participant of a new Stock Option for the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the Stock Option surrendered, or may require such voluntary surrender as a condition precedent to a grant of a new Stock Option to such Participant. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, such new Stock Option shall be exercisable at such Option Price, during such Option Period and on such other terms and conditions as are specified by the Board at the time the new Stock Option is granted. Upon surrender, the Stock Options surrendered shall be canceled and the shares of Common Stock previously subject to them shall be available for the grant of other Stock Options. 5.6 The Board may at any time offer to purchase a Participant's outstanding Stock Option for a payment equal to the value of such Stock Option payable in cash, shares of Common Stock or Restricted Stock or other property upon surrender of the Participant's Stock Option, based on such terms and conditions as the Board shall establish and communicate to the Participant at the time that such offer is made. 5.7 The Board shall have the discretion, exercisable either at the time the Award is granted or at the time the Participant discontinues employment, to establish as a provision applicable to the exercise of one or more Stock Options that, during a limited period of exercisability following a Termination of Service, the Stock Option may be exercised not only with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock for which it is exercisable at the time of the Termination of Service but also with respect to one or more subsequent installments for which the Stock Option would have become exercisable had the Termination of Service not occurred. ARTICLE VI -- RESTRICTED STOCK 6.1 The Board, in its sole discretion, may from time to time on or after the Effective Date award shares of Restricted Stock to Eligible Persons as a reward for past service and an incentive for the performance of future services that will contribute materially to the successful operation of the Company an its Affiliates, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Article VI. 6.2 The Board shall determine the terms and conditions of any Award of Restricted Stock, which shall be set forth in the related Award Agreement, including without limitation: (a) the purchase price, if any, to be paid for such Restricted Stock, which may be zero, subject to such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law; (b) the duration of the Restriction Period or Restriction Periods with respect to such Restricted Stock and whether any events may accelerate or delay the end of such Restriction Period(s); 9 (c) the circumstances upon which the restrictions or limitations shall lapse, and whether such restrictions or limitations shall lapse as to all shares of Restricted Stock at the end of the Restriction Period or as to a portion of the shares of Restricted Stock in one or more installments during the Restriction Period by means of one or more vesting schedules; (d) whether such Restricted Stock is subject to repurchase by the Company or to a right of first refusal at a predetermined price or if the Restricted Stock may be forfeited entirely under certain conditions; (e) whether any performance goals may apply to a Restriction Period to shorten or lengthen such period; and (f) whether dividends and other distributions with respect to such Restricted Stock are to be paid currently to the Participant or withheld by the Company for the account of the Participant. 6.3 Awards of Restricted Stock must be accepted within a period of thirty (30) days after the Grant Date (or such shorter or longer period as the Board may specify at such time) by executing an Award Agreement with respect to such Restricted Stock and tendering the purchase price, if any. A prospective recipient of an Award of Restricted Stock shall not have any rights with respect to such Award, unless such recipient has executed an Award Agreement with respect to such Restricted Stock, has delivered a fully executed copy thereof to the Board and has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and conditions of such Award. 6.4 In the sole discretion of the Board and as set forth in the Award Agreement for an Award of Restricted Stock, all shares of Restricted Stock held by a Participant and still subject to restrictions shall be forfeited by the Participant upon the Participant's Termination of Service and shall be reacquired, canceled and retired by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock, in the event of the death, Disability or Retirement of a Participant during the Restriction Period, or in other cases of special circumstances (including hardship or other special circumstances of a Participant whose employment is involuntarily terminated), the Board may elect to waive in whole or in part any remaining restrictions with respect to all or any part of such Participant's Restricted Stock, if it finds that a waiver would be appropriate. 6.5 Except as otherwise provided in this Article VI, no shares of Restricted Stock received by a Participant shall be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of during the Restriction Period. 6.6 Upon an Award of Restricted Stock to a Participant, a certificate or certificates representing the shares of such Restricted Stock will be issued to and registered in the name of the Participant. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, such certificate or certificates will be held in custody by the Company until (i) the Restriction Period expires and the restrictions or limitations lapse, in which case one or more certificates representing such shares of Restricted Stock that do not bear a restrictive legend (other than any legend as required under applicable federal or state securities laws) shall be delivered to the Participant, or (ii) a prior forfeiture by the Participant of the shares of Restricted Stock subject to such Restriction Period, in which case the Company shall cause such certificate or certificates to be canceled and the shares represented thereby to be retired, all as set forth in the Participant's Award Agreement. It shall be a condition of an Award of Restricted Stock that the Participant deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed in blank relating to the shares of Restricted Stock to be held in custody by the Company. If any Award is not fully vested on the Award Date Unvested Award ), no certificate shall be delivered until the date the shares are fully vested and then subject to all other terms and conditions of this Plan. The holder of a an Unvested Award shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares covered by the Unvested Stock (including, without limitation, any voting rights, the right to inspect or receive the Company s balance sheets or financial statements or any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such shares) until such time as the ownership of the Shares is fully vested. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date ownership of the stock is fully vested and such stock certificate is issued. 10 6.7 Except as provided in this Article VI or in the related Award Agreement, a Participant receiving an Award of shares of Restricted Stock Award when such Award is fully vested shall have, with respect to such shares as have vested, all rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares and the right to receive any distributions, unless and until such shares are otherwise forfeited by such Participant; provided, however, the Board may require that any cash dividends with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock be automatically reinvested in additional shares of Restricted Stock subject to the same restrictions as the underlying Award, or may require that cash dividends and other distributions on Restricted Stock be withheld by the Company or its Affiliates for the account of the Participant. The Board shall determine whether interest shall be paid on amounts withheld, the rate of any such interest, and the other terms applicable to such withheld amounts. ARTICLE VII -- AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 7.1 Subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, the Board of Directors at any time and from time to time may amend or terminate the Plan as may be necessary or desirable to implement or discontinue the Plan or any provision hereof. To the extent required by the Act or the Code, however, no amendment, without approval by the Company's shareholders, shall: (a) materially alter the group of persons eligible to participate in the Plan; or (b) except as provided in Section 3.4, change the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that are available for Awards under the Plan; 7.2 No amendment to or discontinuance of the Plan or any provision hereof by the Board of Directors or the shareholders of the Company shall, without the written consent of the Participant, adversely affect (in the sole discretion of the Board) any Award theretofore granted to such Participant under this Plan; provided, however, that any Award is annulled and voided and no shares shall be issued under any Award if the Participant s relationship with the Company is terminated for any reason as determined by the Board or if the Participant terminates employment or other relationship for any reason prior to the Vesting Date of any shares under an Award or the Exercise Date for any unexercised Option. ARTICLE VIII -- MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 8.1 Nothing in the Plan or any Award granted hereunder shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates or to serve as a Director or shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or its Affiliates or the shareholders of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the employment of a Participant or to release or remove a Director at any time. Unless specifically provided otherwise, no Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed salary or compensation for the purpose of computing benefits under any employee benefit plan or other arrangement of the Company or its Affiliates for the benefit of their respective employees unless the Company shall determine otherwise. No Participant shall have any claim to an Award until it is actually granted under the Plan and an Award Agreement has been executed and delivered to the Company. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under the Plan, such right shall, except as otherwise provided by the Board, be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds of the Company, and no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts, except as provided in Article VII with respect to Restricted Stock and except as otherwise provided by the Board. 11 8.2 The Plan and the grant of Awards shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules, and regulations and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency as may be required. 8.3 The terms of the Plan shall be binding upon the Company, its successors and assigns. 8.4 Neither a Stock Option nor any other type of equity-based compensation provided for hereunder shall be transferable except as provided for in this Plan. In addition to the transfer restrictions otherwise contained herein, additional transfer restrictions shall apply to the extent required by federal or state securities laws. If any Participant makes such a transfer in violation hereof, any obligation hereunder of the Company to such Participant shall terminate immediately. 8.5 This Plan and all actions taken hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada. 8.6 Each Participant exercising an Award hereunder agrees to give the Board prompt written notice of any election made by such Participant under Section 83(b) of the Code, or any similar provision thereof. 8.7 If any provision of this Plan or an Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award Agreement under any law deemed applicable by the Board, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Board, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award Agreement, it shall be stricken, and the remainder of the Plan or the Award Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 8.8 The grant of an Award pursuant to this Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or any of its Affiliates to make adjustments, reclassification, reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure, or to merge or consolidate, or to dissolve, liquidate or sell, or to transfer all or part of its business or assets. 8.9 The Plan is not subject to the provisions of ERISA or qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. 12 8.10 Participants shall be solely liable for any income or other tax or other liability they must pay as a result of any Award under this Plan. If a Participant is required to pay to the Company an amount with respect to income and employment tax withholding obligations in connection with (i) the exercise of a Nonqualified Stock Option, (ii) certain dispositions of Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option, or (iii) the receipt of Common Stock pursuant to any other Award, then the issuance of Common Stock to such Participant shall not be made (or the transfer of shares by such Participant shall not be required to be effected, as applicable) unless such withholding tax or other withholding liabilities shall have been satisfied in a manner acceptable to the Company. To the extent provided by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Participant may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under an Award by any of the following means (in addition to the Company's right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by the Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) tendering a cash payment; (ii) authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award, provided, however, that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or (iii) delivering to the Company owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock. Adopted by the Board of Directors on Mar 25, 2015. Vemanti Group, Inc. /s/ Tan Tran Tan Tran, President 13 VEMANTI GROUP, INC. 2015 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN PLAN AWARD STOCK GRANT 1. Grant Date : 2. Name of Participant : 3. Date(s) of Vesting and Amount(s) of Shares VESTING DATE NUMBER OF SHARES RESTRICTION PERIOD 4. All terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. Participant acknowledges receipt of the Plan and has read and understands all aspects of the Plan and how they affect this Award. In particular, Participant acknowledges and agrees as follows: If any Award is not fully vested on the Award Date Unvested Award ), no certificate shall be delivered until the date the shares are fully vested and then subject to all other terms and conditions of this Plan. The holder of an Unvested Award shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares covered by the Unvested Stock (including, without limitation, any voting rights, the right to inspect or receive the Company s balance sheets or financial statements or any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such shares) until such time as the ownership of the Shares is fully vested. If any Award is fully vested on the Award Date but the Shares are subject to a Restriction Period as set forth in the Stock Award Restricted Award ), no certificate shall be delivered until the date such restricted period expires and then subject to all other terms and conditions of this Plan. The holder of a Restricted Award shall have no right to vote, pledge, sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the vested securities until the end of the restricted period, and Restricted Award Shares must be forfeited back to the Company for no additional consideration if and as so specified in the Stock Award, including the occurrence of the point below. This Award is annulled and voided and no shares shall be issued under this Award if the Participant s relationship with the Company is terminated for any reason as determined by the Board or if the Participant terminates employment or other relationship for any reason before the Restriction Period expires as set forth above for shares under this Award. Participants shall be solely liable for any income or other tax or other liability they must pay as a result of this Award. Signature of Participant Signature of Company Tan Tran, President 14 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 vemanti_ex211.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
 
 vemanti_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 Significant Subsidiaries of Vemanti Group, Inc. Name of Subsidiary, Ownership VoiceStep Telecom, LLC (100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 vemanti_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vemanti_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF REGISTRANT PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (RULE 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) I, Tan Tran, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Vemanti Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Tan Tran Name: Tan Tran Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 vemanti_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vemanti_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF REGISTRANT PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (RULE 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) I, Stephen R. Jones, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Vemanti Group Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen R. Jones Name: Stephen R. Jones Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 vemanti_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vemanti_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Vemanti Group, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Tan Tran Name: Tan Tran Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 vemanti_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vemanti_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Vemanti Group, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen R. Jones Name: Stephen R. Jones Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 vnmt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 vnmt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vnmt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vnmt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

